<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-000946.txt : 20250327
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-000946.hdr.sgml : 20250327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250327163009
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-000946
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250323
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Soluna Holdings, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000064463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		EIN:				141462255
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40261
		FILM NUMBER:		25779810

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 WASHINGTON AVENUE EXTENSION
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		518-218-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 WASHINGTON AVENUE EXTENSION
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000006446300000644632025-03-232025-03-230000064463SLNH:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-03-232025-03-230000064463SLNH:Sec9.0SeriesCumulativePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-03-232025-03-23iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 23, 2025

SOLUNA
HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Nevada 001-40261 14-1462255

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

325
Washington Avenue Extension 

Albany,
New York 12205

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (516)216-9257

N/A

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
stock, par value $0.001 per share SLNH The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

9.0%
Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share SLNHP The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As
previously disclosed, on June 20, 2024, pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Note Purchase Agreement (as amended on July 12, 2024,
the SPA), by and among (i) Soluna AL CloudCo, LLC (CloudCo), a Delaware limited liability company and a subsidiary
of Soluna Cloud, Inc. (Soluna Cloud), a Nevada corporation and a subsidiary of Soluna Holdings, Inc. (the Company),
(ii) Soluna Cloud, (iii) the Company, and (iv) the accredited investor named therein (the Investor and collectively, the
Note Parties), CloudCo issued to the Investor a secured promissory note in a principal amount equal to $12,500,000 (the
Note). The Note accrues interest at a rate of 9.0% per annum, subject to adjustment upon an event of default. The
Note matures on June 20, 2027. CloudCos obligations under the Note are secured by all or substantially all of CloudCos
assets, pursuant to a security agreement in favor of the Investor. As further credit support for CloudCos obligations under
the Note, Soluna Cloud agreed to execute and deliver a guaranty (the Soluna Cloud Guaranty) in favor of the administrative
agent named within the SPA (the Agent). Soluna Clouds obligations under the Soluna Cloud Guaranty are secured by
all or substantially all of Soluna Clouds assets pursuant to a security agreement in favor of the Agent. Additionally, as
further credit support for CloudCos obligations under the Note, the Company,
as the sole stockholder of Soluna Cloud and the indirect parent of CloudCo, agreed to execute and deliver a guaranty in favor of the
Agent (the Holdings Guaranty). The Companys obligations under the Holdings Guaranty are secured by all or substantially
all of the Companys assets pursuant to a security agreement in favor of the Agent.

On
March 23, 2025, the Note Parties entered into a Modification Agreement (the Modification Agreement) to, among other things,
(i) provide for the deposit of 1,000,000 shares (the Escrow Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001
per share (the Common Stock), into an escrow account maintained by Northland Securities, Inc., pursuant to an escrow
agreement (as further described below), (ii) provide for the issuance to the Investor of a warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock
upon the release by the Investor of its lien on the property of the Company (the Warrant), (iii) amend the payment
schedule of the Note to provide (a) for each of the six scheduled payments occurring after the earlier of the effectiveness of a registration
statement for the resale of the Registrable Securities (as defined below) or the date that the Registrable Securities may be sold pursuant
to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), without any information requirements,
the amount of principal and interest payable on such date shall be reduced by 50% (the aggregate amount of the six months of such reductions,
the Specified Amount) and (b) if the aggregate amount of payments on the Amended Note applied from the proceeds of the
sale of the Escrow Shares on or prior to the last six scheduled payments is less than the Specified Amount (such difference, the Make
Whole Amount), than the amount of each of the remaining scheduled payments shall be increased by an amount equal to the Make Whole
Amount divided by the number of remaining scheduled payments, (iv) modify the Note such that the Note is now convertible into up to 2,500,000
shares (the Conversion Shares) of Common Stock based on a conversion price of $5.00, (v) amend the Note to provide that
the Company will be a direct co-obligor with CloudCo under the Note, and (vi) amend the SPA to allow the Company to organize or incorporate
any subsidiary, over which the Company shall have voting or beneficial control, which is being formed with the intent to engage in a
business or line of business substantially similar to that of Soluna Cloud or the Company, without first paying all of the principal
and interest due under the Note and without first obtaining Investors prior written consent.

The
net proceeds from dispositions of the Escrow Shares (i) at a price of up to $4.00 per share shall be applied to reduce the outstanding
principal balance of the Note and (ii) at a price greater than $4.00 per share shall be applied first to reduce the outstanding principal
balance of the Note in an amount equal to $4.00 per share of Common Stock and then to the Investor.

Also
under the Modification Agreement, the Company agreed to register for resale the Escrow Shares and Conversion Shares (together, the Registrable
Securities) as promptly as commercially practicable, as determined by the Company, following the registration for resale
of certain other securities. The Company also agreed to register for resale the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrant as promptly as commercially practicable, as determined by the Company, after the issuance of the Warrant.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Warrant and the Modification Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of
each respective agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and 10.1, respectively, and are incorporated in their entirety
herein by reference.

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Modification Agreement is incorporated by reference
herein.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect the issuance of the Escrow Shares and the Warrant
is incorporated by reference herein. The Escrow Shares that were issued and the Warrant that will be issued pursuant to the Modification
Agreement is and will be made in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Form of Warrant.

10.1 Modification Agreement, dated March 21, 2025, by and between Soluna AL CloudCo, LLC, Soluna Cloud, Inc., the Company, and the Investor.

104 Cover Page Interactive Date File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SOLUNA
HOLDINGS, INC.

Date:
March 27, 2025 By:
/s/
John Tunison

John
Tunison

Chief
Financial Officer

(principal
financial officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT SOLUNA HOLDINGS, INC.

Warrant
Shares: ___________ Execution
Date: ___________

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, GREENCLOUD PARTNERS, LLC or its
assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the Execution Date identified above and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the three
year anniversary of the Execution Date (the Termination Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase
from Soluna Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Holdings), up to ___________
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) (as subject to adjustment hereunder,
the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise
Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Note Purchase
Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated June 20, 2024, as amended, among Holdings, the Holder, and the other persons
from time to time party thereto.

Section
2.Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on
or before the Termination Date by delivery to Holdings of a duly executed facsimile copy (or.pdf copy via e-mail attachment) of the Notice
of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier
of two (2) trading days, the Holder shall deliver the unpaid portion of the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise
procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to Holdings until the Holder has
purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender
this Warrant to Holdings for cancellation within three (3) trading days of the date on which the final Notice of

Exercise
is delivered to Holdings. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal
to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and Holdings shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares
purchased and the date of such purchases. Holdings shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of
receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share
of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.01, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at any time after the Initial
Exercise Date, there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the issuance or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then the Holder may, in its sole discretion, exercise this Warrant, in whole or in part, at such
time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares determined
according to the following formula (a Cashless Exercise):

Net
Number = (A
x B) - (A x C) 

B 

For
purposes of the foregoing formula:

(A) = the
total number of shares with respect to which the Warrants are then being exercised.

(B) = as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the trading day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a trading day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a trading day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b)(64) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such trading day, (ii) at the option of the
Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the trading day immediately preceding the date of the
applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal trading market as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during
regular trading hours on a trading day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours
after the close of regular trading hours on a trading day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a trading day and such Notice of Exercise is
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such trading
day; and

(C) = the
Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

-2-

In
addition to the Holders rights set forth above, in the event the price of a Share of Common Stock, based on the application of
any of the formulae set forth in this Warrant, is below the Exercise Price (a Restricted
Period), the Holder, at Holders option, may, upon delivery of a Notice of Exercise, require Holdings to deliver to
the Holder without the payment of any additional consideration, the aggregate number of Warrant Shares issuable in such Restricted Period
cashless exercise pursuant to any given Notice of Exercise electing to effect a Restricted Period cashless exercise that shall equal
the product of (x) the aggregate number of Warrant Shares for which the Warrants are exercised as if such exercise were by means of a
cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise and (y) one (1).

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. Holdings agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, without limiting the rights of the Holder
to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in the event Holdings does not have or maintain an
effective registration statement, there are no circumstances that would require Holdings to make any cash payments or net cash settle
the purchase warrants to the Holders.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a trading market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a trading day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a trading market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as
determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding
and reasonably acceptable to Holdings, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by Holdings.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:

(a)
if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a trading market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such
date (or the nearest preceding date) on the trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. (based on a trading day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a trading
market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
in the Pink Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions
of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market
value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest
of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to Holdings, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by Holdings.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

-3-

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. Holdings shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the
transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if Holdings is then a participant in
such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of
the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of- sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in
Holdingss share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled
pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (2) trading days (such
date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for
all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the
case of a cashless exercise) is received within the two (2) trading days. If Holdings fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the
Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, Holdings shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per trading day (increasing to $20 per trading day on the fifth trading day after such
liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each trading day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered
or Holder rescinds such exercise.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, Holdings shall, at the request of a
Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If Holdings fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

-4-

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if Holdings fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then Holdings shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the
Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of
Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that Holdings was required
to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase
obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant
Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had Holdings timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder.
For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy- In with respect to an attempted
exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A)
of the immediately preceding sentence Holdings shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide Holdings written
notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of Holdings, evidence of the amount of
such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to Holdingss failure to
timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, Holdings
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by Holdings,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the
Holder and Holdings may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental
thereto. Holdings shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same- day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of
the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. Holdings will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of
this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

-5-

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. Holdings
shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant
to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice
of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder
or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common
Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder
or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other
securities of Holdings (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that Holdings
is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely
responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section
2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the
Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is
exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion
of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and Holdings shall have no obligation to
verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) Holdings most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case
may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by Holdings or (C) a more recent written notice by Holdings or the Transfer Agent setting
forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, Holdings shall within one (1) Trading
Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of Holdings, including this
Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

-6-

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If Holdings, at any
time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares
of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance
of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by Holdings upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital stock
of Holdings, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares
of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made
pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

b)
[Reserved].

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any
adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time Holdings grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to
purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase
Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase
Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record
is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such
Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent)
and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would
not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this
Warrant is outstanding, if Holdings shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its
assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme
of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then,
in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated
therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date
of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of
Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares
of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the
benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

-7-

e)
Fundamental Transaction.

i.
If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) Holdings, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of Holdings with or into another Person, (ii) Holdings, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease,
license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related
transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by Holdings or another Person) is
completed pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, (iv) Holdings, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the shares of Common Stock are effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or

(v)
Holdings, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business
combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person
or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including
any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons
making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, immediately prior to the closing of such Fundamental Transaction (Mandatory Exercise Time), each Warrant shall,
without further action from the Holder, automatically convert into Common Stock pursuant to a deemed Cashless Exercise (without regard
to any limitation on the applicability of a Cashless Exercise and without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant).

ii.
Procedural Requirements. Holder shall be sent written notice of the Mandatory Exercise Time and the place designated for mandatory
exercise of the Warrant pursuant to this Section 3(e). Such notice need not be sent in advance of the occurrence of the Mandatory Exercise
Time. Upon receipt of such notice, Holder in certificated form shall surrender his, her or its Warrant (or, if Holder alleges that such
certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost warrant affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to Holdings to indemnify
Holdings against any claim that may be made against Holdings on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such Warrant) to
Holdings at the place designated in such notice. If so required by Holdings, any Warrants surrendered for exercise shall be endorsed
or accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to Holdings, duly executed by the Holder or by
his, her or its attorney duly authorized in writing. All rights with respect to the Warrant exercised pursuant to this Section 3(e) (other
than as a holder of Common Stock), will terminate at the Mandatory Exercise Time (notwithstanding the failure of the
Holder or Holders thereof to surrender any Warrants at or prior to such time), except only the rights of the Holders thereof,
upon surrender of any Warrants of such Holders (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) therefor, to receive the items provided
for in the next sentence of this Section 3(e). As soon as practicable after the Mandatory Exercise Time and, if applicable, the surrender
of any Warrants (or lost warrant affidavit and agreement), Holdings shall issue and deliver to such holder, or to his, her or its nominees,
a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable on such exercise in accordance with the provisions
hereof.

-8-

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section
3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number
of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock
(excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, Holdings shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) Holdings shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
shares of Common Stock, (B) Holdings shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the shares of Common Stock,
(C) Holdings shall authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of Holdings shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the shares of Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which Holdings is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of the assets of Holdings, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the shares of Common Stock are converted
into other securities, cash or property, or (E) Holdings shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of Holdings, then, in each case, Holdings shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last
facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of Holdings, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such
dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the shares
of Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y)
the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or stock exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the shares of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares
of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or stock exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect
the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice and provided,
further that no notice shall be required if the information is disseminated in a press release or document filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding Holdings, Holdings shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The
Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of
the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

-9-

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any
applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of Holdings or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, Holdings shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to Holdings unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to Holdings within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to Holdings
assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase
of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or
combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of Holdings, together with a written notice specifying
the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance
with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, Holdings shall execute and deliver a new
Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued
on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Execution Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the
number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. Holdings shall register this
Warrant, upon records to be maintained by Holdings for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record
Holder hereof from time to time. Holdings may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the
purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the
surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible
for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, Holdings may
require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the transferor thereof to provide to Holdings, at the transferors expense,
an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Holdings, the form and substance of which opinion shall
be reasonably satisfactory to the Holdings, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of the under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. As a condition of such transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement shall have the rights and obligations of Holdings hereunder.

-10-

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by
the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant
Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or
any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted
under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This
Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of Holdings prior to the exercise
hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant.
Holdings covenants that upon receipt by Holdings of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security
reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and
cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, Holdings will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of
like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last
or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day,
then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

Holdings
covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock
a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
Holdings further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the
duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. Holdings will take all such
reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable
law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the shares of Common Stock may be listed. Holdings covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by Holdings in respect of the issue thereof (other
than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

-11-

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, Holdings shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Holdings will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately
prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that Holdings may validly
and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may
be, necessary to enable Holdings to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, Holdings shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any
public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the
Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will
have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing
or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice
the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the Holders right to exercise this Warrant terminates
on the Termination Date. If Holdings willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, Holdings shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any
costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document
required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by Holdings shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions
of the Purchase Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof,
in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein
of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock
or as a stockholder of Holdings, whether such liability is asserted by Holdings or by creditors of Holdings.

-12-

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled
to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this
Warrant. Holdings agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of
the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a
remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable
securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors
and permitted assigns of Holdings and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to
be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended
or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of Holdings and the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision
of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant
shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity,
without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are
for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

-13-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Holdings has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

SOLUNA
HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: John
Belizaire

Title: CEO

-14-

Exhibit
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO:
SOLUNA HOLDINGS, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ____________Warrant Shares of Holdings pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in
lawful money of the United States; or

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

(4)
Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: 

Title
of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

-15-

Exhibit
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print) 

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
________________, _____, ________ 

Holders Signature: __________________________ 

Holders Address: ___________________________ 

-16-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

MODIFICATION
AGREEMENT

THIS
MODIFICATION AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of March 21, 2025 (the Effective Date) is
made by and among SOLUNA AL CLOUDCO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), SOLUNA CLOUD, INC.,
a Nevada corporation (Cloud), SOLUNA HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (Holdings, and together
with the Company and Cloud, the Note Parties and each individually, a Note Party), GREENCLOUD
PARTNERS, LLC (f/k/a GREEN CLOUD HOLDINGS, LLC) (GreenCloud), as the Required Investor and the Administrative Agent
(in each case, as defined below), and Holdings, as assignee of each of the First Amendment Date Notes (in such capacity, the Assignee
Note Investor).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
the Note Parties and GreenCloud are parties to that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2024, as amended by that certain
First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2024, by and among the Note Parties, GreenCloud, as administrative agent
for the investors from time to time party to such note purchase agreement (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent),
and the investors from time to time party to such note purchase agreement (as so amended and as hereinafter may be amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified, the NPA; all capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall
have the meaning assigned to such term in the NPA);

WHEREAS,
in connection with the transactions contemplated pursuant to the NPA, the Company issued to GreenCloud that certain Promissory Note,
dated June 20, 2024, in the original principal amount of $12,500,000 (as amended, the GreenCloud Note); and

WHEREAS,
the Note Parties and GreenCloud desire to modify the NPA and the GreenCloud Note and to provide for the issuance of a new warrant by
Holdings to purchase its common stock upon the release by the Administrative Agent of its lien on the property of Holdings, in each case
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual benefits accruing to Parties hereunder and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:

AGREEMENTS

1. Shares
of Common Stock of Holdings; Escrow Agreement.

(a) Contemporaneously
herewith, Holdings will deposit 1,000,000 shares of its common stock (the Subject Shares) into an escrow account
(Escrow Account) maintained by Northland Securities, Inc. (Escrow Agent) pursuant to that certain
Escrow Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Note Parties, GreenCloud and Escrow Agent (the Escrow Agreement).

(b) The
net cash proceeds from dispositions of the Subject Shares (i) at a price of not more than $4.00 per share of common stock (subject to
customary adjustments) will be applied to reduce the outstanding principal balance of the GreenCloud Note in inverse order of maturity
and (ii) at a price greater than $4.00 per share of common stock (subject to customary adjustments) will be applied first, to
reduce the outstanding principal balance of the GreenCloud Note in inverse order of maturity in an amount equal to $4.00 per share of
such common stock (subject to customary adjustments) and then, to GreenCloud for its own account.

1

2. Agreement
to Issue SLNH Warrant.

(a) Holdings
agrees to issue to GreenCloud a warrant in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the SLNH Warrant) within five
(5) business days after the release and termination by the Administrative Agent of its lien on, and security interest in, all of the
property and assets of Holdings pursuant to documentation reasonably acceptable to Holdings (the Release Date).

(b) The
number of Warrant Shares (as defined in the SLNH Warrant) shall equal the $1,250,000 divided by the Applicable Share Price.
As used herein, the Applicable Share Price means the prior 5-day VWAP (as VWAP is defined in the SLNH Warrant).

3. Modifications
to GreenCloud Note.

(a) The
payment schedule on Exhibit A to the GreenCloud Note is hereby amended as follows: (i) for each of the six (6) scheduled payments occurring
after the earlier of the effectiveness of a registration statement for the resale of the GreenCloud Securities (as hereinafter defined)
or the date that the GreenCloud Registrable Securities may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (Rule
144) without any information requirements, the amount of principal and interest payable on such date shall each be reduced
by fifty percent (50%) (the aggregate amount of such reductions for such six scheduled payments is referred to herein as the Specified
Amount) and (ii) if the aggregate amount of payments on the GreenCloud Note applied from the proceeds of the sale of the Subject
Shares on or prior to the last of such six (6) scheduled payments is less than the Specified Amount (such difference, the Make
Whole Amount), then the amount of each of the remaining scheduled payments shall be increased by an amount equal to the Make
Whole Amount divided by the number of remaining scheduled payments.

(b) The
GreenCloud Note is hereby further amended by inserting Sections 7 and 8 in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.

(c) Holdings
hereby confirms, acknowledges and agrees that from and after the Effective Date it joins the GreenCloud Note as a direct co-obligor with
Soluna AL CloudCo, LLC as if it were an original signatory thereto and, as such, is jointly and severally liable with Soluna AL CloudCo,
LLC for all obligations under the GreenCloud Note.

4. Registration.

(a) Holdings
agrees that it will register the Subject Shares and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the GreenCloud Note in accordance
with its terms (the Conversion Shares) for resale (collectively, the GreenCloud Registrable Securities)
as promptly as commercially practicable after registration for resale of other securities disclosed to GreenCloud, with such determination
made by Holdings in its sole discretion (and may be made in or more registration statements). Holdings shall keep such registration statement
effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the 1933 Act at all times until the earlier of (i) the date on which the GreenCloud
Note shall have been satisfied in full, or (ii) such date as the GreenCloud Registrable Securities may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without
any information requirements.

(b) Holdings
agrees that, after issuance of the SLNH Warrant, it will register the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the SLNH Warrant
for resale (collectively, the Warrant Shares) as promptly as commercially practicable as determined by Holdings
in its sole discretion (and may be made in or more registration statements). Holdings shall keep such registration statement effective
pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the 1933 Act at all times until the earlier of (i) the date on which the GreenCloud Note shall
have been satisfied in full, or (ii) such date as the Warrant Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any information requirements.

2

5. Modifications
to NPA.

(a) Section
3(b) of the NPA is hereby amended by replacing the phrase the Company occurring therein and with the phrase each
applicable Note Party.

(b) Section
3(c) of the NPA is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to provide as follows:

Information
Rights. Until all principal and interest under the Notes have been paid, Holdings shall provide to the Administrative Agent:

(i) promptly,
as soon as available, but in any event within thirty (30) days of the last day of each calendar month, monthly trial balances (unaudited)
together with a narrative summarizing significant business activities and other developments (including, without limitation, sales realized,
sales in process and operational results) of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such calendar month then ended;

(ii) promptly,
as soon as available, but in any event within forty-five (45) days of the last day of each calendar quarter, commencing with the calendar
quarter ending March 31, 2025, quarterly internally prepared financial statements (unaudited) of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries
for such calendar quarter then ended; provided, however, that with respect to any calendar quarter ending December 31,
the financial statements under this clause (ii) shall be delivered promptly, as soon as available, but in any event within sixty (60)
days of the last day of such calendar quarter; and

(iii) such
other financial information with respect to the Note Parties as it may reasonably request.

(c) Section
3(d) of the NPA is hereby amended by deleting the last sentence thereof.

(d) Section
4(a)(i) of the NPA is hereby amended by replacing the phrase the Company fails occurring therein and with the phrase the
applicable Note Parties fail.

(e) Section
4(a)(ii) of the NPA is hereby amended by replacing the phrase the Company fails occurring therein and with the phrase the
applicable Note Parties fail.

(f) Section
4(d) of the NPA is hereby amended by replacing each occurrence of the phrase any Note Party with Holdings.

(g) Section
4(e) of the NPA is hereby amended by replacing each occurrence of the phrase any Note Party with Holdings.

(h) Section
4(g) of the NPA is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to provide as follows: the occurrence of a Material Adverse Change
of Holdings, individually.

3

6. Modifications
to Note Documents and Investors Rights Agreement.

(a) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Agreement, each of the Note Documents is hereby modified, and shall be deemed
and construed to be modified, to provide that the non-compliance, breach, failure, violation or any other default by Cloud or CloudCo
under or pursuant to any Note Document shall not be, and shall not be deemed or construed to be, an Event of Default or the occurrence
of an event that may permit the Administrative Agent or an Investor to exercise any remedies, excluding the non-payment of scheduled
principal and interest under the Notes.

(b) The
Investors Rights Agreement is hereby amended by deleting Section 2 in its entirety.

7. Consent
and Waiver by Assignee Note Investor. Assignee Note Investor hereby consents to the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Amendment and the other agreements executed in connection herewith and hereby waives any right to participate in any of such
transactions or receive any consideration provided by the Note Parties in connection with any such transactions.

8. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) This
Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result
in the application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. Subject to clause (c) of this Section 8, each of the
parties hereto irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of Delaware
over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the SLNH Warrant, the NPA, the Escrow Agreement or
the GreenCloud Note.

(b) EACH
OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT
OR OTHERWISE, AMONG ANY OF THEM ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATING TO OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THEM IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS AGREEMENT, the slnh Warrant, the NPA, the escrow agreement or the GreenCloud Note.

(c) Except
for claims, disputes and controversies that are not subject to arbitration by applicable law, any and all claims, disputes and controversies
between or among the parties hereto, whether in tort, contract or otherwise, arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall, upon
demand by any party, be determined by binding arbitration in the State of Delaware (or such other location as the parties mutually agree).
The arbitration shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect (or any other form of arbitration
mutually acceptable to the parties so involved). Judgment on the award may be entered in any state or federal court having jurisdiction
in the State of Delaware.

9. Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that in such case the parties
shall negotiate in good faith to replace such provision with a new provision which is not illegal, unenforceable or void, as long as
such new provision does not materially change the economic benefits of this Agreement to the Parties.

10. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of executed counterparts of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic format (including
via .pdf and DocuSign) shall be effective as an original.

11. Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the NPA, the SLNH Warrant, the Escrow Agreement and the GreenCloud Note constitute the entire
agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior agreements or understandings, whether written
or oral, between or among the parties with regard thereto. No amendment, restatement, modification or other change to this Agreement
or waiver of any agreement or other obligation of the parties under this Agreement may be made or given unless such amendment, restatement,
modification or waiver is set forth in writing and signed by the parties.

[Signatures
begin on next page]

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

NOTE PARTIES:

SOLUNA AL CLOUDCO, LLC

By: /s/ John Tunison

Name: John Tunison

Title: CFO

SOLUNA HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ John Tunison

Name: John Tunison

Title: CFO

SOLUNA CLOUD, INC.

By: /s/ John Tunison

Name: John Tunison

Title: CFO

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:

GREENCLOUD PARTNERS, LCC

(f/k/a GREEN CLOUD HOLDINGS, LLC)

By: Cincinnatus Management, LLC, as its Managing Member

By: /s/ David Altshuler

Name: David Altshuler

Title: CEO

REQUIRED INVESTOR:

GREENCLOUD PARTNERS, LCC

(f/k/a GREEN CLOUD HOLDINGS, LLC)

By: Cincinnatus Management, LLC, as its Managing Member

By: /s/ David Altshuler

Name: David Altshuler

Title: CEO

[Signature Page to Modification Agreement]

5

ASSIGNEE NOTE INVESTOR:

SOLUNA HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ John Tunison

Name: John Tunison

Title: CFO

6

EXHIBIT
A

SLNH
Warrant

See
attached.

7

EXHIBIT
B

Sections
7 and 8 Inserted to GreenCloud Note

Section
7. Conversion.

a)
Voluntary Conversion. At any time after __________, 2025 (the Modification Effective Date) until this Note
is no longer outstanding, this Note including interest accrued hereon shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of common
stock of Holdings (Common Stock) at the option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (subject to the
conversion limitations set forth in Section 7(d) hereof). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of
Conversion, the form of which is attached as Exhibit D to the Modification Agreement dated as of the Modification Effective Date (each,
a Notice of Conversion), specifying therein the principal amount of this Note and accrued interest, if any, to be
converted and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion
Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion is deemed delivered
hereunder. To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless
the entire principal amount of this Note has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
principal amount of this Note in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company may deliver an objection to any Notice of Conversion
within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the
Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this
Note, acknowledges and agrees that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the
unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Conversion Price. The conversion price for the principal and interest, if any, in connection with voluntary conversions by the
Holder shall be $5.00 per share of Common Stock, subject to adjustment herein (the Conversion Price).

c)
Mechanics of Conversion.

i.
Conversion Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder
shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Note to be converted plus interest,
if any, elected by the Holder to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price.

ii.
Delivery of Certificate Upon Conversion. Not later than the earlier of two (2) trading days (the Share Delivery Date),
the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the Conversion Shares which,
on or after the earlier of (i) the six month anniversary of the Modification Effective Date or (ii) the effective date of a registration
statement for all of the Conversion Shares, shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may
then be required by this Note) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of this Note. The Company
shall use its best efforts to cause to be delivered any certificate or certificates required to be delivered under this Section 4(c)
electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions.

8

iii.
Failure to Deliver Certificates. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such certificate or certificates are not delivered
to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the
Company at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company
shall promptly return to the Holder any original Note delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the
Common Stock certificates issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

iv.
Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to cause to be issued and delivered the Conversion
Shares upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or
inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment
against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach
or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by
the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company
to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not
operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this Note shall
elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion based on any claim that
the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason,
unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of this Note shall have
been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 150% of the outstanding
principal amount of this Note, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence
of such injunction, the Company shall issue Conversion Shares or, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company
fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates pursuant to Section 7(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of principal amount being converted,
$10 per trading day (increasing to $20 per trading day on the fifth (5th) trading day after such liquidated damages being
to accrue) for each trading day after such Share Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion.
Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default for the Companys failure
to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise
of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law.

9

v.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date
pursuant to Section 7(c)(ii), and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open
market transaction or otherwise), or the Holder or Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating
to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any
other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell
order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder,
either reissue (if surrendered) this Note in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the attempted conversion (in which case
such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued
if Borrower had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 7(c)(ii). For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock
having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of this Note with respect to which
the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total
of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder
shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the
Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note as required
pursuant to the terms hereof.

vi.
Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that it will cause Holdings at all times to reserve and
keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Note
as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and
the other holders of the Notes), not less than 150% of the aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 8) upon the conversion
of the then outstanding principal amount of this Note and interest which has accrued and would accrue on such principal amount assuming
such principal amount was not converted through the Maturity Date. The Company covenants that Holdings shall cause all shares of Common
Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

vii.
Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Note.
As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its
election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion
Price or round up to the next whole share.

10

viii.
Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Note shall be made
without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery
of such certificates, provided that, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Note so
converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons requesting
the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company
that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion.

d)
Holders Conversion Limitations. The Company shall not effect any conversion of this Note, and a Holder shall not have the
right to convert any portion of this Note, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice
of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or
any of the Holders Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For
purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but
shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount
of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted
portion of any other securities of Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein
(including, without limitation, the SLNH Warrant) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the
preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 7(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 7(d) applies,
the determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates)
and of which principal amount of this Note is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice
of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Note may be converted (in relation to other securities
owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and which principal amount of this Note is convertible, in each case subject to the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each
time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to
any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 7(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder
may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) Holdings most
recent periodic or annual report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement
by Holdings, or (iii) a more recent written notice by Holdings or Holdings transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two trading days confirm orally and
in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of Holdings, including this Note, by the Holder
or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this
Section 7(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership
Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The
limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.

11

Section
8. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If Holdings, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by Holdings upon conversion of the Notes), (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock,
any shares of capital stock of Holdings, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of Holdings) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which
the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant
to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such
dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or
re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time Holdings grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right
to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall
not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result
of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time,
if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Note is outstanding, if Holdings shall declare or make any dividend whether or not permitted,
or makes any other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way
of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Note, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Note (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

12

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) Holdings, directly or indirectly, in one or more
related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of Holdings with or into another Person, (ii) Holdings, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in
one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by Holdings
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for
other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) Holdings,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property, (v) Holdings, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement
or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement)
with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares
of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making
or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have
been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in Section 7(d) on the conversion of this Note), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of
Holdings, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable
as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Note is convertible immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 7(d) on the conversion of this Note). For purposes
of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and Holdings shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction.

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 8 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 8, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of Holdings) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to the Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company
shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement
of the facts requiring such adjustment.

13

ii.
Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) Holdings shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) Holdings shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) Holdings
shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of Holdings shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which Holdings is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the
assets of Holdings, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or
(E) Holdings shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of Holdings, then, in
each case, Holdings shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Note, and shall
cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Note Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken
for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which
the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined
or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares
of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect
the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, Holdings shall simultaneously file such
notice with the Securities Exchange Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert
this Note during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

14

EXHIBIT
D

Notice
of Conversion

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the Promissory Note, dated June 20, 2024, in the original principal amount of $12,500,000,
as amended, into shares of common stock (the Common Stock) of Soluna Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Holdings),
according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a person
other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such
certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by Holdings in accordance therewith. No fee will be charged to the holder for any conversion,
except for such transfer taxes, if any.

By
the delivery of this Notice of Conversion the undersigned represents and warrants to Holdings that its ownership of the Common Stock
does not exceed the amounts specified under Section 7 of this Note, as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

The
undersigned agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer
of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock.

Conversion
calculations:

Date
to Effect Conversion: ____________________________

Principal
Amount of Note to be Converted: $__________________

Accrued
Interest to be Converted, if any: $______________

Conversion
Price: $_________________

Number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued: ______________

Signature:
_________________________________________

Name:
____________________________________________

Address
for Delivery of Common Stock Certificates: __________

_____________________________________________________

_____________________________________________________

Or

DWAC
Instructions: _________________________________

Broker
No:_____________

Account
No: _______________

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>slnh-20250323.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>slnh-20250323_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>slnh-20250323_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 

9.0% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>slnh-20250323_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 23, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 23, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40261

Entity Registrant Name SOLUNA
HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000064463

Entity Tax Identification Number 14-1462255

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 325
Washington Avenue Extension

Entity Address, City or Town Albany

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 12205

City Area Code (516)

Local Phone Number 216-9257

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol SLNH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

9.0% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security 9.0%
Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol SLNHP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SLNH_CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SLNH_Sec9.0SeriesCumulativePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://solunacomputing.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
slnh-20250323.xsd 
slnh-20250323_def.xml 
slnh-20250323_lab.xml 
slnh-20250323_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-000946-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000064463 

2025-03-23 
2025-03-23 

0000064463 

SLNH:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-03-23 
2025-03-23 

0000064463 

SLNH:Sec9.0SeriesCumulativePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-03-23 
2025-03-23 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000064463 
8-K 
2025-03-23 
SOLUNA HOLDINGS, INC. 
NV 
001-40261 
14-1462255 
325 Washington Avenue Extension 
Albany 
NY 
12205 
(516) 
216-9257 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
SLNH 
NASDAQ 
9.0% Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
SLNHP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>