<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-005999.txt : 20250123
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-005999.hdr.sgml : 20250123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123163624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-005999
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ribbon Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002035016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42474
		FILM NUMBER:		25550614

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CENTRAL PARK TWR LATOUR SHINJUKU RM 3001
		STREET 2:		6-15-1 NISHI SHINJUKU, SHINJUKU-KU
		CITY:			TOKYO
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			160-0023
		BUSINESS PHONE:		819085083462

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CENTRAL PARK TWR LATOUR SHINJUKU RM 3001
		STREET 2:		6-15-1 NISHI SHINJUKU, SHINJUKU-KU
		CITY:			TOKYO
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			160-0023
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228494-8k_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000203501600-000000000020350162025-01-162025-01-160002035016RIBBU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValuePerShareAndOneRightMember2025-01-162025-01-160002035016RIBBU:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-162025-01-160002035016RIBBU:RightsEachEntitlingHolderToReceiveOneseventh17OfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember2025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

United
States

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 16, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42474 n/a

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001

6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 160-0023

Japan 160-0023

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: +819085083462

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value per share, and one Right RIBBU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share RIBB The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Class A ordinary share RIBBR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On January 16, 2025, Ribbon Acquisition Corp (the
Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO) of 5,000,000 units
(the Public Units). Each Public Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value US$0.0001 per share
(Ordinary Share) and one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business
combination (Right). The Public Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds
of $50,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO on
January 16, 2025, the Company consummated the private placement (Private Placement) with Ribbon Investment Company Ltd,
its Sponsor, of 220,000 units (the Private Units) at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds
of $2,200,000.

A total of $50,000,000 of the net proceeds from
the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Companys public stockholders,
with Odyssey Trust Company acting as trustee..

An audited balance sheet as of January 16, 2025
reflecting the receipt of the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued by the Company and is included as Exhibit
99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statement and
Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet as of January 16, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 23, 2025

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022849401ex99-1_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED BALANCE SHEET AS OF JANUARY 16, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Content Page

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm No. 3487) F-2

Balance
Sheet as of January 16, 2025 F-3

Notes
to Balance Sheet F-4-F-12

F-1

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

Ribbon Acquisition Corp.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Ribbon Acquisition Corp. (the Company) as of January 16, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of January 16, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP).

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Audit Alliance LLP

We have served as the Companys auditor since 2024.

Singapore

January 23, 2025

F-2

RIBBON
ACQUISITION CORP.

BALANCE SHEET

AS OF JANUARY 16,
2025

Assets 

Current asset 

Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 710,916 

Total current asset 710,916 

Non-current asset 

Cash Held in Trust Account 50,000,008 

Total non-current asset 50,000,008 

Total Assets $ 50,710,924 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses $ 9,001 

Over-allotment liabilities 200,437 

Total current Liabilities 209,438 

Non-current Liability 

Deferred Underwriting Commission 2,000,000 

Total current Liability 2,000,000 

Total liabilities 2,209,438 

Commitment and contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, 450,000,000 shares authorized, 5,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption 43,872,322 

Shareholders Equity 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 450,000,000 shares authorized; 220,000 issued and outstanding (excluding 5,000,000 shares subject to redemption) 22 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 1,250,000 shares issued and outstanding (1) 125 

Additional paid-in capital 4,639,322 

Accumulated deficit (10,305 )

Total shareholders equity 4,629,164 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY $ 50,710,924 

(1) This number includes an aggregate of up to 1,250,000
Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised
in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5).

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of the audited financial statements.

F-3

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO BALANCE SHEET

Note 1 - Description of Organization and Business Operations

Ribbon Acquisition Corp. (the Company)
is a newly incorporated blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on July 17, 2024. The Company was incorporated
for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Company has not selected any potential Business Combination
target and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any
potential Business Combination target.

As of January 16, 2025, the Company had not commenced
any operations. All activity for the period from July 17, 2024 (inception) through January 16, 2025 relates to the Companys formation
and the Initial Public Offering (as defined below). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of
its Initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash
and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering (as defined below). The Company has selected December
31 as its fiscal year end.

The Companys Sponsor is Ribbon Investment
Company Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Sponsor). On January 16, 2025 the Company consummated its Initial Public
Offering of 5,000,000 units at $10.00 per unit (the Units) generating gross proceeds of $50,000,000 (the Initial
Public Offering, or IPO), and incurring offering costs of $3,512,780. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary
share and one right to receive one-seventh of one share of ordinary share. The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase
up to an additional 750,000 Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. As of January 16, 2025, no over-allotment
option was exercised.

Simultaneously with the consummation of the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 220,000 units (the Placement Units) to the
Sponsor at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $2,200,000 (the Private Placement). (see Note 4).

The Company must complete one or more Business
Combinations having a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts
and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for
our initial business combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to
successfully effect a Business Combination.

Following the closing of the IPO on January 16,
2025, an amount of $50,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and a portion of the proceeds
from the sale of the Placement Units was placed in a Trust Account (Trust Account) and will be invested only in U.S. government
treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act and that invest solely in United States government treasuries, so that the Company are not deemed to
be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
that may be released to the Company to pay income or other tax obligations, the proceeds will not be released from the trust account
until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the Companys liquidation. The proceeds held in the trust account
may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which the Company complete a business combination to the extent
not used to pay converting shareholders. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be used to finance
the operations of the target business.

F-4

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO BALANCE SHEET

Note 1 - Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued)

The Company will provide the public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination at a per-
share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior
to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by
the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be $10.0 per public
share. The per share amount the Company will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters.

The Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption
will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Boards (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company
has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder
approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.

The Company will have only 12 months from
the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period) to complete the initial Business Combination. If the
Company has not completed the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject
to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up
to $100,000) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and
the Companys board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Companys
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Companys
initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution from the trust account with respect to their initial
shares upon our winding up, liquidation and subsequent dissolution.

The Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Initial shares and public shares in connection with the completion of
the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Initial shares and public shares in connection
with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to
modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination
or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 12 months from the closing
of this initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their
Initial shares and private shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company
fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame; and (iv) vote any Initial shares held by them
and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately- negotiated transactions)
in favor of the initial Business Combination.

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business
Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the
actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00
per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account
(whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriters of
the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has not
asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has
sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsors only assets are securities of
the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

F-5

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO BALANCE SHEET

Note 1 - Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued)

Going Concern Consideration

As of January 16, 2025, the Company had $710,916
in cash and a working capital of $710,916. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, the Companys liquidity has been satisfied
through the net proceeds from the consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account.

The Company has incurred and expects to continue
to incur significant costs in pursuit of the consummation of an initial Business Combination. In addition, the Company initially has
until January 16, 2026 to consummate the initial Business Combination (assume no extensions). If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the prescribed timeline, the Company will trigger an automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to
the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Notwithstanding managements belief that the Company
would have sufficient funds to execute its business strategy, there is a possibility that business combination might not happen within
the 12-month period from the issuance date of these financial statements. In connection with the Companys assessment of going
concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Boards Accounting Standards Update (ASU)
2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt
about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, management has determined that such additional condition
raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern until the earlier of the consummation of the
Business Combination or the date the Company is required to liquidate. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the Companys inability to consummate the initial Business Combination to continue as a going concern.

Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statements are presented
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP) and pursuant to the
rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Emerging Growth Company Status

The Company is an emerging growth company,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS
Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act
exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make
comparison of the Companys audited financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used.

F-6

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO BALANCE SHEET

Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period.

Making estimates requires management to exercise
significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near
term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash and cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of January 16, 2025, the Company had $50,000,008 in cash held in
the Trust Account.

Offering Costs Associated with the Initial
Public Offering

Offering costs consist principally of professional
and registration fees incurred through the IPO that were directly related to the IPO. The Company complies with the requirements of ASC 340-10-S99-1,
SEC Staff Accounting bulletin Topic 5A Expenses of Offering, and SEC Staff Accounting bulletin Topic 5T Accounting
for Expenses or Liabilities Paid by Principal Stockholder(s). These costs were charged to additional paid-in capital upon completion
of the IPO.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets
and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement (ASC 820), approximates
the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying audited balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

Fair value is defined as the price that would
be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives
the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the
lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The Companys financial instruments are classified as either Level 1,
Level 2 or Level 3. These tiers include:

Level 1, defined
as observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments in active
markets;

Level 2, defined
as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly
observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices
for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and

Level 3, defined
as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity
to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which
one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.

F-7

RIBBON
ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO BALANCE SHEET

Note
2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Derivative Financial Instruments and Over-allotment
Liability

The Company does not use derivative instruments
to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments, to determine
if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 815-15. The classification
of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity and measurement of fair
value is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. In accordance with ASC 825-10 Financial Instruments, offering
costs attributable to the issuance of the overallotment option have been allocated based on their relative fair value of total proceeds
and are recognized in the statement of operations as incurred.

The Company accounts for over-allotment as either
equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the over-allotment options specific terms and
applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC)
480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480) and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815). The assessment
considers whether the over-allotment option are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability
pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the over-allotment option meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including
whether the over-allotment option is indexed to the Companys own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification.
This assessment is conducted at the time of over-allotment option issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while
the over-allotment option are outstanding.

For over-allotment option that meet all of the
criteria for equity classification, they are recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For over-allotment
that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, they are required to be recorded as a liability at their initial fair value
on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the over-allotment option are
recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations.

The Company accounted for the over-allotment
option (Note 8) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. The over-allotment are not considered indexed to the Companys
own ordinary shares, and as such, they do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and are recorded as liabilities.

Income Taxes

The Company follows the asset and liability method
of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes (ASC 740). Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the audited financial statements carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included
the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be
realized.

ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and
a measurement attribute for the audited financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by
taxing authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Companys major tax jurisdiction.
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of January 16, 2025,
there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any
issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Companys
management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman
Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing
requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys tax provision was zero for the period presented.

F-8

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO BALANCE SHEET

Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption

The Company accounts for its Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
(ASC 480). Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) will be classified as a liability instrument and will be measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Companys control)
will be classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares will be classified as stockholders equity. In accordance
with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classified the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the
redemption provisions are not solely within the control of the Company. Given that the 5,000,000 Class A ordinary shares (or 5,750,000
Class A ordinary shares if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) sold as part of the units in the
IPO will be issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., rights), the initial carrying value of Class A ordinary shares classified
as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. If it is probable that the equity instrument
will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date
of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption
date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of
the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes in
redemption value as a charge against retained earnings or, in the absence of retained earnings, as a charge against additional paid-in-capital.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys audited financial
statements.

Note 3 - Initial Public Offering

On January 16, 2025, the Company consummated
its IPO of 5,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $50,000,000. The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day
option to purchase up to an additional 750,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments. As of January 16, 2025, the over-allotment
option was exercised, generating gross proceeds of $7,500,000 and deposited into the Trust Account.

Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and
consists of one ordinary share (Public Share) and one right (Public Right) to receive one-seventh (1/7) of
an ordinary share upon the consummation of the initial business combination.

As of January 16, 2025, the Company incurred
offering costs of approximately $1,512,780, consisting of $1,000,000 of underwriting commissions which were paid in cash at the closing
date of the IPO, and $512,780 of other offering costs.

Meanwhile, pursuant the underwriting agreement,
4.0% of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or $2,000,000, will be paid in cash, as the deferred underwriting commission at the consummation
of a Business Combination.

Note 4 - Private Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the
Sponsor, together with such other members, if any of the Companys executive management, directors, advisors or third-party investors
as determined by the Sponsor in its sole direction, purchased an aggregate of 220,000 Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Placement
Unit raising $2,200,000 in the aggregate.

Each private units (Private Units)
will be identical to the units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that it will not be redeemable, transferable, assignable or
salable by the Sponsor until the completion of its initial Business Combination. There will be no underwriting fees or commissions due
with respect to the Private Placement.

F-9

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO BALANCE SHEET

Note 5 - Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares

On July 31, 2024, the Sponsor acquired 1,437,500
Class B ordinary shares (Founder Shares) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share.
There were 1,437,500 Founder Shares issued and outstanding, among which, up to 187,500 Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture if the
underwriters over-allotment is not exercised. On January 16, 2025, the Sponsor surrendered to the Company for cancellation
187,500 shares of Class A ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in the Sponsor owning 1,250,000 shares of Class A ordinary
shares (up to 187,500 shares of which were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is
not exercised). The surrender was effective retroactively.

The Companys initial shareholders have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof
until the earlier to occur of: (i) 180 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which
the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that
results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial shareholders with respect to any
Founder Shares (the lock-up). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the last reported sale price of the Companys
ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 90 days after the initial
Business Combination or (2) if the Company complete a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in all of
the shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash (as would be the case in a post-asset sale liquidation) or another
issuers shares, then Insider Shares or the Private Units (or any shares of ordinary shares thereunder) shall be permitted to participate.

Promissory Note - Related Party

The Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up
to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured
and due at the earlier of i) March 31, 2025 or ii) the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Company had borrowed $274,941 under
the Promissory Note with the Sponsor for its IPO. Shortly after completion of the IPO, such amount was fully repaid. 

Working Capital Loans

In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds
as may be required. If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that
the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account
to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $300,000 of such working
capital loans (Working Capital Loans) made by the Sponsor, prior to or in connection with its initial Business Combination
may be convertible into unitsof the post-business combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of our sponsor.

As of January 16, 2025, the Company had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans.

Administrative Support Services

Commencing on the effective date of the registration
statement of the Initial Public Offering, the Company has agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for
office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of its initial Business Combination or its liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees.

F-10

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO BALANCE SHEET

Note 6 - Commitments and Contingencies

Registration Rights

The holders of initial shares issued and outstanding
on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the private units (and underlying securities) and any securities issued to
initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to the Company, will be entitled
to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority
of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that the Company registers such securities. The holders of the majority of
the initial shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the end of the Lock-up
period. The holders of a majority of the private units (and underlying securities) and securities issued in payment of working capital
loans (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a business
combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day
option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 750,000 Units to cover over-allotments, if any.

The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of two percent (2%) of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or $1,000,000 (or up to $1,150,000 if the underwriters
over-allotment is exercised in full). Additionally, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 4% of the
gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

In addition, the underwriter has agreed (i) to
waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of its initial Business Combination, and (ii)
to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete
its initial Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or up to two times, each by an
additional three months (or up to 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, if the Company extends the period of
time to consummate a Business Combination).

F-11

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO BALANCE SHEET

Note 7 - Shareholders Equity

Ordinary shares

Class A Ordinary SharesThe
Company is authorized to issue a total of 450,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. As of January 16, 2025,
the Company had issued 220,000 ordinary shares to the Sponsor.

Class B Ordinary SharesThe
Company is authorized to issue a total of 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. As of January 16, 2025,
the Company issued 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares to its Sponsor for $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share. The Founder
Shares include an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters
in full.

The Founder Shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination or
earlier at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in this offering and related to or in connection
with the closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares
will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect
to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary
shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the sum of (i) the total number of all Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion
of this offering (including any Class A ordinary shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and excluding
the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private units issued to the sponsor), plus (ii) all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of the initial business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement-equivalent units issued
to our sponsor or any of its affiliates or to our officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans) minus (iii) any redemptions
of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders in connection with an initial business combination; provided that such conversion of
initial shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

Shareholders of record are entitled to one vote
for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Unless specified in the Companys amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands
law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company is
generally required to approve any matter voted on by the shareholders. Approval of certain actions require a special resolution under
Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the ordinary shares who attend and vote
at a general meeting of the Company, and pursuant to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
such actions include amending the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory
merger or consolidation with another company.

Rights

As of January 16, 2025, there were 714,286 public
rights and 31,429 private rights include in the Placement Units outstanding. Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company
in a business combination, each holder of a right will receive one-seventh (1/7) of an ordinary share (the Rights) upon
consummation of the initial business combination. In the event the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial
business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the
one-seventh (1/7) of a share of the Company underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination unless otherwise waived
in the course of the business combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon exchange of rights. No additional consideration will
be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of a business combination. Fractional
shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of
Cayman Law. If the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the required time period and the Company liquidates
the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they
receive any distribution from the Companys assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights
will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon
consummation of an initial Business Combination. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless.

Note 8 - Fair Value Measurements

Over-allotment liabilities are measured at fair
value on January 16, 2025, and indicates the Level 3 fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such
fair value. The over-allotment option was accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within liabilities
on the balance sheet. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair
value presented within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the statement of operations. The overallotment liability is measured
at fair value at inception and then expires in 45 days.

Note 9 - Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions
that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the audited financial statements were available to be issued. The Company
did not identify any subsequent events that would require adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

F-12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ribbu-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ribbu-20250116_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ribbu-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value per share, and one Right 

Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Class A ordinary share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ribbu-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42474

Entity Registrant Name RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP

Entity Central Index Key 0002035016

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001

Entity Address, Address Line Two 6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku

Entity Address, City or Town Shinjuku-ku Tokyo

Entity Address, Country JP

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 160-0023

City Area Code +81

Local Phone Number 9085083462

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value per share, and one Right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value per share, and one Right

Trading Symbol RIBBU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol RIBB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Class A ordinary share 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Class A ordinary share

Trading Symbol RIBBR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RIBBU_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValuePerShareAndOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RIBBU_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RIBBU_RightsEachEntitlingHolderToReceiveOneseventh17OfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ribbonacq.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0228494-8k_ribbon.htm 
ribbu-20250116.xsd 
ribbu-20250116_def.xml 
ribbu-20250116_lab.xml 
ribbu-20250116_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-005999-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0228494-8k_ribbon_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002035016 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0002035016 

RIBBU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValuePerShareAndOneRightMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0002035016 

RIBBU:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0002035016 

RIBBU:RightsEachEntitlingHolderToReceiveOneseventh17OfOneClassOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002035016 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP 
E9 
001-42474 
Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001 
6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku 
Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 
JP 
160-0023 
+81 
9085083462 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value per share, and one Right 
RIBBU 
NASDAQ 
Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
RIBB 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Class A ordinary share 
RIBBR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>