<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001174947-25-000300.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0001174947-25-000300.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250306161943
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-25-000300
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVI INDUSTRIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000065312
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				112014231
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14757
		FILM NUMBER:		25715533

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 BISCAYNE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 340
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3054029300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 BISCAYNE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 340
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EnviroStar, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100514

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DRYCLEAN USA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METRO TEL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k-33751_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000006531200000653122025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

_________________________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

_________________________________

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): February 28, 2025

EVI Industries, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation
or organization) 

001-14757

(Commission File Number) 

11-2014231

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

4500 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 340

Miami, Florida

(Address of principal executive offices) 

33137

(Zip Code)

(305)402-9300

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $.025 par value EVI NYSE American

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction
A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 28, 2025, EVI Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with Girbau North America Inc., a Wisconsin corporation (GNA), and Girbau S.A., a Spanish Sociedad Anonima (the Seller).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company will purchase from the Seller all of the issued and outstanding shares of GNA common stock
(the Stock Purchase). Following the Stock Purchase, GNA will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

Subject to certain working capital and other adjustments,
the purchase price for the Stock Purchase will be approximately $43,000,000, of which $4,355,000 will be deposited in an escrow account
for no less than 15 months after the date of the closing of the Stock Purchase (subject to extension in certain circumstances).

The Purchase Agreement contains representations, warranties
and covenants customary for a transaction of its size and nature. Subject to certain limitations, the Seller and the Buyer have agreed
to indemnify each other for breaches of representations, warranties and covenants and other specified matters.

The Purchase Agreement contains certain termination
rights for the Company, on the one hand, and the Seller, on the other hand, including, but not limited to, and (i) by mutual written agreement;
and (ii) if the closing has not occurred on or before May 31, 2025. From the date of the Purchase Agreement until the closing of the Stock
Purchase, GNA is required to conduct the business in the ordinary course of business in all material respects and to comply with certain
covenants regarding the operation of its business.

The Company expects the closing of the Stock Purchase
to occur within 30 days, subject to certain closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the accuracy of the representations
and warranties of the parties; and (ii) the parties performance and compliance in all material respects with the agreements and
covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement
is a summary and does not purport to be complete, and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Purchase Agreement,
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The Purchase Agreement contains representations and
warranties made by the parties as of specific dates and solely for their benefit. The representations and warranties reflect negotiations
between the parties and are not intended as statements of fact to be relied upon by the Companys stockholders or any other person
or entity other than the parties to the Purchase Agreement, and in certain cases, represent allocation decisions among the parties and
are modified or qualified by correspondence or confidential disclosures made between the parties in connection with the negotiation of
the Purchase Agreement (which disclosures are not reflected in the Purchase Agreement itself, may not be true as of any date other than
the date made, or may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material by stockholders).
Accordingly, the representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs at the date they were made or at any other
time, and stockholders should not rely on them as statements of fact. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations
and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

2.1* Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 28, 2025, by and among EVI Industries, Inc., Girbau North America Inc. and Girbau S.A.

99.1 Press release of EVI Industries, Inc., dated March 3, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document)

* Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with
Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of this exhibit to the Securities
and Exchange Commission upon its request

Forward Looking Statements 

Except for the historical matters contained herein,
statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K are forward-looking and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may
cause actual results, trends, performance or achievements of the Company, or industry trends and results, to differ from the future results,
trends, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among
others, that the proposed acquisition of GNA may not be accretive to the Companys earnings or otherwise have a positive impact
on the Companys operating results or financial condition to the extent anticipated or at all, integration risks, risks related
to the business, operations and prospects of GNA and the Company plans with respect thereto, the risk that the conditions to closing the
proposed acquisition may not be satisfied and that the proposed acquisition may not otherwise be consummated when expected, in accordance
with the contemplated terms, or at all, and the risks related to the Companys operations, results, financial condition, financial
resources, and growth strategy, including the Companys ability to find and complete other acquisition or merger opportunities,
and the impact of any such acquisitions or mergers on the Companys operations, results and financial condition. Reference is also
made to other economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other risks and factors discussed in the Companys filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, those disclosed in the Risk Factors section
of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on September 12, 2024, as
amended by its Annual Reports on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on September 13, 2024 and October
25, 2024. Many of these risks and factors are beyond the Companys control. In addition, past performance and perceived trends may
not be indicative of future results. The Company cautions that the foregoing factors are not exclusive. The reader should not place undue
reliance on any forward-looking statement, which speaks only as of the date made. The Company does not undertake to, and specifically
disclaims any obligation to, update or supplement any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of changes in circumstances, new
information, subsequent events or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

EVI INDUSTRIES, INC.

Dated: March 6, 2025 By: /s/ Robert H. Lazar

Robert H. Lazar

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX2-1.HTM
<TEXT>
EXECUTION COPY

STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

By and Among

GIRBAU NORTH AMERICA, INC., 

GIRBAU S.A.,

on the one hand,

and

EVI INDUSTRIES, INC.,

on the other hand

Dated as of February 28, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.1 Certain Defined Terms 1

ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE 12

Section 2.1 Purchase and Sale of the Shares 12

Section 2.2 Purchase Price. 12

Section 2.3 Adjustment of Closing Cash Payment. 14

Section 2.4 Account Receivable. 16

Section 2.5 Collection of Notes Receivable 16

Section 2.6 Closing 16

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 18

Section 3.1 Authority. 18

Section 3.2 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents. 19

Section 3.3 Brokers 19

Section 3.4 Adequate Knowledge 20

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE COMPANy 20

Section 4.1 Organization 20

Section 4.2 Authority 20

Section 4.3 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents 20

Section 4.4 Capitalization 21

Section 4.5 Subsidiaries 22

Section 4.6 Financial Statements; No Undisclosed Liabilities; Projections 22

Section 4.7 Undisclosed Liabilities 23

Section 4.8 Absence of Certain Changes or Events 23

Section 4.9 Compliance with Law; Permits 24

Section 4.10 Litigation 24

Section 4.11 Employee Benefit Plans 24

Section 4.12 Employment Matters 27

Section 4.13 Title to, Sufficiency and Condition of Assets 28

Section 4.14 Real Property 28

Section 4.15 Intellectual Property 31

Section 4.16 Taxes 31

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Section 4.17 Environmental Matters 33

Section 4.18 Material Contracts 34

Section 4.19 Affiliate Transactions 34

Section 4.20 Insurance 34

Section 4.21 Brokers 35

Section 4.22 Suppliers 35

Section 4.23 Customers 35

Section 4.24 Accounts Receivable 35

Section 4.25 Prohibited Transactions 35

Section 4.26 Bank Accounts 36

Section 4.27 Indebtedness 36

Section 4.28 Accounts Payable 36

Section 4.29 Installation Costs 36

Section 4.30 Disclosure 36

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 36

Section 5.1 Organization 36

Section 5.2 Authority 37

Section 5.3 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents 37

Section 5.4 SEC Documents 37

Section 5.5 Legal Proceedings 38

Section 5.6 Brokers 38

Section 5.7 No knowledge of Claims 38

Section 5.8 Certainty of Funds 38

ARTICLE VI COVENANTS 38

Section 6.1 Conduct of Business 38

Section 6.2 Restrictions on Business 39

Section 6.3 Access to Information and Nondisclosure 41

Section 6.4 Regulatory and Other Approvals 41

Section 6.5 No Shop 41

Section 6.6 Non-Solicitation. 42

Section 6.7 Non-Competition. 44

Section 6.8 Confidentiality 45

ii

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Section 6.9 Encumbrances 45

Section 6.10 Business Relationships 45

Section 6.11 Public Announcements 45

Section 6.12 2024 Audited Financial Statements 45

Section 6.13 Employees 45

Section 6.14 Excluded Assets 46

Section 6.15 Girbau Corporate Name 46

Section 6.16 Continental Name 46

Section 6.17 Systems and Data 46

Section 6.18 Group Level Agreements 47

Section 6.19 Tail Insurance 47

Section 6.20 Company Employees 47

Section 6.21 Further Assurances 47

ARTICLE VII TAX MATTERS 48

Section 7.1 Tax Covenants. 48

Section 7.2 Termination of Existing Tax Sharing Agreements 48

Section 7.3 Tax Indemnification 48

Section 7.4 Straddle Period 49

Section 7.5 Cooperation and Exchange of Information 49

Section 7.6 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments 49

Section 7.7 Survival 49

Section 7.8 Overlap 49

ARTICLE VIII CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 50

Section 8.1 General Conditions 50

Section 8.2 Conditions to Obligations of Seller 50

Section 8.3 Conditions to Obligations of Buyer 50

ARTICLE IX INDEMNIFICATION 50

Section 9.1 Survival 50

Section 9.2 Indemnification by Seller 51

Section 9.3 Indemnification by Buyer 51

Section 9.4 Indemnification Procedures 52

Section 9.5 Tax Matters 53

iii

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Section 9.6 Disclosure and Buyers Knowledge 53

Section 9.7 Limitations on Indemnification 54

Section 9.8 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments 54

Section 9.9 Exclusive Remedies 54

ARTICLE X 54

Section 10.1 Termination 54

Section 10.2 Effect of Termination 55

ARTICLE XI GENERAL PROVISIONS 55

Section 11.1 Fees and Expenses 55

Section 11.2 Amendment and Modification 55

Section 11.3 Waiver 55

Section 11.4 Notices 55

Section 11.5 Interpretation 56

Section 11.6 Entire Agreement 56

Section 11.7 No Third-Party Beneficiaries 57

Section 11.8 Governing Law 57

Section 11.9 Submission to Jurisdiction 57

Section 11.10 Assignment; Successors 57

Section 11.11 Severability 57

Section 11.12 Counterparts 57

Section 11.13 No Presumption Against Drafting Party 58

Section 11.14 Specific Performance 58

iv

Exhibits

Exhibit A Master Distribution Agreement 
Commercial

Exhibit B Industrial Distribution Agreement

Exhibit C Escrow Agreement

Exhibit D Facility Lease

Exhibit E Sublease Agreement

Exhibit F Noncompetition Agreement

Exhibit G License Agreement

Exhibit H Example Calculation of Closing Working
Capital

Exhibit I Estimated Closing Date Statement

Exhibit J Final Closing Date Statement

v

STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

STOCK
PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of February 28, 2025 (this Agreement), by and among Girbau North America Inc., a Wisconsin
corporation (the Company), and Girbau S.A., a Spanish Sociedad Anonima (Seller), on the one
hand, and EVI Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Buyer), on the other hand.

RECITALS

A. Seller
owns all of the issued and outstanding shares (the Shares) of common stock, without par value (the Common
Stock), of the Company. In turn, the Company owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of its Subsidiaries.

B. The
Company and its Subsidiaries (a) sell, distribute, broker, rent, lease, finance and supply new, used and rebuilt equipment, parts, accessories
and supplies and provides installation, maintenance, service and repairs with respect to commercial, industrial, and vended laundry and
dry-cleaning equipment, rail and conveyor equipment, steam and hot water boilers and heaters, and water reuse and recycling systems, (b)
design and plan commercial, industrial and vended laundry, dry-cleaning, rail, boiler and water systems, (c) construct, build, and install
turnkey industrial, commercial and vended laundries, dry-cleaning plants and facilities, (d) engage in the sale of equipment and parts
through e-commerce, and (d) engage in the laundry route business where they sell, rent, lease, fee-split, provide, and pay commissions
to customers, owners, and users in the multi-family housing markets and other laundry markets for vended laundry equipment and related
products (collectively the Business).

D. Seller
wishes to sell to Buyer, and Buyer wishes to purchase from Seller, the Shares.

E. Simultaneously
with the Closing and as a condition and a significant inducement to Buyers willingness to enter into this Agreement and consummate
the Transactions, Buyer and Seller will enter into the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial and the Industrial Distribution
Agreement on the terms and conditions described therein.

AGREEMENT

In consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1 Certain Defined Terms.
For purposes of this Agreement:

2023 Balance Sheet has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(b).

2023 Balance Sheet Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(b).

2024 Audited Financial Statements
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.12.

Accounts Receivable means
the accounts receivable of the Company as set forth on Section 1.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedules and as may be amended prior to
Closing to reflect any changes to the accounts receivable of the Company in the ordinary course of Business.

Action means any claim,
action, suit, inquiry, proceeding, audit or investigation by or before any Governmental Authority, or any other arbitration, mediation
or similar proceeding.

Affiliate means, with respect
to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such Person. The term control (including the terms controlled by and under common
control with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Agreement has the meaning
set forth in the Preamble.

Ancillary Agreements means
the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial, the Industrial Distribution Agreement, the Escrow Agreement, the Facility Lease,
the Sublease Agreement, the Noncompetition Agreement, the License Agreement and all other agreements, documents and instruments required
to be delivered by any party pursuant to this Agreement, and any other agreements, documents or instruments entered into at or prior to
the Closing in connection with this Agreement or the Transactions.

Audited Financial
Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a).

Business
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Business Combination
means, with respect to any Person, any merger, consolidation or combination to which such Person is a party, any sale, dividend, split
or other disposition of capital stock or other equity interests of such Person or any sale, dividend or other disposition of a material
portion of the assets of such Person except for the Carveout.

Business Day means a day
other than Saturday, Sunday or any day on which banks located in Miami, Florida are authorized or obligated to close.

Buyer has the meaning set
forth in Preamble.

Buyer Group has the meaning
set forth in Section 6.7(a).

Buyers Knowledge
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.6.

Buyer Stock means shares
of common stock, par value $0.025 per share, of Buyer.

Cap has the meaning set
forth in Section 9.7.

Cares Act means the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020, Public Law Number 116-136, and any successor legislation.

Carveout
means (i) the real estate asset located at 2500 State Road 44, Oshkosh, WI 54904 and (ii) the rights to the trademarks set forth
in Section 6.14 of the Disclosure Schedules.

Cash means, as at a specified
date, all cash, certificates of deposit, bank deposits, negotiable instruments, marketable securities and other cash equivalents of the
Company and its Subsidiaries.

Closing has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.7(a).

Closing Date has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.7(a).

2

Closing Cash Payment has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).

Closing Balance Sheet has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a).

Closing Indebtedness means
the Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date.

Closing Transaction Expenses
means the Transaction Expenses of the Company, its Subsidiaries and Seller, without giving effect to the Closing.

Closing Working Capital
means: (a) the Current Assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, less (b) the Current Liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
in each case, as of the Closing Date and calculated in accordance with GAAP and consistent with the Exhibit H hereof. For the avoidance
of doubt, Closing Indebtedness and Closing Transaction Expenses shall be excluded from the calculation of Closing Working Capital.

Code means the United States
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the United States Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.

Common Stock has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.

Company Data shall mean
all data and information related to Company or the Business that is stored within Sellers Microsoft 365 tenant environment and/or
the Salesforce environment and any other data or information provided to Seller by Company or Buyer in connection with this Agreement
or generated by or on behalf of Company or Buyer after Closing that relates to the Company, Buyer, and/or the Business.

Contract means any contract,
agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether written or oral and whether express or implied.

Current Assets means accounts
receivable, inventory (determined on a FIFO basis), prepaid expenses, current portion of notes receivable, and prepaid income taxes, but
excluding (a) the portion of any prepaid expense of which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will not receive the benefit following
the Closing; (b) deferred tax assets (if any); (c) accounts receivables that are not collected within 90 days after the Closing Date;
(d)(i)(1) twenty five percent (25%) of the book value (as set forth on the Closing Balance Sheet) of equipment inventory of the Company
and its Subsidiaries at Closing that is over one (1) year old and equal to or less than two (2) years old, (2) thirty five percent (35%)
of the book value (as set forth on the Closing Balance Sheet) of equipment inventory of the Company and its Subsidiaries at Closing that
is over (2) years old and equal or less than three (3) years old, and (3) fifty percent (50%) of the book value (as set forth on the Closing
Balance Sheet) of equipment inventory of the Company and its Subsidiaries at Closing that is over three (3) years old, (ii) parts and
supplies inventory of the Company and its Subsidiaries greater than three (3) years old (unless mutually agreed otherwise by Seller and
Buyer), (iii) obsolete and/or damaged equipment and/or parts inventory of the Company and its Subsidiaries at Closing and (iv) used equipment
and/or used parts of the Company and its Subsidiaries; and (e) receivables from any of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries
Affiliates, managers, employees, officers or members and any of their respective Affiliates, in each case determined in accordance with
GAAP applied using the same accounting methods, practices, principles, policies and procedures, with consistent classifications, judgments
and valuation and estimation methodologies that were used in the preparation of the Financial Statements and calculated in a manner consistent
with Exhibit H, Exhibit I and Exhibit J hereof.

3

Current Liabilities
means current liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including accounts payable, current lease liability-operating,
current portion of warranty reserve, other current liabilities, and Closing Transaction Expense (unless paid by Seller at or prior to
Closing), but excluding items included in the calculation of Closing Indebtedness, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP applied
using the same accounting methods, practices, principles, policies and procedures, with consistent classifications, judgments and valuation
and estimation methodologies that were used in the preparation of the Financial Statements and calculated in a manner consistent with
Exhibit H, Exhibit I and Exhibit J hereof.

Customer Deposits means
customer deposits or prepayments of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including (i) prepayments made by customers in connection with confirmed
and/or unfulfilled equipment sales orders, if any, (ii) prepayment made by customers in connection with confirmed and unfulfilled parts,
accessory and/or supply orders, and (iii) any other form of customer prepayments for unfiled sales and/or service orders, in each case,
as of the Closing Date calculated in accordance with the methods set forth in this Agreement as set forth on Exhibit H, Exhibit
I and Exhibit J hereof.

Data
Room means the Project Yeti virtual data room managed by Microsoft SharePoint Online.

Data
Room Documentation means all information and documentation contained in the Data Room which information and documentation
is set forth in Section 1.1(b) of the of the Disclosure Schedules.

Decrease Amount has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.4(c)(i).

Disclosed Information means:

(a) the
Data Room Documentation; and

(b) this
Agreement and each other Ancillary Document.

Direct Claim has the meaning
set forth in Section 9.4(c).

Disputed Amounts has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a)(ii).

Dollars or $
means the lawful currency of the United States

Effective Time has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.7(a).

Employees means those Persons
employed by the Company and its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Closing, including those on vacation, taking approved time off or
on any other leave of absence or on a disability with the legal or contractual right to return to employment, as set forth in Section
4.12(c) of the of the Disclosure Schedules

Encumbrance means any charge,
claim, limitation, condition, equitable interest, mortgage, lien, option, pledge, security interest, easement, encroachment, right of
first refusal, adverse claim or restriction of any kind, including any restriction on or transfer or other assignment, as security or
otherwise, of or relating to use, quiet enjoyment, voting, transfer, receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership.

4

Environment or Environmental
means all air, surface water, groundwater, or land, including land surface or subsurface, including all fish, wildlife, biota and all
other natural resources.

Environmental Law means
any and all Laws relating to health and safety or the Environment. Environmental Laws include but are not limited to the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., as amended
by the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and otherwise; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and
Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), 7 U.S.C. 136 et seq., as amended; the Solid Waste Disposal Act (SWDA),
92 U.S.C. 6901 et seq., as amended; the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. 5101 et seq., as amended;
the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq., as amended; the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401
et seq., as amended; the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. 1401 et seq., as amended; the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA),
15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., as amended; the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. 651 et seq., as amended;
and any and all comparable state or local Laws.

Equity Securities means,
if a Person is a corporation, shares of capital stock of such corporation and, if a Person is a form of entity other than a corporation,
ownership interests in such form of entity, whether membership interests or partnership interests, and in either case any options, warrants,
or any other interests convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for the purchase of any Equity Securities.

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that would be treated at the relevant time together with the Company as a single
employer within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code.

Escrow Agent means U.S.
Bank National Association, a national banking association.

Escrow Agreement means
the Escrow Agreement to be entered into by Buyer, Seller and the Escrow Agent, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Escrow Amount means Four
Million Three Hundred Fifty-Five Thousand Dollars ($4,355,000).

Exchange Act means the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Estimated Closing Cash Payment
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).

Estimated Closing Date Statement
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).

Facility Lease means the
Facility Lease to be entered into by Girbau Industrial Inc. and the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

Final Closing
Cash Payment means the Closing Cash Payment, as finally determined in accordance with Section 2.4 hereof.

Final Closing Date Statement
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(b).

Financial Statements has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a).

5

FIFO means first-in first-out
method of accounting defined as an inventory valuation method where a business assumes that the first goods purchased or produced are
the first ones sold.

Fundamental Representations
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

GAAP means United States
generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied throughout the specified period and in the immediately prior comparable
period.

Governmental Authority
means any federal, state, local or foreign government or political subdivision thereof, or any agency or instrumentality of such government
or political subdivision, or any self-regulated organization or other non-governmental regulatory authority or quasi-governmental authority
(to the extent that the rules, regulations or orders of such organization or authority have the force of Law), or any arbitrator, court
or tribunal of competent jurisdiction.

Hazardous Substance means
perchloroethylene, petroleum, petroleum hydrocarbons or petroleum products, petroleum by-products, radioactive materials, asbestos or
asbestos-containing materials, gasoline, diesel fuel, pesticides, radon, urea formaldehyde, lead or lead-containing materials, polychlorinated
biphenyls; and any other chemicals, materials, substances or wastes in any amount or concentration which are now included in the definition
of hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous wastes, extremely hazardous wastes,
restricted hazardous wastes, toxic substances, toxic pollutants, pollutants, regulated
substances, solid wastes, or contaminants or words of similar import, under any Environmental Law,
in each case to the extent in excess of amounts or concentrations permitted by applicable Environmental Law.

Immediate Family means,
with respect to any specified Person such Persons spouse, parents, children, grandparents, grandchildren and siblings, including
adoptive relationships and relationships through marriage, or any other relative of such Person that shares such Persons home.

Indebtedness means as to
any Person at any time (and without duplication): (a) monetary obligations of such Person for borrowed money; (b) obligations of such
Person evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or other similar instruments; (c) monetary obligations of such Person to pay the deferred
purchase price of property or services (other than accrued expenses and trade accounts payable of such Person arising in the ordinary
course of business), including all seller notes, earn-out payments and other similar obligations, whether or not matured;
(d) monetary capitalized lease obligations of such Person; (e) monetary obligations of such Person to guarantee another Persons
Indebtedness; (f) monetary obligations secured by an Encumbrance existing on any property or asset owned by such Person; (g) reimbursement
obligations of such Person relating to letters of credit, bankers acceptances, surety or other bonds or similar instruments; (g)
net payment obligations of such Person under any interest rate swap, currency exchange or other hedging Contract; (h) obligations of such
Person relating to severance payments to directors, officers and employees, sale bonuses, retention payments and any other change-of-control
or similar obligations, in each case, in existence as of the Closing Date and solely to the extent due and payable by such Person as a
result of the consummation of the Transactions; and (i) all accrued interests, fees, premiums, penalties and other amounts due and owing
in respect of any of the obligations described in the foregoing clauses assuming for purposes of determining the amount thereof that the
applicable Indebtedness were to be repaid as of the Closing Date, Indebtedness shall not include (i) any liabilities to
the extent they are taken into account in the calculation of Working Capital (as finally determined), (ii) long term warranty reserve,
(iii) long-term facility lease liabilities, (iv) deferred compensation liability, (v) income taxes payable and (vi) deferred income tax
liability; provided in each case, such liabilities are administered consist with past practices of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Increase Amount has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.4(c)(ii).

6

Indemnified Party has the
meaning set forth in Section 9.4.

Indemnifying Party has
the meaning set forth in Section 9.4.

Independent Accountant
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(c)(iii).

Industrial Distribution Agreement
means the Industrial Distribution Agreement to be entered into by Buyer, Seller and the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit B

Improvements has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.14(d).

Insolvency
Event means with respect to Buyer, a voluntary case or proceeding has been commenced under any applicable federal, state or
foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated as bankrupt or
insolvent, or the consent by Buyer to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of Buyer in an involuntary
case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the
commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking
reorganization or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to
the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official
of Buyer or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the execution
of a composition of debts, or the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking
of corporate action by Buyer in furtherance of any such action.

Intellectual Property means
(a) all trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, product names and slogans both registered and unregistered, and any common
law rights and good will appurtenant thereto, and all applications and registrations thereof; (b) all copyrights in copyrightable works
and all other ownership rights in any works of authorship, any derivations thereof and all moral rights appurtenant thereto and all applications
and registrations thereof; (c) all registered, reserved and unregistered domain names, uniform resource locators and keywords; (d) all
computer and electronic data, documentation and software, including both source and object code, computer and database applications and
operating programs; (e) all rights relating to the use of any name, image or likeness of any Person or the portrayal of a Person, either
individually or together with others; (f) all trade secrets and confidential business, technical and proprietary information, including
ideas, research notes, development notes, know-how, residuals, formulas, business methods and techniques, supplier lists, and marketing,
financial and pricing data; (g) the right to sue both in equity and for past, present and future damages of any or all of the foregoing;
(h) all existing copies and tangible embodiments of any or all of the foregoing, in whatever form or medium; (i) all right, title and
interest (free and clear) in and to the Companys website(s), including without limitation, the framework and infrastructure of
such website(s), the layout design and the look and feel thereof, all related software, source code and object code, all
CGI, HTML, XML or other coding, all scripts and applets, all web graphics and data, all navigational buttons, all server configurations,
and any and all attendant intellectual property rights therein; and (j) all other intellectual property rights relating to any or all
of the foregoing including any renewals, continuations or extensions thereof.

Interim Balance Sheet has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(b).

Interim Balance Sheet Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(b).

Interim Financial Statements
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a).

7

Inventory means all inventory,
including raw and packing materials, work-in-progress, finished goods, equipment, supplies, parts and similar items of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries.

IT
Systems has the meaning set forth in Section 6.17.

Knowledge of the Company or Companys
Knowledge or any other similar knowledge qualification, means the actual knowledge of any current officer or director of the
Company after due inquiry.

Law
or Laws means all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and other pronouncements having the effect of law
of the United States, any foreign country or any domestic or foreign state, county, city or other political subdivision or of any Governmental
Authority.

Leased Real Property has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.14(b).

License Agreement means
the License Agreement to be entered into by Seller and the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G.

Licensed Intellectual Property
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.15(a).

Lock-Up Period has the
meaning set forth in Section 6.19(a).

Losses has the meaning
set forth in Section 9.2.

Master Distribution Agreement 
Commercial means the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial to be entered into by Buyer, Seller and the Company,
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Material Adverse Effect
means (a) with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries (considered as a whole), the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, or
liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries (including contingent liabilities), (i) a change in (or effect on) the condition (financial
or otherwise) properties, assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries or liabilities (including contingent liabilities), rights, obligations,
system of internal controls, operations, operating results or business (including, without limitation, the Companys and its Subsidiaries
equipment sales pipeline and equipment sales backlog), which change (or effect) is materially adverse to the financial condition, properties,
assets or liabilities, rights, obligations, system of internal controls, operations, operating results or business (including, without
limitation, the Companys and its Subsidiaries equipment sales pipeline and equipment sales backlog) of the Company and its
Subsidiaries; or (ii) a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Seller to consummate the Transactions,
and (b) with respect to Buyer, a material adverse effect on its ability to consummate the Transactions; provided, however, that with respect
to the Company and its Subsidiaries, Material Adverse Effect shall not include any event, occurrence, fact, condition or
change, directly or indirectly, arising out of or attributable to: (i) general economic or political conditions; (ii) conditions generally
affecting the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operates; (iii) any changes in financial or securities markets in general;
(iv) acts of war (whether or not declared), armed hostilities or terrorism, or the escalation or worsening thereof; (v) any action required
or permitted by this Agreement; (vi) any changes in applicable Laws or accounting rules, including GAAP; or (vii) the public announcement,
pendency or completion of the Transactions; provided further, however, that any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change referred
to in clauses (i) through (iv) immediately above shall be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred
or could reasonably be expected to occur to the extent that such event, occurrence, fact, condition or change has a disproportionate effect
on the Company and its Subsidiaries compared to other participants in the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries conduct
the Business. References to the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be taken as a whole.

8

Material Breach has the
meaning set forth in Section 10.1(c).

Material Contract means
the Contracts listed on Section 4.18 of the of the Disclosure Schedules.

Minimum Cash Amount means
cash in an amount equal to Customer Deposits.

Minimum Working Capital
means Working Capital of at least Twenty-Four Million Dollars ($24,000,000).

Non-Competition Agreement
means the non-competition agreements, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit F, to be executed by the individual listed
Section 1.1(d) of the Disclosure Schedules.

Non-Competition Restricted Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.8(a).

Non-Solicitation Restriction Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7(a).

Notes
Receivable means amounts due under notes receivable, as illustrated in Exhibit H, Exhibit I and Exhibit
J hereof.

Owned Intellectual Property
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.15(b).

Owned Real Property has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.14(a).

Order means any order,
award, decision, injunction, judgment, ruling, decree, charge, writ, subpoena or verdict entered, issued, made or rendered by any Governmental
Entity or arbitrator.

Organizational Documents
means, with respect to any Person which is not a natural person, the organizational documents of such Person, as amended to the date in
question. The term Organizational Documents includes articles or certificates of incorporation, by-laws, agreements or certificates of
limited or general partnership, agreements or certificates of limited liability companies or partnerships, joint venture agreements, and
other similar documents pertaining to the governance and organization of the Person in question (including those pertaining to any trust).

Permits
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(a)(iv).

Person
means any natural person, corporation, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, limited liability partnership,
proprietorship, joint venture, other business organization, trust, union, association or Governmental Authority of any nature.

Post-Closing Tax Period
means any taxable period beginning after the Closing Date and, with respect to any taxable period beginning before and ending after the
Closing Date, the portion of such taxable period beginning after the Closing Date.

Post-Closing Taxes means
Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries for any Post-Closing Tax Period.

PPACA has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.11(j).

9

Pre-Closing Period has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

Pre-Closing Taxes means
Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries for any Pre-Closing Tax Period

Pre-Closing Tax Period
means any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date and, with respect to any taxable period beginning before and ending after
the Closing Date, the portion of such taxable period ending on and including the Closing Date.

Prohibited Persons has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.7(b).

Purchase Price has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a).

Qualified Benefit Plan
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.11(b).

Real Property means the
Owned Real Property and the Leased Real Property.

Real Property Leases means
all leases or subleases pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party and currently leases or subleases or otherwise
occupies any Leased Real Property.

Related Party, with respect
to any specified Person, means: (i) any Affiliate of such specified Person, or any director, executive officer, general partner or
managing member of such Affiliate; (ii) any Person who serves or within the past three years has served as a director, executive
officer, partner, member or in a similar capacity of such specified Person; (iii) any Immediate Family member of a Person described
in clause (ii); or (iv) any other Person who holds, individually or together with any Affiliate of such other Person and any
member(s) of such Persons Immediate Family, more than 5% of the outstanding equity or ownership interests of such specified Person.

Real Property Laws has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.14(f).

Real Property Permits has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.14(h).

Representatives means,
with respect to any Person, the officers, directors, principals, employees, agents, auditors, advisors, bankers and other representatives
of such Person.

Resolution Period has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.4(c)(ii).

Review Period has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.4(c)(i).

Salesforce Development Cost
means Five Hundred Eighty Thousand Dollars ($580,000).

SEC means the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents means all
forms, proxy statements, registration statements, reports, schedules, and other documents filed, or required to be filed, by Buyer with
the SEC pursuant to the Securities Laws

Securities Act means the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and any successor Laws.

Securities Laws means the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

10

Seller has the meaning
set forth in the Preamble.

Seller Shares has the meaning
set forth in Section 6.18(a).

Shares has the meaning
set forth in the Recitals.

Statement of Objections
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(c)(ii).

Straddle Period has the
meaning set forth in Section 7.4.

Sublease Agreement means
the Sublease Agreement to be entered into by Girbau Industrial Inc. and the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E.

Subsidiary means, with
respect to any Person, any other Person controlled by such first Person, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries.

Tail Policy has the meaning
set forth in Section 6.22.

Tax or Taxes
means with respect to any Person all (i) federal, state, local or non-U.S. income, alternative or add-on minimum tax, gross receipts,
capital stock, sales, use, transfer, franchise, profits, windfall profits, environmental, license, registration, escheat, withholding,
payroll, employment, social security, unemployment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, real or personal property and estimated taxes,
premiums and occupation taxes, customs, duties, or other taxes or charges of any kind whatsoever, whether or not disputed, including any
interest, penalties, fines, or additions thereto and (ii) liabilities payable to any Person (a) pursuant to any tax indemnity, tax allocation
or tax sharing or other similar agreement or arrangement relating to the payment of any such tax, fee, assessment or charge, whether imposed
directly or not, (b) under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law), (c) as a result
of being a transferee, successor or member of an affiliated, consolidated, unitary or combined group, (d) by Contract, (e) pursuant to
applicable law or (f) otherwise.

Tax
Returns means any and all returns, declarations, forms (including elections, declarations or amendments), claims for refund,
or information returns or statements, reports and forms relating to Taxes, including estimated Taxes, filed with any Taxing Authority
(including any schedule or attachment thereto), including any amendment thereof.

Taxing Authority means
any Governmental Authority responsible for the imposition of any Tax.

Threshold has the meaning
set forth in Section 9.6.

Transactions means, collectively,
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements.

Transaction Expenses means
the aggregate amount of any and all fees and expenses incurred by or on behalf of, or paid or to be paid directly by, Seller, the Company,
any of the Companys Subsidiaries or any Person that Seller or the Company pays or reimburses or are otherwise legally obligated
to pay or reimburse (including any such fees and expenses incurred by or on behalf of Seller, the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries)
in connection with the negotiation, preparation or execution of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements or the performance or consummation
of the Transactions, including (i) all fees and expenses of counsel, advisors, consultants, investment bankers, accountants, auditors
and any other experts in connection with the Transactions; (ii) the fees and expenses associated with the Tail Policy; (iii) any
fees and expenses associated with obtaining necessary or appropriate waivers, consents, or approvals of any Governmental Authority or
third parties on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions; (iv) any fees or expenses
associated with obtaining the release and termination of any Encumbrances in connection with the Transactions; (v) one-half of the fees
and expenses of the Escrow Agent under the Escrow Agreement; and (vi) all brokers, finders or similar fees in connection
with the Transactions.

11

Transfer means, as a noun,
any direct or indirect, voluntary or involuntary transfer, sale, pledge, encumbrance, assignment, hypothecation, gift, or other disposition
and, as a verb, to voluntarily or involuntarily, directly or indirectly, transfer, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, hypothecate, give,
or otherwise dispose of, any of Seller Shares. In addition, with respect to any Seller that is an entity, any Transfer by any equity holder
of such entity of his, her or its equity interests in such entity, or the issuance of any additional equity interests in such entity,
shall be deemed to be a Transfer for purposes of this Agreement.

Transition Period has the
meaning set forth in Section 6.17.

Uncollected Accounts Receivable
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6

Uncollectible
Notes Receivable has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7.

Voting Period has the meaning
set forth in Section 6.18(a).

ARTICLE
II

PURCHASE AND SALE

Section
2.1 Purchase and Sale of the Shares.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, the Company shall sell, assign and transfer to Buyer all
of the Shares, free and clear of all Encumbrances (other than any transfer restrictions arising under Federal and applicable state securities
Laws).

Section
2.2 Purchase Price.

(a) 
The aggregate purchase price for the Shares shall be an amount equal to Forty-Three Million Five Hundred Fifty-Five Thousand Dollars
($43,550,000) (the Purchase Price). On the Closing Date, Buyer shall pay to Seller an amount equal to the following
(the Closing Cash Payment):

(i) 
the Purchase Price;

(ii) 
plus the amount, if any, by which the Closing Working Capital exceeds the Minimum Working Capital;

(iii) 
plus the amount, if any, by which the Closing Cash exceeds the Minimum Cash Amount;

(iv) 
minus the amount, if any, by which the Minimum Working Capital exceeds the Closing Working Capital;

(v) 
minus, the amount, if any, by which the Minimum Cash Amount exceeds the Closing Cash;

12

(vi) 
minus the amount of Closing Indebtedness;

(vii) 
minus the amount of Closing Transaction Expenses (not otherwise accounted for in the calculation of the Working Capital);
and

(viii) 
minus the Salesforce Development Cost.

(b) 
No later than seven (7) days prior to the Closing Date, Seller shall prepare and deliver to Buyer a statement in accordance with
GAAP and in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Estimated Closing Date Statement) setting forth Sellers
good faith estimates of the Closing Cash (together with evidence thereof satisfactory to Buyer and Seller), the Closing Indebtedness,
the Closing Transaction Expenses, the Closing Working Capital, and the calculation of the estimated Closing Cash Payment, as determined
in accordance with Section 2.2(a) (the Estimated Closing Cash Payment). The Company and Seller shall permit
Buyer and its Representatives to have access, prior to the Closing, to the books, personnel, records and other documents (including work
papers) pertaining to or used in connection with the preparation of the Estimated Closing Date Statement.

(c) 
Payment of the Estimated Closing Cash Payment.
At the Closing, Buyer shall pay the Estimated Closing Cash Payment as follows:

(i) 
Consideration. The Estimated Closing Cash Payment, less the Escrow Amount, by wire transfer of immediately available funds
to an account of Seller designated in writing by Seller to Buyer no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date.

(ii) 
Escrow Amount. An amount equal to the Escrow Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account of the
Escrow Agent designated in writing by Escrow Agent to Buyer no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. The Escrow
Amount will be held and disbursed by the Escrow Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement. Pursuant
to the Escrow Agreement, on the date that is fifteen (15) months following the Closing Date, the Escrow Agent shall distribute, in immediately
available funds to accounts designated by Seller, the then remaining balance of the Escrow Amount less the aggregate amount of any then-pending
claims for indemnification by Buyer under ARTICLE IX.

(d) 
Indebtedness. No later than seven (7) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, Seller shall deliver to Buyer, from each
holder of Closing Indebtedness, a payoff letter, in form and substance satisfactory to Buyer, which shall state the amount required to
discharge in full such Closing Indebtedness as of such estimated Closing Date plus a per diem amount for any days that the Closing Date
occurs after such estimated Closing Date for the Transactions, and which shall specify wire instructions for the payment of such Closing
Indebtedness.

(e) 
Transaction Expenses. No later than seven (7) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, Seller shall deliver to Buyer, for
each Person to be owed Closing Transaction Expenses on the mutually agreed estimated Closing Date, a payoff letter or invoice, in form
and substance satisfactory to Buyer, which shall state the amount required to discharge in full the Closing Transaction Expenses to be
owed to such Person on such mutually agreed estimated Closing Date, and which shall specify wire instructions for the payment of such
Closing Transaction Expenses. The parties acknowledge and agree that the Closing Transaction Expenses are obligations of Seller and nothing
in this Agreement shall be deemed to make them obligations of Buyer. Payment of such Closing Transaction Expenses by Buyer on behalf of
Seller, the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries on the Closing Date is being made for convenience only.

13

Section
2.3 Adjustment of Closing Cash Payment.

(a) 
Final Closing Date Statement. Within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Seller
a statement (the Final Closing Date Statement) setting forth its calculations of the (A) Closing Cash, (B) Closing
Indebtedness, (C) Closing Transaction Expenses, (D) Closing Working Capital, and (E) Final Closing Cash Payment. The Final Closing Date
Statement will be prepared in accordance with GAAP and shall be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit J.

(b) 
Examination and Review

(i) 
Examination. After receipt of the Final Closing Date Statement, Seller shall have thirty (30) days (the Review
Period) to review the Final Closing Date Statement. During the Review Period, Buyer shall grant Seller reasonable access to
the books, records and work papers of the Company for the purpose of reviewing the Final Closing Date Statement and to prepare a Statement
of Objections (defined below), provided, that such access shall be in a manner that does not interfere in any material respect with the
normal business operations of Buyer or the Company.

(ii) 
Objection. On or prior to the last day of the Review Period, Seller may object to the Final Closing Date Statement by delivering
to Buyer a written statement setting forth Sellers objections in reasonable detail, indicating each disputed item or amount and
the basis for Sellers disagreement therewith (the Statement of Objections). If Seller fails to deliver the
Statement of Objections before the expiration of the Review Period, the Final Closing Date Statement and the calculations contained therein
shall be deemed to have been accepted by Seller and shall be final and binding. If Seller delivers the Statement of Objections before
the expiration of the Review Period, Buyer and Seller shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such objections within thirty (30) days
after the delivery of the Statement of Objections (the Resolution Period), and, if the same are so resolved within
the Resolution Period, the Final Closing Date Statement and the calculations contained therein, in each case with such changes as may
have been previously agreed in writing by Buyer and Seller, shall be final and binding and shall not be subject to judicial review.

(iii) 
Resolution of Disputes. If Seller and Buyer fail to reach an agreement with respect to all of the matters set forth in the
Statement of Objections before expiration of the Resolution Period, then any amounts remaining in dispute (Disputed Amounts)
shall be submitted for resolution to one of PricewaterhouseCoopers, KPMG, and Deloitte & Touche (the Independent Accountant)
who, acting as experts and not arbitrators, shall resolve the Disputed Amounts only and make any adjustments to the Final Closing Date
Statement and the calculations contained therein. The Independent Accountant shall be a firm with no business ties to any of Seller, the
Company, Buyer, or any of their respective Affiliates, within the past three (3) years, and shall be mutually agreed to and selected by
Seller and Buyer. The parties hereto agree that all adjustments shall be made without regard to materiality and that the items set forth
on the Final Closing Date Statement shall be determined in accordance with the definitions and provisions of this Agreement. The Independent
Accountant shall only decide the specific items under dispute by the parties and their decision for each Disputed Amount must be within
the range of values assigned to each such item in the Final Closing Date Statement and the Statement of Objections, respectively. Each
of Buyer and Seller shall be afforded the opportunity to present to the Independent Accountant any materials related to the determination
and to discuss the determination with the Independent Accountant; provided, however, that each such party will provide the
other with copies of any materials provided to the Independent Accountant.

14

(iv) 
Fees of the Independent Accountant. The fees and expenses of the Independent Accountant shall be paid based upon the percentage
that the amount actually contested but not awarded to Seller or Buyer, respectively, bears to the aggregate amount actually contested
by Seller and Buyer, as determined by the Independent Accountant. For example, if Buyer claims that the Closing Working Capital is $1,000,000,
Seller claims that the Closing Working Capital is $1,500,000, and the Independent Accountant determines that the Closing Working Capital
is $1,200,000, then the costs and expenses of the Independent Accountant will be allocated 60% (i.e., 300,000 500,000) to Seller
and 40% (i.e., 200,000 500,000) to Buyer.

(v) 
Determination by Independent Accountant. The parties shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Independent
Accountant to resolve the Disputed Amounts and make any adjustments to the Final Closing Date Statement and the calculations contained
therein as soon as practicable, and in any event within thirty (30) days (or such other time as the parties hereto shall agree in writing)
after their engagement; provided, however, that any delay on the part of the Independent Accountant shall not invalidate
any resolutions or other determinations of the Independent Accountant in this regard or deprive the Independent Accountant of jurisdiction
to resolve the disputes submitted to it pursuant to this Section 2.3. The Independent Accountants adjustments to the Final
Closing Date Statement and the calculations contained therein shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties hereto and shall not be
subject to judicial review absent manifest error.

(c) 
Adjustment Payment. Within five (5) Business Days after the Final Closing Cash Payment becomes final and binding upon the
Parties (whether as a result of Sellers failure to object to the Final Closing Date Statement within the thirty (30) day period
provided above, by mutual agreement of Seller and Buyer or by determination of the Independent Accountant), Seller shall pay to Buyer,
or Buyer shall pay to Seller (if and as applicable), as follows:

(i) 
If the Final Closing Cash Payment is less than the Estimated Closing Cash Payment (the amount by which the Final Closing Cash Payment
is less than the Estimated Closing Cash Payment will be referred to herein as the Decrease Amount), then, within
five (5) Business Days of the final determination of the Final Closing Cash Payment pursuant to this Section 2.3, Seller shall
pay to Buyer an amount of cash equal to the Decrease Amount by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated
in writing by Buyer to Seller for such purpose.

(ii) 
If the Final Closing Cash Payment is greater than the Estimated Closing Cash Payment (the amount by which the Final Closing Cash
Payment is greater than the Estimated Closing Cash Payment will be referred to herein as the Increase Amount), then,
within five (5) Business Days of the final determination of the Final Closing Cash Payment pursuant to this Section 2.3, Buyer
shall pay to Seller an amount of cash equal to the Increase Amount by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the accounts designated
in writing by Seller to Buyer for such purpose.

15

Section
2.4 Account Receivable. From
the Closing Date through thirty (30) days after the Closing Date or with respect to the portion of the Accounts Receivable relating to
retentions, thirty (30) days after the date such are required to be paid in accordance with the terms of the applicable contract or purchase
order (as applicable), Buyer shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to collect the Accounts Receivable. Any partial receipts of
Accounts Receivable shall be first applied against the oldest outstanding Accounts Receivable of such account debtor. In the event that
Buyer is unable to collect any part of the Accounts Receivable (the Uncollected Accounts Receivable) upon the conclusion
of such thirty (30) day anniversary or such thirty (30) day period, as the case may be, then, at the discretion of Buyer, (1) the Working
Capital shall be decreased by such amount of Uncollected Accounts Receivable in determining the Post Closing Working Capital pursuant
to Section 2.3(a), (2) the Uncollected Accounts Receivable may be handled in a manner mutually acceptable to Seller and Buyer,
or (3)(i) Buyer shall assign the Uncollected Accounts Receivable to Seller on behalf of Seller who shall be entitled to collect the Uncollected
Accounts Receivable for its sole benefit, and (ii) payment by Seller for such Uncollected Accounts Receivable shall be made by Seller
to Buyer (at the sole election of Buyer) by wire transfer in immediately available funds or offset of such amount against the Escrow Amount.
Seller shall have the right to pursue the collection of the Uncollected Accounts Receivable prior to the expiration of the applicable
statute of limitation for collection of such funds. Sellers collection of such accounts receivable shall be consistent with the
past practices of the applicable Company, which include, among other things, commercially reasonable efforts not to injure any customer
relationships of the Company or of the Business as it relates to Buyer after the Closing.

Section
2.5 Collection of Notes Receivable.
From the Closing Date through the fifteen (15) month anniversary of the Closing Date, Buyer shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to collect the Notes Receivable as and when amounts become due and payable thereunder. In the event Buyer is unable to collect any part
of the Notes Receivable as and when amounts become due and payable thereunder (the Uncollectible Notes Receivable),
then, at the discretion of Buyer, (1) the Working Capital shall be decreased by such amount of Uncollected Notes Receivable in determining
the Post Closing Working Capital pursuant to Section 2.3(a), (2) the Uncollected Notes Receivable may be handled in a manner mutually
acceptable to Seller and Buyer, or (3)(i) Buyer shall assign the Uncollected Notes Receivable to Seller who shall be entitled to collect
the Uncollected Notes Receivable for its sole benefit, and (ii) payment by Seller for such Uncollected Notes Receivable shall be made
by Seller to Buyer (at the sole election of Buyer) by wire transfer in immediately available funds or offset of such amount against the
Escrow Amount.

Section
2.6 Closing.

(a) 
The closing of the Transactions (the Closing) shall take place remotely
by wiring of funds and exchange of documents and signatures (or their electronic counterparts), at 10:00 a.m., eastern time,
on the (i) the third (3rd) Business Day after the satisfaction or waiver, in writing, of all conditions to Closing set forth
in this Agreement, or (ii) such other date as Buyer and Seller mutually agreed upon in writing. The day on which the Closing takes place
is referred to as (the Closing Date) For accounting purposes, the Closing will be deemed to have occurred at 11:59
p.m., eastern time, on the Closing Date (the Effective Time).

(b) 
At the Closing, Seller and the Company shall:

(i) 
deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer certificates representing the Shares, free and clear of any Encumbrances, duly endorsed
in blank and accompanied by stock powers duly endorsed in blank in proper form for transfer, with appropriate transfer stamps, if any,
affixed;

16

(ii) 
deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer the following documents:

(A) 
a counterpart signature to this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, duly executed by the Company, Seller or other counterparty
which are parties thereto;

(B) 
a duly executed certificate of the President of the Company and the President of Seller, dated the Closing Date that each of the
conditions set forth in Section 8.3(a) have been satisfied;

(C) 
a duly executed certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of the Company as to (A) the Organizational
Documents of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (B) resolutions of the board of directors and the sole shareholder of the Company, duly
adopted and in effect, which authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and the Transactions,
and (C) the names and signatures of the officers of the Company authorized to sign this Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder;

(D) 
A good standing certificate (or equivalent) of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries issued by the appropriate official of the
jurisdiction of organization and each jurisdiction in which the Company or the Subsidiaries, as applicable, are required to be qualified
or registered to do business.

(E) 
All consents, authorizations, orders and approvals from all third parties referred to on Section 2.6(b)(ii)(E) of the Disclosure
Schedules in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, and no such consent, authorization, order and approval shall have been
revoked;

(F) 
Payoff letters issued by each holder (if any) of any Indebtedness that is outstanding on the Closing Date setting forth (i) the
amount required to repay in full all such Indebtedness owed to such holder on the Closing Date, (ii) the wire transfer instructions
for the repayment of such Indebtedness to such holder and (iii) if applicable, a release of, or commitment to release, all Encumbrances
granted by the Company to such holder or otherwise arising with respect to such Indebtedness effective upon repayment of such Indebtedness;
provided that if no Indebtedness is outstanding on the Closing Date, no payoff letters are required to be delivered pursuant to this Section
2.6(b)(ii)(F);

(G) 
Payoff letters (with wire instructions) issued by each Person (if any) owed Closing Transaction Expenses at Closing, setting forth
(i) the amount required to repay in full all such Closing Transaction Expenses owed to such Person on the Closing Date, and (ii) the
wire transfer instructions for the repayment of such Closing Transaction Expenses to such Person;

(H) 
resignations of the directors and officers of the Company set forth in Section 2.6(b)(ii)(H) of the Disclosure Schedules
to the extent requested in writing by Buyer at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing;

(I) 
evidence of the backlog of the Company as of the Closing Date, to be delivered one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing;

17

(J) 
budgeted installation costs for confirmed customer sales order contracts of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, to be delivered
one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing; and

(K) 
all other documents reasonably requested by Buyer that are compulsory by Law to effect the intent of this Agreement and consummate
the Transactions.

(c) 
At the Closing (or as otherwise indicated), Buyer shall:

(i) 
deliver or cause to be delivered to the account designated by Seller at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date
by Seller in a written notice to Buyer an amount equal to the Estimated Closing Cash Payment, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds;

(ii) 
deposit or cause to be deposited the Escrow Amount with the Escrow Agent by wire transfer in immediately available funds, to be
managed and paid out by the Escrow Agent pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement;

(iii) 
deliver or cause to be delivered to Seller the following documents:

(A) 
a counterpart signature to this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, duly executed by Buyer;

(B) 
a duly executed certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Buyer certificate, dated the Closing Date that each of the conditions
set forth in Section 8.2(a) have been satisfied;

(C) 
All consents, authorizations, orders and approvals from all third parties referred to on Section 4.4 of the Disclosure Schedules,
and no such consent, authorization, order and approval shall have been revoked; and

(D) 
all other documents reasonably requested by Seller that are compulsory by Law to effect the intent of this Agreement and consummate
the Transactions.

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

OF SELLER

Except as set forth in the corresponding sections
or subsections of the Disclosure Schedules attached hereto (collectively, the Disclosure Schedules), Seller hereby
represents and warrants to Buyer as follows:

Section
3.1 Authority.

(a) 
Seller has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which is a party,
to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. Assuming due execution and delivery by each of
the other parties hereto and thereto, this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which Seller is a party, constitutes the
legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally
and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

18

(b) 
Seller is the legal and beneficial owner of the Shares set forth on Section 3.1(b) of the Disclosure Schedules and has the
right to sell and transfer the Shares to Buyer hereunder. The Shares were not issued or will not be issued in violation of any Contract
to which Seller is or was a party or beneficiary or by which Seller or its properties or assets is or was subject. Upon delivery to Buyer
of certificates for the Shares at the Closing and Buyers payment of the Purchase Price with respect to the Shares, Buyer shall
acquire good, valid and marketable title to such Units, free and clear of any Encumbrance.

(c) 
Seller is not a party to (i) any voting agreement, voting trust, registration rights agreement, shareholder agreement or other
similar arrangement with respect to any Equity Securities of the Company, or (ii) any Contract obligating Seller to vote or dispose of
any Equity Securities of the Company or which has the effect of restricting or limiting the transfer, voting or rights associated with
the Shares.

(d) 
There is no Action pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened, against or affecting the Shares.

Section
3.2 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

(a) 
The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which Seller is a party and
the consummation of the Transactions, do not and will not, directly or indirectly:

(i) 
conflict with or violate any Law or Permit applicable to Seller or, to the knowledge of Seller, the Company or by which any property
or asset of Seller or, to the knowledge of Seller, the Company are bound or affected;

(ii) 
conflict with, result in any breach of, constitute a default (or an event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become
a default) under, require any consent of any Person pursuant to, or give to others any rights of termination, acceleration or cancellation
of, any Contract to which Seller is a party; or

(iii) 
result in the creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the Shares.

(b) 
None of Seller or the Company is required to file, seek or obtain any notice, authorization, approval, Order, permit or consent
of or with any Governmental Authority in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement or the Ancillary
Agreements to which it is a party or the consummation of the Transactions or in order to prevent the termination of any right, privilege,
license or qualification of the Company, except for such filings as may be required by any applicable foreign, federal or state securities
or blue sky Laws; and no consent, approval, notice of or to any Person under any Contract to which Seller is a party is
required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which Seller is
a party and the consummation of the Transactions.

Section
3.3 Brokers.
No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or other fee or commission in connection with the
Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Seller or the Company.

19

Section
3.4 Adequate Knowledge.
Seller has consulted with, or had the opportunity to consult with, legal counsel in connection with the Transactions and has read and
understands this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which Seller is a party or by which Seller is bound and Sellers obligations
hereunder and thereunder including, without limitation, Sellers indemnification obligations hereunder. Seller understands that
such indemnification obligations could cause Seller to forfeit the portion of the Purchase Price to which Seller is otherwise entitled.
Seller has had the opportunity to meet with Buyer and ask any questions of and receive answers from Buyer and obtain all information Seller
believes necessary to evaluate the Transactions and has had adequate opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers from, Buyer
concerning the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which Seller is a party or by which Seller is bound
and the Transactions.

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

RELATING TO THE COMPANy

Except as set forth in the corresponding sections
or subsections of the Disclosure Schedules attached hereto, the Company and Seller, jointly and severally, hereby represents and warrants
to Buyer as follows:

Section
4.1 Organization.
The Company is a corporation, duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Wisconsin and has
corporate power and authority to conduct its business as in which it is engaged, to own and use its properties and assets that it purports
to own or use and perform its obligations. The Company is qualified to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction listed on
Section 4.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, which are all of the jurisdictions in which the nature of the Business or assets of
the Company requires it to so qualify, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing, individually or in the aggregate
has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The names, titles and other positions of all of the
officers and directors of the Company are listed on Section 4.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedules.

Section
4.2 Authority.
The Company has corporate full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which
it will be a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and
performance by the Company of this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which it will be a party and the consummation by
the Company of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action. This Agreement has been, and
upon the execution each of the Ancillary Agreements to which the Company will be a party will have been, duly executed and delivered by
the Company and, assuming due execution and delivery by each of the other parties hereto and thereto, this Agreement constitutes, and
upon their execution each of the Ancillary Agreements to which the Company will be a party will constitute, the legal, valid and binding
obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms except as enforcement may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general
principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

Section
4.3 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

(a) 
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which it will
be a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, do not and will not:

20

(i) 
conflict with or violate the Organizational Documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(ii) 
conflict with or violate any Law;

(iii) 
except as set forth in Section 4.3 of the Disclosure Schedules, result in any breach of, constitute a default (or an event
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default) under, require any consent of or notice to any Person pursuant to,
give to others any right of termination, amendment, modification, acceleration or cancellation of, allow the imposition of any fees or
penalties, require the offering or making of any payment or redemption, give rise to any increased, guaranteed, accelerated or additional
rights or entitlements of any Person or otherwise adversely affect any rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, or result
in the creation of any Encumbrance on any property, asset or right of the Company pursuant to, any supplier agreement, distributor agreement,
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise, instrument, obligation or other Contract to which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries are a party or by which Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their properties, assets or rights are bound or
affected; or

(iv) 
invalidate or adversely affect any permits, licenses, franchises, approvals, certificates, consents, waivers, concessions, exemptions,
orders, registrations, notices or other authorizations of any Governmental Authority necessary for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to own, lease and operate their properties and to carry on their business in all material respects as currently conducted (Permits).

(b) 
The Company is not required to file, seek or obtain any notice, authorization, approval, Order, permit or consent of or with any
Governmental Authority in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and each of the Ancillary
Agreements to which the Company will be a party or the consummation of the Transactions or in order to prevent the termination of any
right, privilege, license or qualification of the Company, except for such filings as may be required by any applicable federal or state
securities or blue sky laws.

Section
4.4 Capitalization.
Section 4.4 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a complete and correct list of the authorized and issued Equity Interests of
the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Shares are all of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Company. The Shares have been
duly authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and was not issued in violation of, and is not subject to, any preemptive
rights or other similar rights of any Person. The Company has not issued or agreed to issue any: (a) capital stock or other equity
or ownership interest; (b) option, warrant or interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for the purchase of shares
of capital stock or other equity or ownership interests; (c) stock appreciation right, phantom stock, interest in the ownership or
earnings of the Company or other equity equivalent or equity-based award or right; or (d) bond, debenture or other indebtedness having
the right to vote or convertible or exchangeable for securities having the right to vote. All of the aforesaid shares of capital stock
or other equity or ownership interests have been offered, sold and delivered by the Company in compliance with all applicable federal
and state securities laws. Except for rights granted to Buyer under this Agreement, there are no outstanding obligations of the Company
to issue, sell or transfer or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or that relate to the holding, voting or disposition of or that
restrict the transfer of, the issued or unissued units or other equity or ownership interests of the Company. No shares of capital stock
or other equity or ownership interests of the Company have been issued in violation of any rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments
under any provision of applicable Law, the Organizational Documents of the Company or any Contract to which the Company is a party or
by which the Company is bound. 

21

Section
4.5 Subsidiaries.

(a) 
Except for Continental Girbau West, LLC (CGW), Continental Girbau Finance, LLC (CGF) and Continental
Girbau Express, LLC (CGE), the Company has no other Subsidiaries. Each of CGW, CGF and CGE is a limited liability
company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Wisconsin. Each of CGW, CGF and CGE is qualified
to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction listed on Section 4.5(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, which are all of
the jurisdictions in which the nature of the business or assets of each of CGW, CGF and CGE requires it to so qualify, except where the
failure to so qualify or be in good standing, individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. All of the Equity Securities of each of CGW, CGF and CGE are owned by the Company free and clear of any Encumbrances.
The copies of the Organizational Documents of each of CGW, CGF and CGE which have been delivered to Buyer reflect all amendments made
thereto at any time prior to the date of this Agreement.

(b) 
Except as set forth on Section 4.5(b) of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company, CGW, CGF or CGE do not directly or indirectly
own any equity, partnership, membership or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into, exercisable for the purchase of or exchangeable
for any such equity, partnership, membership or similar interest, or is under any current or prospective obligation to form or participate
in, provide funds to, make any loan, capital contribution or other investment in or assume any liability or obligation of, any Person
owns or holds the right to acquire any Equity Security in any other Person. All of the outstanding Equity Securities of CGW, CGF or CGE
have been duly authorized, are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. CGW, CGF or CGE have not issued or agreed to issue any:
(a) other equity or ownership interest; (b) option, warrant or interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for
the purchase of equity or ownership interests; (c) stock appreciation right, phantom stock, interest in the ownership or earnings
of CGW, CGF or CGE or other equity equivalent or equity-based award or right; or (d) bond, debenture or other indebtedness having
the right to vote or convertible or exchangeable for securities having the right to vote. All of the aforesaid Equity Interests of CGW,
CGF and CGE or other equity or ownership interests have been offered, sold and delivered by each of CGW, CGF or CGE in compliance with
all applicable federal and state securities laws. There are no outstanding obligations of any of CGW, CGF or CGE to issue, sell or transfer
or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or that relate to the holding, voting or disposition of or that restrict the transfer of,
the issued or unissued units or other equity or ownership interests of CGW, CGF or CGE. No equity or ownership interests of CGW, CGF or
CGE have been issued in violation of any rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments under any provision of applicable Law, the Organizational
Documents of any of CGW, CGF or CGE, as applicable or any Contract to which any of CGW, CGF or CGE is a party or by which any of CGW,
CGF or CGE is bound.

Section
4.6 Financial Statements; No Undisclosed
Liabilities; Projections(i).

(a) 
Section 4.6 of the Disclosure Schedules contains copies of the Companys and its Subsidiaries (i) audited consolidated
financial statements consisting of the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2023 and December
31, 2022 and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended (the Audited
Financial Statements), (ii) the unaudited consolidated financial statements consisting of the balance sheet of the Company
and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2024 and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flow for the year then ended and
(iii) the unaudited consolidated financial statements consisting of the balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at January
31, 2025 and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flow for the one (1) month period then ended (collectively (ii) and
(iii), the Interim Financial Statements). No later than seven (7) Business Dats prior to the Closing Date, the Company
shall deliver to Buyer a balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date (the Closing Balance Sheet)
(all of the documents identified under this Section 4.6(a) collectively, the Financial Statements).

22

(b) 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the GAAP on a consistent basis throughout the period involved, subject,
in the case of the Interim Financial Statements, to normal and recurring year-end adjustments (the effect of which will not be material)
and the absence of notes (that, if presented, would not differ materially from those presented in the Audited Financial Statements). The
Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the respective
dates they were prepared and the results of the operations of the Company for the periods indicated. The consolidated balance sheet of
the Company and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023 is referred to herein as the 2023 Balance Sheet and the
date thereof as the 2023 Balance Sheet Date and the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2024 is referred to herein as the Interim Balance Sheet and the date thereof as the Interim
Balance Sheet Date. 

Section
4.7 Undisclosed Liabilities.
Except as set forth on Section 4.7 of the Disclosure Schedules, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have any obligations
or liabilities which are material individually or in the aggregate (whether accrued, absolute, contingent, unliquidated or otherwise,
whether due or to become due and regardless of when and by whom asserted) at or as of the Closing Date, except (i) liabilities reflected
on the Interim Financial Statements and (ii) liabilities and obligations which have arisen after the Interim Financial Statement Date
in the ordinary course of business and which are not material individually or in the aggregate.

Section
4.8 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Except as set forth on Section 4.8 of the Disclosure Schedules, since the 2023 Balance Sheet Date.

(a) 
the Company and its Subsidiaries have been operated in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and there has not been
any Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries (considered as a whole) or any event or development that,
individually or together with any or all other such events, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect
to the Company and its Subsidiaries (considered as a whole);

(b) 
there has not been any material loss, damage or destruction to, or any material interruption in the use of, any of the assets of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries used in, or held for use in, the operation of the Business (whether or not covered by insurance);

(c) 
the Company and its Subsidiaries have not taken any action that would be prohibited by the terms of Section 6.2 hereof if
proposed to be taken after the date of this Agreement.

(d) 
the Company and its Subsidiaries have not (i) granted bonuses, whether monetary or otherwise, or increased wages, salary, bonus
opportunities, severance, pension or other compensation or benefits in respect of any current or former employees, officers, directors,
independent contractors or consultants of the Company or its Subsidiaries or their spouses, dependents or beneficiaries other than as
required by Law or as provided for in any existing written agreements as of the date hereof; (ii) changed terms of employment or service
for any such person or (iii) taken any action to increase the amount of or accelerate the vesting, funding or payment of any compensation
or benefits to any such Person;

(e) 
the Company and its Subsidiaries have not adopted, modified or terminated any (i) employment, severance, retention, change in control
or other compensation or benefit agreement, plan or arrangement with any current or former employees, officers, directors, managers, members,
independent contractors or consultants of the Company or its Subsidiaries or their spouses, dependents or beneficiaries, or (ii) other
than as required by Law, Benefit Plan or any plan or arrangement that would constitute a Benefit Plan if in existence on the date hereof;
and

23

(f) 
the Company and its Subsidiaries have not issued, sold or otherwise disposed of any of its shares of capital stock, units, members
interests, or granted any options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or acquire (including upon conversion, exchange or exercise)
any of its capital stock, units, membership interests, or granted any stock appreciation rights, phantom stock, profit participation or
similar rights.

Section
4.9 Compliance with Law; Permits.

(a) 
The Company and its Subsidiaries are and has been in compliance with all Laws applicable to it. None of the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries, or any of their executive officers has received during the past six (6) years, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, is
there any basis for, any notice, Order, complaint or other communication from any Governmental Authority or any other Person that the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with any Law applicable to them.

(b) 
Section 4.9(b) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and complete list of all Permits of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Section
4.10 Litigation.
There is no Action pending or, the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any material
property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of the officers, directors, managers or members of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries in regards to their actions as such, nor is there any basis for any such Action. There is no Action pending or,
the Knowledge of the Company, threatened seeking to prevent, hinder, modify, delay or challenge the Transactions. There is no outstanding
Order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of, or pending or, the Knowledge of the Company, threatened investigation
by, any Governmental Authority relating to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of their properties or assets, any of their officers,
directors, managers or members or the Transactions. 

Section
4.11 Employee Benefit Plans.

(a) 
Section 4.11(a) of the Disclosure Schedules contains a correct and complete list of each benefit, retirement, employee stock
ownership, employment, consulting, compensation, incentive, bonus, stock option, restricted stock, stock appreciation right, phantom equity,
change in control, severance, vacation, paid time off, group health, life insurance, deferred compensation, disability, welfare, fringe-benefit
and other material benefit agreement, plan, policy and program, whether or not reduced to writing, funded or otherwise, including without
limitation any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not subject to ERISA, that
is maintained, sponsored, contributed to, or required to be contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, for the benefit
of any current or former director, officer, employee, manager, member or independent contractor of the Company or any spouse, dependent
or beneficiary of any such Person, or under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have any liability, contingent or otherwise,
including as the result of any ERISA Affiliate, by reason of partnership, guaranty or indemnity or with respect to any previously-terminated
benefit agreement, plan, policy or program (as listed on Section 4.11(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, each, a Benefit
Plan).

(b) 
Except as set forth in Section 4.11(b) of the Disclosure Schedules, each Benefit Plan and related trust has been established,
maintained and administered in accordance with, and complies with, in all material respects, all applicable Laws (including ERISA, the
Code and applicable local Laws) and has been administered consistent with its terms and all written representations made by officers and

24

human resources personnel of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the current and former employees, directors, officers, consultants
and independent contractors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and their spouses, dependents and beneficiaries. Each Benefit Plan
that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code (a Qualified Benefit Plan) is so qualified and
has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service, or with respect to a Volume Submitter Plan, can rely
on an advisory letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the Volume Submitter Plan sponsor, to the effect that the current form of such
Qualified Benefit Plan is so qualified and that the plan and the trust related thereto are exempt from federal income Taxes under Sections
401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, and nothing has occurred that could reasonably be expected to cause the revocation of such
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service or the unavailability of reliance on such determination or advisory letter from
the Internal Revenue Service. Except as set forth in Section 4.11(b) of the Disclosure Schedules, all benefits, contributions and
premiums required by and due under the terms of each Benefit Plan or applicable Law have been timely paid in accordance with the terms
of such Benefit Plan and the terms of all applicable Laws, and all benefits, contributions and premiums required by but not yet due under
the terms of each Benefit Plan or applicable Law are properly accrued on the Audited Financial Statements and Interim Financial Statements
as required by GAAP or applicable Law. There are no outstanding defaults or violations by any party to any Benefit Plan. Neither the Company
nor any other party has been in breach of any fiduciary obligation with respect to any Benefit Plan or the trusts or other funding media
relating thereto. With respect to each Benefit Plan, no events have occurred or are reasonably expected to occur that have resulted in
or would subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to a Tax under Sections 4971 or 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA or the
assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to a lien under Section 430(k) of the Code or Section 303(k) of ERISA.

(c) 
No Benefit Plan: (i) is subject to the minimum funding standards of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or subject
to Title IV of ERISA; (ii) is a multiemployer plan (as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA); (iii) is a multiple employer
plan within the meaning of Sections 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; or (iv) is a multiple employer welfare arrangement within the meaning of Section
3(40) of ERISA, and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has or has ever had any liability with respect to any such type of Benefit
Plan. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries: (i) have withdrawn from, or previously terminated, any pension plan or multiemployer
plan under circumstances resulting (or expected to result) in a liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or such pension
plan or multiemployer plan; or (ii) have engaged in any transaction which would give rise to a liability of the Company or Buyer or any
of their Affiliates under Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA.

(d) 
Other than as required under Section 4980B of the Code or other applicable Law, with respect to which the recipient pays the full
premium for such continuation coverage, no Benefit Plan provides benefits or coverage in the nature of health, life, disability or other
welfare insurance or benefits following retirement or other termination of employment or service. Nothing has occurred with respect to
any Benefit Plan that has subjected or could reasonably be expected to subject the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates or, with respect
to any period on or after the Closing Date, Buyer or any of its Affiliates, to a penalty under Section 502 of ERISA or to Tax or penalty
under Section 4975, 4980B or 4980H of the Code.

(e) 
Except as set forth in Section 4.11(e) of the Disclosure Schedules: (i) there is no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge,
threatened action relating to a Benefit Plan (other than for benefit claims in the ordinary course pursuant to the express terms of the
applicable Benefit Plan); and (ii) no Benefit Plan is currently or has within the six (6) years prior to the date hereof been the subject
of an examination or audit by a Governmental Authority or an application or filing under any correction or similar program of any Governmental
Authority. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have incurred, and no facts exist which reasonably could be expected to result
in, any liability, tax, fee or penalty to the Company with respect to any Benefit Plan under any applicable Law including without limitation
the Code or ERISA (other than to pay premiums, contributions or benefits in the ordinary course consistent with the terms of such plans).

25

(f) 
Except as set forth in Section 4.11(f) of the Disclosure Schedules, no Benefit Plan exists that could: (i) result in the
payment to any current or former director, manager, member, officer, employee or independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or any spouse, dependent or beneficiary of any such Person of any money or other property, except as a result of any plan termination
of any Benefit Plan specifically provided for in this Agreement; (ii) accelerate the vesting or time of payment of or provide any additional
rights or benefits (including an increase in or funding of compensation or benefits through a trust or otherwise) to any current or former
director, officer, employee or independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any spouse, dependent or beneficiary
of any such Person, except as a result of any plan termination of any Benefit Plan specifically provided for in this Agreement; or (iii)
limit or restrict the ability of Buyer or its Affiliates to merge, amend or terminate any Benefit Plan, in each case, as a result of the
execution of this Agreement and/or the consummation of the transactions that are the subject of this Agreement (either alone or in connection
with any concurrent or subsequent event). Neither the execution of this Agreement nor the consummation of the Transactions (either alone
or in connection with any concurrent or subsequent event) will result in excess parachute payments within the meaning of
Section 280G(b) of the Code.

(g) 
Each Person who is classified by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as an employee or independent contractor has been properly
classified as such for all purposes, including for Taxes and for purposes of participation in and accrual of benefits under any Benefit
Plan. There exists no condition or set of circumstances that could subject the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any Benefit Plan to
any liability, tax, penalty or fee under ERISA, the Code or any applicable Law relating to the failure to properly classify any service
provider of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as an employee or independent contractor for any purpose
whatsoever.

(h) 
Each Benefit Plan that is subject to Section 409A of the Code has been maintained in form and operated in compliance with the operational
and documentary requirements of Section 409A of the Code and has been administered in compliance with its terms. None of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries has any obligation to gross up, reimburse or otherwise indemnify any Person for any Taxes that might be incurred
as the result of Sections 280G, 409A or 4999 of the Code.

(i) 
Each Benefit Plan that is an employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA and not a
Qualified Benefit Plan is exempt from Parts 2, 3 and 4 of Title I of ERISA as an unfunded plan that is maintained primarily for the purpose
of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees pursuant to Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3)
and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.15(j), no assets of the Company are allocated to or held by a rabbi trust
or similar funding vehicle.

(j) 
All Benefit Plans that are group health plans have been operated and administered in compliance with the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act (PPACA), the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 and all applicable regulations
and guidance thereunder. To the extent any Benefit Plan is intended to be grandfathered under the terms of PPACA, the Company has complied
with the applicable provisions of PPACA, the Code, ERISA and applicable Laws in all material respects, and the Company has not taken,
or failed to take, any action which would cause such Benefit Plan to lose such grandfathered status.

26

(k) 
The Company has delivered to Buyer accurate and complete copies of all documents setting forth the terms of each Benefit Plan,
including, if applicable, (i) any amendments thereto and all related trust documents; (ii) the three most recent annual reports thereto
(Forms 5500 and all schedules and financial statements attached thereto); (iii) the most recent summary plan description together with
any summaries of material modifications; (iv) all material contracts relating to each Benefit Plan, including administrative and service
agreements and insurance contracts; (v) the most recent IRS determination letter or opinion letter issued with respect to any Qualified
Benefit Plan, (vi) all material written materials provided to employees regarding benefits under any Benefit Plans that could result in
liability to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (vii) all correspondence related to any audit, investigation, review or request for
information from any Governmental Authority relating to any Benefit Plan in the prior five (5) years; and (viii) all coverage, discrimination
and related testing with respect to each Benefit Plan within the last three years.

(l) 
The Company and its Subsidiaries have the right under the terms of each Benefit Plan and under applicable Law to amend, revise,
merge or terminate such plan (or its participation in such plan) at any time exclusively and unilaterally by action of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, and no additional expenses, costs, contributions or funding would be required to properly effect such termination.

(m) 
None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their directors, officers or executives has made any commitment (written
or oral, binding or otherwise) to adopt or establish any new Benefit Plan or to modify or amend any Benefit Plan.

Section
4.12 Employment Matters.

(a) 
Except as set forth in Section 4.12(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party to or bound by (and for the prior two (2) years have not been a party to or bound by), any collective bargaining or other agreement
with a labor organization representing any of its Employees. To the Knowledge of the Company, no union organizing campaign or activity
is in progress with respect to any Employees and no question concerning representation exists respecting such Employees. Except as set
forth in Section 4.12(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, during the prior two (2) years there has not been, nor, to the Companys
Knowledge, has there been any threat of, any strike, slowdown, work stoppage, lockout, concerted refusal to work overtime or other similar
labor activity or dispute affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(b) 
Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is now and for the prior four (4) years have been in compliance in all material respects
with all applicable Laws pertaining to employment and employment practices to the extent they relate to Employees of (or applicants for
employment with) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including but not limited to Laws relating to labor relations, employment discrimination,
harassment and retaliation, reasonable accommodations, immigration, wages and hours, safety and health, workers compensation and
leaves of absence. Every U.S.-based employee of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries is authorized to work in the United States. Except
as set forth in Section 4.12(b) of the Disclosure Schedules, there are no Action against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
pending, or to the Companys Knowledge, threatened to be brought or filed, by or with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator in
connection with the employment of any current or former employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation,
any claim relating to unfair labor practices, employment discrimination, harassment, retaliation, equal pay, wage and hour, immigration
or any other employment related matter arising under applicable Laws.

27

(c) 
Section 4.12(c) of the Disclosure Schedules contains a list of each Employee of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as well
as such Employees (i) name, (ii) job title, (iii) location of employment, (iv) annual base compensation or regular hourly rate
of pay, (v) commission structure or bonus opportunity, (vi) status as exempt or non-exempt under the Fair Labor Standards Act, (vii) status
as full-time, part-time, and/or temporary, (viii) hire date, (ix) current or anticipated leave status (if applicable, and excluding any
scheduled vacation or paid time off to be taken in the ordinary course of business), (x) total compensation paid for the prior calendar
year, (xi) accrued and unused vacation or other paid time off, and (xii) a description of any other accrued and unpaid compensation. Except
as set forth in Section 4.12(c) of the Disclosure Schedules, no offer of employment has been made by the Company that remains outstanding
and has not yet been accepted, or which has been accepted but where the employment has not yet started. To the Knowledge of the Company,
none of the Employees has indicated to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that he or she intends to resign, retire or terminate his
or her employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries have the right to terminate the
employment of each of their Employees at will and to terminate the engagement of any of their independent contractors without incurring
any penalty or liability. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries or Seller has, directly or indirectly, solicited, enticed, persuaded,
induced or caused any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate his or her employment with the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries prior to or following the Closing.

(d) 
The Company and its Subsidiaries have correctly classified each Employee as exempt or nonexempt under the Fair Labor Standards
Act and similar state Laws. All independent contractors providing services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been properly
classified as independent contractors for purposes of federal and applicable state Laws, including but not limited to Laws concerning
Taxes and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice from any Governmental Authority disputing such classification.

(e) 
Except as set forth in Section 4.12(e) of the Disclosure Schedules, all compensation, including wages, commissions and bonuses
payable to current or former employees, independent contractors or consultants for services performed on or prior to the date hereof and
the Closing Date, has been paid in full or is included in the Closing Working Capital as a current liability and there are no outstanding
agreements, understandings or commitments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any compensation, commissions or bonuses.

Section
4.13 Title to, Sufficiency and Condition of Assets.

(a) 
The Company or its Subsidiaries have good and valid title to or a valid leasehold interest in all of its assets, including all
of the assets reflected on the Audited Financial Statements or acquired in the ordinary course of Business since the 2023 Balance Sheet
Date, except those sold or otherwise disposed of for fair value since the date of the 2023 Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice. The assets owned or leased by the Company constitute all of the assets necessary for the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries to carry on the Businesses, in all material respects, as currently conducted. None of the assets owned or leased
by the Company is subject to any Encumbrance.

(b) 
All tangible assets owned or leased by the Company have been maintained in all material respects in accordance with generally accepted
industry practice, are in all material respects in good operating condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and are adequate
for the uses to which they are being put.

Section
4.14 Real Property.

(a) 
Schedule 4.14(a) sets forth a list of all real property that is owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries (the Owned
Real Property), setting forth the address and owner of each parcel of the Owned Real Property. There are no outstanding options,
repurchase rights, rights of first offer, or rights of first refusal to purchase or lease any Owned Real Property, or any portion thereof
or interest therein. Either the Company or one of its Subsidiaries has good and marketable, indefeasible fee simple title to each parcel
of the Owned Real Property set forth on Schedule 4.14(a), free and clear of all Encumbrances. Except as set forth on Schedule
4.14(a), none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any agreement or option to purchase any real property or interest
therein.

28

(b) 
Schedule 4.14(b) sets forth a list of: (i) all Real Property, except the Owned Real Property, that is leased, subleased,
licensed or occupied by the Company and its Subsidiaries (the Leased Real Property). Seller has delivered to Buyer
a true and complete copy of each such Real Property Lease document, and there are no oral or unwritten Real Property Leases. Except as
set forth in Schedule 4.14(b), with respect to each of the Real Property Leases: (i) such Real Property Lease is legal, valid,
binding, enforceable and in full force and effect; (ii) the Closing of the Transactions does not require the consent of any other party
to such Real Property Lease, will not result in a breach of or default under such Real Property Lease, or otherwise cause such Real Property
Lease to cease to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable and in full force and effect on identical terms following the Closing; (iii) the
Companys or its Subsidiaries possession and quiet enjoyment of the Leased Real Property under such Real Property Lease has
not been disturbed, and to the Companys Knowledge, there are no disputes with respect to such Real Property Lease; (iv) none of
the Company, its Subsidiaries or any other party to the Real Property Lease is in breach or default under such Real Property Lease, and
no event has occurred or circumstance exists which, with the delivery of notice, the passage of time or both, would constitute such a
breach or default, or permit the termination, modification or acceleration of rent under such Real Property Lease; (v) no security deposit
or portion thereof deposited with respect such Real Property Lease has been applied in respect of a breach or default under such Real
Property Lease which has not been redeposited in full; (vi) none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries owes, or will owe in the future,
any brokerage commissions or finders fees with respect to such Real Property Lease; (vii) the other party to such Real Property
Lease is not an affiliate of, and otherwise does not have any economic interest in, Seller; (viii) none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
has subleased, licensed or otherwise granted any Person the right to use or occupy such property subject to such Real Property Lease or
any portion thereof.

(c) 
The Owned Real Property identified in Schedule 4.14(a) together with the Leased Real Property identified in Schedule
4.14(b) comprise all of the real property used or intended to be used in, or otherwise related to, the Business.

(d) 
All buildings, machinery, structures, improvements, fixtures, building systems and equipment, and all components thereof, included
or situated upon the Real Property regardless of whether title to such buildings, structures, improvements or fixtures are subject to
reversion to the landlord or other third party upon the expiration or termination of a Real Property Lease (the Improvements)
are in good condition and repair and sufficient for the operation of the Business as currently conducted. There are no structural deficiencies
or, to the Companys Knowledge, latent defects affecting any of the Improvements and, there are no facts or conditions affecting
any of the Improvements which would, individually or in the aggregate, interfere in any material respect with the use or occupancy of
the Improvements or any portion thereof in the operation of the Business as currently conducted. None of the Improvements encroach on
any land which is not included in the Real Property or on any easement affecting such Real Property or violate any building lines or set-back
lines, and there are no encroachments onto any of the Real Property or any portion thereof, which encroachment would interfere in any
material respect with the use or occupancy of such Real Property or the continued operation of the Business. The Company and its Subsidiaries
have expended all necessary maintenance expenses in the ordinary course of business of the Company and its Subsidiaries and have not deferred
any such expenses to the period following the Closing. The Company or its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all Improvements
owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, free and clear of all Encumbrances, and there are no outstanding
options, rights of first offer or rights of first refusal to purchase any such Improvements or any portion thereof or interest therein.

29

(e) 
There is no condemnation, expropriation or other proceeding in eminent domain pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened,
affecting any Real Property or any portion thereof or interest therein.

(f) 
The Real Property is in material compliance with all applicable building, zoning, subdivision, health and safety and other land
use Regulations, including, without limitation, The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, and all insurance requirements
affecting the Real Property (collectively, the Real Property Laws), and the current use or occupancy of the Real
Property or operation of the Business thereon does not violate in any material respect any Real Property Laws. The Company has not received
any notice of violation of any Real Property Law and, to the Companys Knowledge, there is no basis for the issuance of any such
notice or the taking of any action for such violation. To the Companys Knowledge, there is no pending change in any Real Property
Law that will have a material adverse effect on the ownership, lease, use or occupancy of any Real Property or any portion thereof in
the continued operation of the Business.

(g) 
Each parcel of Real Property has direct access to a public street adjoining the Real Property, and such access is not dependent
on any land or other real property interest which is not included in the Real Property or through an easement appurtenant to the Real
Property. None of the Improvements or any portion thereof is dependent for its access, use or operation on any land, building, improvement
or other real property interest which is not included in the Real Property or through an easement appurtenant to the Real Property.

(h) 
All certificates of occupancy, licenses, approvals and authorizations of any Governmental Authority, board of fire underwriters,
association or any other Person having jurisdiction over the Real Property and all other Permits that are required to use or occupy the
Real Property or operate the Business as currently conducted (collectively, the Real Property Permits) have been
issued and are in full force and effect. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice from any Governmental
Body or other entity having jurisdiction over the Real Property threatening a suspension, revocation, modification or cancellation of
any Real Property Permit and there is no basis for the issuance of any such notice or the taking of any such action. To the extent applicable,
the Real Property Permits are transferable to Buyer without the consent or approval of the issuing governmental authority or entity, and
none Buyer, the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries shall be required to assume any additional liabilities or obligations
under the Real Property Permits as a result of such transfer.

(i) 
The classification of each parcel of Real Property under applicable zoning laws, ordinances and regulations permits the use and
occupancy of such parcel and the operation of the Business as currently conducted thereon, and permits the Improvements located thereon
as currently constructed, used and occupied. There are sufficient parking spaces, loading docks and other facilities at such parcel to
comply with such zoning laws, ordinances and regulations.

(j) 
None of the Real Property or any portion thereof is located in a flood hazard area (as defined by the Federal Emergency Management
Agency).

(k) 
Each parcel of Real Property is a separate lot for real estate tax and assessment purposes and no other real property is included
in such tax parcel. There are no taxes, assessments, fees, charges or similar costs or expenses imposed by any governmental authority,
association or other entity having jurisdiction over the Real Property (collectively, the Real Estate Impositions)
with respect to any Real Property or portion thereof which are delinquent. There is no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened
increase or special assessment or reassessment of any Real Estate Impositions for such parcel.

30

Section
4.15 Intellectual Property.

(a) 
Other than commercially available off-the-shelf software, Section 4.15(a) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth all Intellectual
Property that is licensed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and used in the conduct of the Business (the Licensed Intellectual
Property) and the names of the licensors of such Licensed Intellectual Property. Except as set forth in Section 4.15(a)
of the Disclosure Schedules, none the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any obligation to compensate any Person for the license of
any Licensed Intellectual Property. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has not granted to any Person any license, option or
other rights to use any of the Licensed Intellectual Property, whether or not requiring the payment of royalties. No license for any Licensed
Intellectual Property will terminate by reason of the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement
or the consummation of the Transactions. The Company or its Subsidiaries have such rights to use the Licensed Intellectual Property, free
and clear of all Encumbrances, as are necessary in connection with the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries in
the ordinary course consistent with past practice.

(b) 
Section 4.15(b) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth (i) all material Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries and used in the conduct of the Business (the Owned Intellectual Property) and (ii) the Companys
and its Subsidiaries existing registrations, and applications for registration, for or with respect to any of the Owned Intellectual
Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to maintain their confidential information. To the Knowledge of
the Company, the use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of their Owned Intellectual Property does not infringe upon or otherwise
violate the rights of any other Person in or to such Owned Intellectual Property. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has not
granted to any Person any license, option or other rights to use any Owned Intellectual Property, whether or not requiring the payment
of royalties.

Section
4.16 Taxes.
Except as otherwise disclosed in Section 4.16 of the Disclosure Schedules:

(a) 
All Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been properly prepared and duly and
timely filed (taking into account any valid extensions). All such Tax Returns are true, complete and correct in all respects. All Taxes
due and owing (whether or not shown or required to be shown on any Tax Return) by the Company and its Subsidiaries have been fully and
timely paid. No claim has ever been made by a Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries do
not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction which has not been resolved.

(b) 
There are no Encumbrances for unpaid Taxes on any assets of any of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (except for statutory
liens for Taxes not yet due and payable). The Company and its Subsidiaries have withheld and paid all Taxes required by applicable Law
to have been withheld in connection with amounts paid or owing to any Person and has complied with all information reporting and recordkeeping
requirements with respect thereto. The unpaid Taxes of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries did not, as of the dates of the Financial
Statements, exceed the reserve for Tax liability (excluding any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between
book and Tax income) set forth on the face of the balance sheets (rather than in any notes thereto) contained in the Financial Statements.
Since the Interim Financial Statement Date, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability for Taxes outside
the ordinary course of business.

31

(c) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been a party to or a partner in any joint venture, partnership or other arrangement
or contract that is treated as a partnership for Tax purposes. The Company does not own equity of any other entity other than its Subsidiaries.
The Companys Subsidiaries do not own equity of any other entity.

(d) 
There are no ongoing actions, suits, claims, investigations or other legal proceedings by any taxing authority against the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries. No notice of deficiency, proposed assessment or adjustment with respect to any Tax or Tax Return of the Company
has been received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. There are no Tax audits, claims, inquiries or other administrative proceedings,
discussions or court proceedings presently pending or threatened with regard to any Tax or Tax Return against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has agreed to any extension or waiver of the statute of limitation applicable
to any Tax or Tax Return, or agreed to any extension of time with respect to a Tax assessment or deficiency.

(e) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has delivered or made available to Buyer (A) complete and correct copies of all
federal income Tax Returns relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the last three (3) years.

(f) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Tax allocation, Tax sharing, Tax indemnification or similar agreement
under which the Company could be liable for the Taxes of any other Person. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have any liability
for the Taxes of any Person (other than the Company) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any substantially similar provision
of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law), or as a transferee or successor, or by contract, or otherwise.

(g) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will be required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item or deduction
from, taxable income for any Tax period or portion thereof ending after the Closing Date as a result of: (A) any change in a method of
accounting under Section 481 of the Code (or any comparable provision of state, local or foreign Tax Laws), or use of an improper method
of accounting, for a Tax period ending on or prior to the Closing Date; (B) an installment sale or open transaction occurring on or prior
to the Closing Date; (C) deferred revenue or any prepaid amount received on or before the Closing Date; (D) any closing agreement under
Section 7121 of the Code, or similar provision of state, local or foreign Law; or (E) any election under Section 108(i) of the Code.

(h) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract, arrangement or plan that has resulted or could result,
separately or in the aggregate, in the payment of (A) any excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of
the Code (or any corresponding provision of state, local, or non-U.S. Tax Law) or (B) any amount that will not be fully deductible as
a result of Section 162(m) of the Code (or any corresponding provision of state, local, or non-U.S. Tax Law).

(i) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code. Except as set forth on Section 4.16(i) of the Disclosure Schedules, none of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries has had a permanent establishment (within the meaning of an applicable Tax treaty) or otherwise had an office or fixed
place of business in a country other than the United States.

32

(j) 
None of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is (i) tax-exempt use property within the meaning of
Section 168(h) of the Code or (ii) directly or indirectly secures any debt the interest of which is exempt from Tax under Section 103(a)
of the Code.

(k) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has constituted a distributing corporation or a controlled
corporation under Section 355 (or any similar provision of applicable state, local or non-U.S. Law) in any distribution in the
last two years or pursuant to a plan or series of related transactions (within the meaning of Section 355(e) or similar Law) with any
transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

(l) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have participated in or has any filing obligation with respect to
a reportable transaction within the meaning of Section 6707A(c)(1) and Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b) and all positions
taken with respect to the Company that could give rise to a substantial understatement of income tax within the meaning
of Section 6662 of the Code have been disclosed on the Tax Returns of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(m) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has requested or is the subject of or bound by any private letter ruling, technical
advice memorandum, closing agreement or similar ruling, memorandum or agreement with any Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes,
nor is any such request outstanding. There is no outstanding power of attorney authorizing anyone to act on behalf of the Company in connection
with any Tax, Return or proceeding relating to any Tax.

(n) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a foreign person within the meaning of Section 1445 of the Code.

(o) 
The Company has had properly forgiven its Paycheck Protection Program Loan pursuant to Section 1106 of the Cares Act.

(p) 
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has claimed the employee retention credit under Section 2301 of the CARES Act.
The funds the Company or its Subsidiaries received in respect of employee retention Tax credits under the CARES Act were validly and properly
obtained, and the Company or its Subsidiaries satisfied all Laws to be entitled to such funds. The Company or its Subsidiaries has at
all times complied with all applicable requirements relating to employee retention Tax credits under the CARES Act, including properly
and timely filing all necessary forms. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice to the effect that, or
otherwise has been advised that, it was or is not in compliance with the statutory, regulatory or other requirements of Law relating
to employee retention Tax credits or that its right to such funds will be challenged or subject to any Proceeding, and the Company and
its Subsidiaries have no reason to anticipate that any existing circumstances are likely to result in such proceeding.

Section
4.17 Environmental Matters.

(a) 
Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries possess, and is in material compliance with, all Environmental Laws relating to protection
of the environment, pollution control, product registration and Hazardous Materials, and each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in
material compliance with all applicable limitations, restrictions, conditions, standards, prohibitions, requirements, obligations, schedules
and timetables contained in those laws or contained in any law, regulation, code, plan, order, decree, judgment, notice, permit or demand
letter issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

(b) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has entered into or agreed to enter into (and does not contemplate entering into)
any consent decree or order, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any judgment, decree or judicial or administrative
order relating to compliance with, or the cleanup of Hazardous Materials under, any applicable Environmental Laws.

33

(c) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been alleged to be in violation of, or has been subject to any administrative
or judicial proceeding pursuant to, applicable Environmental Laws or regulations either now or any time during the past five (5)
years.

(d) 
To the Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any claim, obligation, liability,
loss, damage or expense of whatever kind or nature, contingent or otherwise, incurred or imposed or based upon any provision of any Environmental
Law or arising out of any act or omission of the Company, its Subsidiaries, or the employees, agents or representatives thereof or arising
out of the ownership, use, control or operation by the Company or any if its Subsidiaries of any plant, facility, site, area or property
(including, without limitation, any plant, facility, site, area or property currently or previously owned or leased by the Company) from
which any Hazardous Materials were released into the environment (the term release meaning any spilling, leaking, pumping,
pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping or disposing into the environment, and the term environment
meaning any surface or ground water, drinking water supply, soil, surface or subsurface strata or medium, or the ambient air).

(e) 
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has imported, manufactured, stored, used, operated, transported, treated or disposed
of any Hazardous Materials other than in material compliance with all Environmental Laws.

Section
4.18 Material Contracts.
Section 4.18 of the Disclosure Schedules contains a true and complete list of each written or oral Contract involving the prospective
payment to or by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of at least One Hundred Seventy Five Thousand Dollars ($175,000) (true and complete
copies, or, if none, reasonably complete and accurate written descriptions, of which, together with all amendments and supplements thereto
and all waivers of any terms thereof, have been delivered to the Company prior to the execution of this Agreement) to which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound and that relate to or otherwise
affect the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the Business. Each Material Contract is in full force and effect and constitutes a legal,
valid and binding agreement of, enforceable in accordance with its terms against, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a party thereto
and, to the Knowledge of the Company, the other party thereto. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to the Knowledge of
the Company, any other party to any Material Contract, is in violation or breach of or default under any such Material Contract (or, with
notice or lapse of time or both, would be in violation or breach of or default under any such Material Contract). None of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries have not received any notice (whether written or oral) from any other party to any Material Contract to the
termination or non-renewal of such Material Contract, whether as a result of the consummation of the Transactions.

Section
4.19 Affiliate Transactions.
Except as set forth in Section 4.19 of the Disclosure Schedules, and except for this Agreement, there are no Contracts by and between
any of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any Related Party of Seller, the Company or any of the Companys
Subsidiaries, on the other hand, pursuant to which such Related Party provides or receives any information, assets, properties, support
or other services to or from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including Contracts relating to billing, financial, tax, accounting,
data processing, human resources, administration, legal services, information technology and other corporate overhead matters). 

34

Section
4.20 Insurance.
Schedule 4.20 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true and complete list of all liability, property, workers compensation,
automobile, directors and officers liability and other insurance policies currently in effect that insure the Business or
the operations or employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries , or affect or relate to the ownership, use or operation of any
of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including the names and addresses of the insured party thereunder and the insurers,
the expiration dates thereof, the annual premiums and payment terms thereof, the amounts of coverage and deductibles thereunder, a brief
description of the interests insured thereby and a copy of a detail loss history report issued by the insurer with respect to the prior
six year period). None of Seller, the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries has received notice (whether written or oral)
that any insurer under any policy referred to in this Section 4.20 is denying liability with respect to a claim thereunder or defending
under a reservation of rights clause. 

Section
4.21 Brokers.
No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or other fee or commission in connection with the
Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section
4.22 Suppliers.
Section 4.22 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth the names and dollar amounts of each of the ten (10) largest suppliers (based
on expenditures) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, with respect to the Business for the twelve (12) month period ended January 31,
2025. None of Seller, the Company or any of their Companys Subsidiaries have received any written notice, and does not otherwise
have any Knowledge that any such supplier intends to cancel, modify or otherwise change its relationship with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (as relates to the Business) or the Business in any material manner. 

Section
4.23 Customers.
Section 4.23 of the of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth the names and dollar amounts of each of the ten (10) largest customers
(based on expenditures) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, with respect to the Business for the twelve (12) month period ended January
31, 2025. None of Seller, the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries have received any written notice, and does not otherwise
have any Knowledge that any such supplier intends to cancel, modify or otherwise change its relationship with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (as relates to the Business) or the Business in any material manner. 

Section
4.24 Accounts Receivable.
The Accounts Receivable: (i) arose from bona fide transactions in the ordinary course of business and are payable on ordinary trade
terms, (ii) are legal, valid and binding obligations of the respective debtors enforceable in accordance with their terms except to the
extent that enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws, (iii) are not subject to any valid set-off
or counterclaim, and (iv) to the Knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries have the right to collect such accounts receivable
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices in the aggregate recorded amounts thereof.

Section
4.25 Prohibited Transactions.
None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, Seller or any of their respective Representatives, or any Affiliate of or any Person associated
with or acting for or on behalf of them in connection with the operation of the Business, has directly or indirectly, acting for or on
behalf of the Company, any of the Companys Subsidiaries or Seller: 

(a) 
made or attempted to make any contribution or gift, bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback, or other improper payment
to any Person, private or public, regardless of what form, whether in money, property, or services to (i) obtain favorable treatment
for business or Contracts secured, (ii) pay for favorable treatment for business or Contracts secured, or (iii) obtain special
concessions or for special concessions already obtained, in each of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) in violation of any requirement
of Laws applicable to the Business;

35

(b) 
made or attempted to make any such contribution or gift, bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback, or other improper
payment in violation of any applicable written policy of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or

(c) 
established or maintained any fund or asset for the purpose of making any such contribution or gift, bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment, kickback, or other payment in violation of any applicable Law or applicable written policy of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
and which the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their officers, directors, managers or employees has willfully failed to record
in the books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries. To the extent required by applicable Law, the Company and its Subsidiaries
have established and maintains a compliance program and reasonable internal controls and procedures with respect to the Business that,
for all periods prior to the Closing Date, were appropriate to the requirements of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws.

Section
4.26 Bank Accounts.
Schedule 4.26 sets forth a true, correct and complete list of the name and address of (a) each bank or financial institution
with which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has an account or safe deposit box and the name of each Person authorized to draw thereon
or have access thereto and (b) the name of each Person holding a power of attorney on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section
4.27 Indebtedness.
Schedule 4.27 sets forth a true, correct and complete list of the individual components (indicating the amount and the Person to
whom such Indebtedness is owed) of all the Indebtedness outstanding with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Section
4.28 Accounts Payable.
All accounts payable of the Company and its Subsidiaries arose in bona fide arms length transactions in the ordinary course of
Business and no account payable is delinquent by more than 30 days.

Section
4.29 Installation Costs.
There is no excess of installation costs in any confirmed customer sales order contract executed prior to the Closing Date over
the amount budgeted for such installation costs, which installation costs will be included in the budget delivered by Seller and the Company
to Buyer pursuant to Section 2.6(b)(ii)(J).

Section
4.30 Disclosure.
All material facts relating to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries and the Business of the Company have been disclosed to Buyer in or
in connection with the representations or warranties contained in ARTICLES III and IV of this Agreement, and no statement
contained in the Disclosure Schedules hereto or in any certificate, list or other writing furnished to Buyer pursuant to any provision
of this Agreement, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
herein or therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

ARTICLE
V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

Except as set forth in the corresponding sections
or subsections of the Disclosure Schedules attached hereto and the SEC Documents, Buyer hereby represents and warrants to the Company
and Seller as follows:

Section
5.1 Organization.
Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware and has full corporate power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.

36

Section
5.2 Authority.
Buyer has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which it will
be a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance
by Buyer of this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which it will be a party and the consummation by Buyer of the Transactions
have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action. This Agreement has been, and upon their execution each of the
Ancillary Agreements to which Buyer will be a party will have been, duly executed and delivered by Buyer and, assuming due execution and
delivery by each of the other parties hereto and thereto, this Agreement constitutes, and upon their execution each of the Ancillary Agreements
to which Buyer will be a party will constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligations of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance
with their respective terms.

Section
5.3 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

(a) 
The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which Buyer will be
a party, and the consummation of the Transactions, do not and will not:

(i) 
conflict with or violate the Organizational Documents of Buyer;

(ii) 
conflict with or violate any Law applicable to Buyer; or

(iii) 
except as set forth in Section 5.3(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, result in any breach of, constitute a default (or an
event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default) under or require any consent of any Person pursuant to, any
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise, instrument, obligation or other Contract to which Buyer
is a party;

except for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or
other occurrences that do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the ability of Buyer to consummate, or prevent or materially
delay, any of the Transactions or would reasonably be expected to do so.

(b) 
Except as set forth in Section 5.3(b) of the Disclosure Schedules, Buyer is not required to file, seek or obtain any notice,
authorization, approval, Order, permit or consent of or with any Governmental Authority in connection with the execution, delivery and
performance by Buyer of this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which it will be party or the consummation of the Transactions,
except for such filings as may be required by any applicable federal or state securities or blue sky laws.

Section
5.4 SEC Documents.
Buyer has filed all required SEC Documents required to be filed by it with the SEC since July 1, 2023. As of their respective dates, the
SEC Documents (a) were prepared in accordance and complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Laws
applicable to such SEC Documents, and (b) did not at the time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the
date of this Agreement then on the date of such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. None of Buyers subsidiaries is required to file any forms, reports or other documents with the SEC.

37

Section
5.5 Legal Proceedings.
There are no actions, suits, claims, investigations or other legal proceedings pending or, to Buyers knowledge, threatened against
Buyer or any Affiliate of Buyer that challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin or otherwise delay the Transactions.

Section
5.6 Brokers.
No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or other fee or commission in connection with the
Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer.

Section
5.7 No knowledge of Claims.
Buyer has no actual knowledge of any inaccuracy of the representations and warranties granted by th Seller under this Agreement and Buyer
has no actual knowledge any other fact or circumstance which could entitle Buyer to serve a notice of claim for Indemnification pursuant
to ARTICLE IX of this Agreement against Seller under this Agreement.

Section
5.8 Certainty of Funds.
Buyer has and will continue to have at Closing access to funds sufficient to satisfy its obligations under this Agreement. Buyer
acknowledges that its obligations under this Agreement are not conditioned upon the availability of financing.

ARTICLE
VI

COVENANTS

Section
6.1 Conduct of Business.
Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, or as Buyer may otherwise consent, at all times from the date of this Agreement until
the earlier to occur of the Closing or the valid termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof (the Pre-Closing
Period), the Company and its Subsidiaries shall:

(a) 
operate the Business in the usual, regular, and ordinary course consistent with past practice;

(b) 
take all reasonable steps to preserve and protect the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries in good working order and condition,
ordinary wear and tear excepted;

(c) 
comply with all requirements of Law, Permits, and material contractual obligations applicable to the operation of the Business;

(d) 
use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact the Business, keep available the services of the Companys and its
Subsidiaries officers, employees, and agents and maintain the Companys current relations and good will with suppliers, customers,
licensors, landlords, creditors, employees, agents, and others having business relationships with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
including by promptly paying all amounts owing to such Persons as and when such amounts are due (other than amounts being disputed in
good faith);

(e) 
continue in full force and effect all insurance coverage pertaining to the Business or the Companys and its Subsidiaries
assets that are in effect as of the date of this Agreement or obtain substantially equivalent policies;

(f) 
confer with Buyer prior to implementing business operational decisions that materially impact the Business, and report periodically
to Buyer concerning the status of the business of the Company; and

(g) 
maintain the books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.

38

Section
6.2 Restrictions on Business.
Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or as Buyer may otherwise consent in writing, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
at all times during the Pre-Closing Period, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not:

(a) 
amend any of their Organizational Documents;

(b) 
authorize for issuance, issue, sell, deliver or agree or commit to issue, sell or deliver (whether through the issuance or granting
of options, warrants, commitments, subscriptions, rights to purchase or otherwise) any shares of capital stock, or any other securities
or other ownership interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(c) 
split, combine or reclassify any shares of capital stock, units, membership interests or other ownership interests, or declare,
set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution to any member, or otherwise in respect of its shares of capital stock, units, membership
interests or other ownership interests or redeem or otherwise acquire any of its securities or other ownership interests;

(d) 
(A) incur or assume any Indebtedness, other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of the business of the Company
and its Subsidiaries consistent with past practice (but in any event not any Indebtedness to Seller or any of their Affiliates); (B) assume,
guarantee, endorse (except for checks or other negotiable instruments in the ordinary course of business) or otherwise become liable or
responsible (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for any obligations of any other Person; or (C) make any loans, advances or
capital contributions to, or investments in, any other Person;

(e) 
adopt, modify or terminate any (i) employment, severance, retention, change in control or other compensation or benefit agreement,
plan or arrangement with any current or former employees, officers, directors, independent contractors or consultants of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) other than as required by Law, any Benefit Plan or any plan or arrangement that would constitute a Benefit
Plan if in existence on the date hereof;

(f) 
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices of the Company and not in excess of One Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($100,000) (individually or cumulative), acquire, sell, lease, transfer or dispose of any properties or assets of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or enter into any other commitment or transaction that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries (considered
as a whole);

(g) 
modify, other than in an immaterial manner, any policy or procedure with respect to the collection of receivables;

(h) 
pay, discharge or satisfy before it is due any material claim or liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or fail to
pay any such item in a timely manner, in each case except in accordance with the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries prior
practices;

(i) 
cancel any debts or waive any claims or rights of material value;

(j) 
except to the extent required by Law, change any accounting principle or method or make any election for purposes of foreign, federal,
state or local income Taxes;

(k) 
take or suffer any action that would result in (A) the creation, or consent to the imposition, of any Lien on any of the properties
or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) the cancellation, termination, lapse or non-renewal of any insurance policy
(unless such policy is replaced with comparable insurance);

39

(l) 
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and not in excess
of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) (individually or cumulative), make or incur any expenditure, lease or commitment for additions
to property or equipment or other tangible assets;

(m) 
enter into any contract restricting in any material respect the operation of the Business;

(n) 
make or change any material Tax election, adopt or change any Tax accounting method, enter into any closing agreement, settle or
compromise any Tax claim or assessment, file any amended Tax Return, any material Tax Return, or any claim for Tax refund, or extend or
waive the limitation period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment, in each case to the extent that it would affect the assets or business
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries after the Closing;

(o) 
(A) grant any bonuses, whether monetary or otherwise, or increase wages, salary, severance, pension or other compensation or benefits
in respect of any current or former employees, officers, directors, independent contractors or consultants of the Company or its Subsidiaries
or their spouses, dependents or beneficiaries except (1) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices of the Company
and its Subsidiaries and so long as not in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) (individually or cumulative), (2) as required
by Law or (3) as provided for in any existing written agreements as of the date hereof; (B) change the terms of employment or service
for any such person; or (iii) take any action to increase the amount of or accelerate the vesting, funding or payment of any compensation
or benefits to any such person;

(p) 
grant any severance, change-in-control, or similar pay benefits (in cash or otherwise) to any current or former employee, officer,
director, independent contractor or consultant of the Company or its Subsidiaries or their spouses, dependents, or beneficiaries;

(q) 
establish, amend or terminate any Benefit Plan, except as required by applicable Law or as specifically provided in this Agreement;

(r) 
adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization, or other reorganization;

(s) 
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, take or omit to take any action that has or would reasonably
be expected to have the effect of accelerating sales to customers or revenues of the Business to pre-Closing periods that would otherwise
be expected to take place or be incurred in post-Closing periods;

(t) 
commence any actions, suits, claims, investigations or other legal proceedings relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
other than (i) for the routine collection of amounts owed, or (ii) in such cases where the failure to commence litigation could
have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that the Company and its Subsidiaries shall consult with Buyer prior to filing such litigation;

(u) 
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices of the Company and its Subsidiaries and so long as not
in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) (individually or cumulative), enter into any Contract of any kind with any third
party, which contract continues after the Closing Date and cannot be terminated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on not more
than 30 days notice without any liability on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

40

(v) 
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice of the Company and its Subsidiaries, amend, waive, surrender
or terminate or agree to the amendment, waiver, surrender or termination of any contract or any Permit;

(w) 
except in the ordinary course of Business consistent with past practice, exercise any right or option under or extend or renew
any contract;

(x) 
enter into or engage in any transaction with the officer, directors, or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any
of any of their family members or any Affiliate thereof

(y) 
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices of the Company and so long as not in excess of One Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($100,000) (individually or cumulative), sell, lease, license, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any assets of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries;

(z) 
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices of the Company, sell any Inventory of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries; or

(aa) 
enter into any contract to do, or take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take or consent to, any of the foregoing actions.

Section
6.3 Access to Information and Nondisclosure.
During the Pre-Closing Period, during normal business hours, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall, upon reasonable advanced notice,
afford to Buyer and its Representatives (which shall include Buyers Affiliates and Representatives), reasonable access to the offices,
properties, books, contracts, commitments, records, vendor information, and customer information of Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
insofar as the same relate to the Business and does not unreasonably interfere with the conduct of Business, and shall make available
to such persons such information (including financial and operating data) concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as they reasonably
may request. Requests for such information shall be discreetly coordinated with Companys designated Representatives, and Company
and its Subsidiaries shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to assist Buyer and its Representatives in their examination; the
Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be obligated to respond to any requests herein that are disruptive in any material respect to the
Business (for the avoidance of any doubt, requests included on the due diligence checklist provided to the Company prior to the execution
of this Agreement shall not be considered disruptive). The Parties acknowledge that Company and Buyer have entered into a Mutual Nondisclosure
Agreement, dated July 24, 2024 (the Nondisclosure Agreement), the terms of which are hereby incorporated by this
reference, and Buyer confirms that Buyer will comply with their respective obligations thereunder and Buyer shall cause its Representatives
to comply with such obligations as if such Representatives were a party to such Nondisclosure Agreement. 

Section
6.4 Regulatory and Other Approvals.
Each of Buyer, Seller and the Company shall take all commercially reasonable steps necessary, and proceed diligently and in good faith
and use all commercially reasonable efforts, as promptly as practicable to: (i) obtain all consents and approvals of, make all filings
with and give all notices to each Governmental Authority or any other Person that are required to be obtained, made or given by Buyer,
Seller or the Company under Section 4.3 and Section 5.3 of the Disclosure Schedules in order to consummate the Transactions,
and (ii) satisfy each other condition to the obligations of the Parties contained in this Agreement. 

Section
6.5 No Shop.
During the Pre-Closing Period, Seller and the Company shall not, and Company shall not permit any of their respective directors, officers,
brokers, employees or Affiliates (or authorize or permit any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other Person

41

retained by or acting for or on behalf of Seller, the Company or any such Affiliate) to, take, directly or indirectly, any action to initiate,
assist, solicit, receive, participate, negotiate, encourage (including, without limitation, by way of furnishing non-public information)
or accept any offer or inquiry from any Person (a) to engage in any Business Combination with the Company or any of their Subsidiaries,
(b) to reach any agreement or understanding (whether or not such agreement or understanding is absolute, revocable, contingent or conditional)
for, or to engage in any discussions or negotiations with respect to, or otherwise attempt to consummate, any Business Combination with
the Company or any of their Subsidiaries, or (c) to furnish or cause to be furnished any information with respect to the Company to any
Person (other than as contemplated by Section 6.3) which Seller, the Company or any such Affiliate knows or has reason to believe
is in the process of considering any Business Combination with regard to the Company. Seller and the Company shall immediately terminate
(in writing, with a copy to Buyer) any and all discussions or negotiations of any type described in the first sentence of this Section
6.5. If, during the Pre-Closing Period, Seller or the Company receives or becomes aware that any of Seller, the Company or any Affiliate
thereof (or any such Person acting for or on their behalf) has received from any Person (other than Buyer) any offer, inquiry or informational
request referred to in the first sentence of this Section 6.5, the Company shall promptly advise such Person, by written notice,
of the terms of this Section 6.5 and shall promptly, orally and in writing, advise Buyer of such offer, inquiry or request and
deliver a copy of such notice to Buyer. The restrictions on the activities provided in this Section 6.5 shall terminate upon any
termination of this Agreement. 

Section
6.6 Non-Solicitation.

(a) 
Seller shall not, during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on (i) the two (2) year anniversary of the termination
of the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial if such termination takes place prior to the seven (7) year anniversary of the
Closing Date, or (ii) the one (1) year anniversary of the termination of the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial, if such
termination takes place following the seven (7) year anniversary of the Closing Date (the Non-Solicitation Restriction Period),
directly or indirectly, solicit, entice, persuade, induce or cause any employee, officer, manager, director, consultant, agent or independent
contractor of Buyer, or any of the direct or indirect Subsidiaries or Affiliates of Buyer, including, without limitation, the Company
(collectively, the Buyer Group), to terminate his, her or its employment, consultancy or other engagement with such
entity and become employed by or engaged with any other Person, or approach any such employee, officer, manager, director, consultant,
agent or independent contractor for any of the foregoing purposes, or authorize or assist in the taking of any of such actions by any
Person.

(b) 
Seller Shall not, during the Non-Solicitation Restriction Period, directly or indirectly, solicit, entice, persuade, induce, or
cause, or attempt to solicit, entice, persuade, induce, or cause:

(i) 
any Person who was or is a customer of the Company or any of their Affiliates at any time during the twenty-four (24) period prior
to the date of this Agreement or was or is a customer of any of Buyer Group at any time during the Non-Solicitation Restriction Period;
or

(ii) 
any lessee, equipment vendor or lessee, operator, vendor or supplier to, or any other Person who had or has a business relationship
of any kind with, any of the Company or any of their Affiliates at any time during the twenty-four (24) month period prior to the date
of this Agreement or had or has a business relationship of any kind with any of Buyer Group at any time during the Non-Solicitation Restriction
Period;

42

(the
Persons referred to in items (i) and (ii) above, collectively, the Prohibited Persons) to enter into a business relationship
with any other Person for the services, activities or goods that are the same as or substantially similar to or competitive with the Business
as presently conducted and that any such Prohibited Person purchased from, was engaged in with or provided to, the Company or any of their
Affiliates or any of Buyer Group, as applicable, or to reduce or terminate such Prohibited Persons business relationship with Buyer
Group; and Seller shall not, directly or indirectly, approach any such Prohibited Person for any such purpose, or authorize or assist
in the taking of any of such actions by any Person; provided however that a public general advertisement in the ordinary course
of Sellers business not directed at, or targeted to, any Prohibited Person shall not be a breach of this Section 6.6(b).

(c) 
For purposes of this Section 6.6, the terms employee, consultant, agent and independent
contractor shall include any Persons with such status at any time during the twenty-four (24) months preceding any solicitation
in question.

(d) 
Seller acknowledges that the provisions of this Section 6.6 and the period of time, geographic area and scope and type of
restrictions on Sellers activities set forth herein are reasonable and necessary for the protection of Buyer, which is paying substantial
monies and other benefits to Seller, and are an essential inducement to Buyers entering into and performing this Agreement and
the Ancillary Agreements to which Buyer is party. If any covenant contained in this Section 6.6 shall be determined by any court
or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable by reason of its extending for too great a period of time or
over too great a geographical area or by reason of its being too extensive in any other respect, (x) such covenant shall be interpreted
to extend over the maximum period of time for which it may be enforceable and/or over the maximum geographical area as to which it may
be enforceable and/or to the maximum extent in all other respects as to which it may be enforceable, all as determined by such court or
other tribunal making such determination, and (y) in its reduced form, such covenant shall then be enforceable, but such reduced form
of covenant shall only apply with respect to the operation of such covenant in the particular jurisdiction in or for which such adjudication
is made. It is the intention of the parties that the provisions of this Section 6.6 shall be enforceable to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable Law.

(e) 
Seller acknowledges that any breach or threatened breach of the covenants contained in this Section 6.6 will likely cause
Buyer material and irreparable damage, the exact amount of which will be difficult to ascertain, and that the remedies at Law for any
such breach will likely be inadequate. Accordingly, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, Buyer shall, in addition to all other available
rights and remedies (including, but not limited to, seeking such damages as it can show it has sustained by reason of such breach), be
entitled to seek specific performance and injunctive relief in respect of any breach or threatened breach of this covenant, without being
required to post bond or other security and without having to prove the inadequacy of the available remedies at Law.

(f) 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, (i) Seller may, directly or indirectly, continue to have a business
relationship with, or initiate new business relationships with, lessees, operators, vendors or suppliers of the Company solely with respect
to Sellers industrial laundry products and services; (ii) the Non-Solicitation Restriction Period shall terminate on the date of
the termination of the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial (a) if as of the date of such termination an Insolvency Event
has occurred, or (b) if, after complying with the dispute
resolution procedures set forth in Section 10 (or successor section) of the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial, the
Master Distribution Agreement Commercial is terminated as a result of the Companys breach of its obligations of the Master
Distribution Agreement Commercial; and (iii) with respect to employees of the Company that have been dismissed by the Company
with or without cause following the Closing Date, the Non-Solicitation Restriction Period shall terminate with respect to such employees
on the one (1) year anniversary of such dismissal.

43

(g) 
The provisions of Section 6.6(a) shall also be applicable to Buyer and its Affiliates with the respect to employees Seller and
its Affiliates and the obligations arising from Section 6.6(a) with respect to employees shall be deemed bilateral for both Parties; provided
however, with respect to employees of Seller or its Affiliates that have been dismissed by Seller or its Affiliates with or without cause
following the Closing Date, the Non-Solicitation Restriction Period shall terminate with respect to such employees on the one (1) year
anniversary of such dismissal.

Section
6.7 Non-Competition.

(a) 
Seller shall not, during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on (i) the two (2) year anniversary of the termination
of the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial if such termination takes place prior to the seven (7) year anniversary of the
Closing Date, or (ii) the one (1) year anniversary of the termination of the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial, if such
termination takes place following the seven (7) year anniversary of the Closing Date (the Non-Competition Restricted Period),
anywhere within the geographic area specified on Schedule 1(a) of the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial, directly or indirectly,
whether alone or as an owner, shareholder, partner, member, manager, investor, lender, joint venturer, officer, director, consultant,
independent contractor, agent, employee or otherwise of any company or other business enterprise, own, finance, manage, operate or engage
in, or participate in the ownership, management or operation of, any business competitive with that of Buyer or the Company as presently
conducted (including, without limitation, any commercial laundry, coin operated laundry, or dry cleaning store but expressly excluding
Sellers industrial laundry products and services). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Non-Competition Restriction Period shall
terminate on the date of termination of the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial (a) if as of the date of such termination
an Insolvency Event has occurred, or (b), if, after complying
with the dispute resolution procedures set forth in Section 10 (or successor section) of the Master Distribution Agreement 
Commercial, the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial is terminated as a result of the Companys breach of its obligations
of the Master Distribution Agreement Commercial.

(b) 
Seller acknowledges that the provisions of this Section 6.7 and the period of time, geographic area and scope and type of
restrictions on Sellers and the Companys activities set forth herein, are reasonable and necessary for the protection of
Buyer, which is paying substantial monies and other benefits to Seller and the Company and are an essential inducement to Buyers
entering into and performing this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which Buyer is party. If any covenant contained in this Section
6.7 shall be determined by any court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable by reason of its extending
for too great a period of time or over too great a geographical area or by reason of its being too extensive in any other respect, (x)
such covenant shall be interpreted to extend over the maximum period of time for which it may be enforceable and/or over the maximum geographical
area as to which it may be enforceable and/or to the maximum extent in all other respects as to which it may be enforceable, all as determined
by such court or other tribunal making such determination, and (y) in its reduced form, such covenant shall then be enforceable, but such
reduced form of covenant shall only apply with respect to the operation of such covenant in the particular jurisdiction in or for which
such adjudication is made. It is the intention of the parties that the provisions of this Section 6.10 shall be enforceable to
the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law.

(c) 
Seller acknowledges that any breach or threatened breach of the covenants contained in this Section 6.7 will likely cause
Buyer material and irreparable damage, the exact amount of which will be difficult to ascertain, and that the remedies at Law for any
such breach will likely be inadequate. Accordingly, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, Buyer shall, in addition to all other available
rights and remedies (including, but not limited to, seeking such damages as it can show it has sustained by reason of such breach), be
entitled to seek specific performance and injunctive relief in respect of any breach or threatened breach of this covenant, without being
required to post bond or other security and without having to prove the inadequacy of the available remedies at Law.

44

Section
6.8 Confidentiality. From and after the Closing, Seller shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to,
hold, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its or their respective
Representatives to hold, in confidence any and all information, whether written
or oral, concerning the Company, except to the extent that Seller can show that such information (a) is generally available to and known
by the public through no fault of Seller, any of its Affiliates or their respective Representatives; or (b) is lawfully acquired by Seller,
any of its Affiliates or their respective Representatives from and after the Closing from sources which are not prohibited from disclosing
such information by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation. If Seller or any of its Affiliates or their respective Representatives
are compelled to disclose any information by judicial or administrative process or by other requirements of Law, Seller shall promptly
notify Buyer in writing and shall disclose only that portion of such information which Seller is advised by its counsel in writing is
legally required to be disclosed, provided that Seller shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain an appropriate protective
order or other reasonable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded such information.

Section
6.9 Encumbrances.
At the Closing, Seller, the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries shall cause any Encumbrances on the assets of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party and the assets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries to be released.

Section
6.10 Business Relationships.
Until the Closing, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall cooperate with the reasonable requests of Buyer in Buyers efforts to
continue and maintain for the benefit of Buyer, the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries those business relationships of the Business
existing prior to the Closing, including relationships with customers, suppliers and others. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the
Closing, Seller shall not assume any risk deriving from any actions or omissions of Buyer, the Company and/or their respective Subsidiaries
with respect to such Business relationships

Section
6.11 Public Announcements.
Seller and Buyer shall consult with each other before issuing and provide each other the opportunity to review and comment upon, any press
release or other public statement with respect to the Transactions, and shall not issue any such press release or make any such public
statement prior to such consultation, except as may be required by applicable Law.

Section
6.12 2024 Audited Financial Statements.
On or prior to the Closing, Seller and the Company will prepare, or cause to be prepared, at its expense audited consolidated financial
statements consisting of the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2024 and the related consolidated
statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended (the 2024 Audited Financial Statements),
and such 2024 Audited Financial Statements will be prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the period
involved and will fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date they
were prepared and the results of the operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the period indicated.

Section
6.13 Employees.
From the date here and ending on the Closing Date, none of the Company, the Companys Subsidiaries or Seller shall, directly or
indirectly, solicit, entice, persuade, induce or cause any employee of the Company to terminate his or her employment with the Company
prior to or following; provided that the Parties agree that David McAllister, a current employee of the Company, will become an employee
of Seller or an Affiliate of Seller and will continue to render services to the Company under a services agreement on a part-time basis.

45

Section
6.14 Excluded Assets.
On or before the Closing Date, the Company and Seller shall transfer the following assets to a separate entity and will be excluded from
the Transactions: (i) the real estate asset located at 2500 State Road 44, Oshkosh, WI 54904, and (ii) the rights to the trademarks set
forth in Section 6.14 of the Disclosure Schedules.

Section
6.15 Girbau Corporate Name.
Buyer will change the corporate name of the Company by eliminating references to Girbau no later than the three (3) year
anniversary of the Closing Date. Until Buyer eliminates references to Girbau as required by the immediately preceding sentence,
and without prejudice to the additional obligations under the Ancillary Agreements, the Company and its Subsidiaries will not sell products
from competing manufacturers other than the manufacturers the Company markets as of the Closing Date, without Sellers prior written
consent, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Section
6.16 Continental Name.
Seller will change or cause the change of the corporate name of any Affiliate or licensee (including any sublicensee) that has
the name Continental in its corporate name by eliminating references to Continental no later than the third
(3rd) Business Day following the Closing Date. Seller shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates (other than the Company
and its Subsidiaries) thereafter not to, use the word Continental in any way whatsoever in connection with their businesses,
including, without limitation, their products, services, domain names, websites, other Intellectual Property, advertising or other marketing
or promotional materials. Seller agrees that Buyer and its Affiliates are the only Persons that are permitted to use the name Continental
Girbau or Continental subject to the terms and conditions of the License Agreement for the purpose of private labeled
products.

Section
6.17 Systems and Data.
At Closing, Seller will grant Buyer access to Sellers systems and data for a period of twenty-four months following the Closing
Date (or such shorter period of time that Buyer reasonably determines that the Company Data has been migrated from the Sellers
systems to the Buyers systems) (the Transition Period) in order for Buyer to achieve the separation from Sellers
information technology systems and the migration of Company Data from the Sellers systems to Buyers systems; provided
that if Buyer reasonably determines that the Company Data has not been migrated from the Sellers systems to the Buyers at
the end of such twenty-four month period, the Transition Period shall be extended on a month to month basis until Buyer reasonably determines
that the Company Data has been migrated from Sellers systems to Buyers systems. During the Transition Period, (i) any configuration,
development and/or system changes to Salesforce environment must be mutually agreed upon by both Seller and Buyer prior to deployment
in production environments, to ensure such changes do not adversely impact operations; (ii) all changes to licenses within Sellers
Salesforce environment that may impact operations of the Company must be approved by Buyer; and (iii) Seller will cooperate with Buyers
reasonable requests regarding any changes to user licenses. The separation and migration process will be carried out entirely by Buyer
under its own direction and, subject to the immediately following sentence, resources with the cooperation of Seller where needed and
as requested by Buyer but without Seller assuming any liability in connection with any of such tasks. Seller will pay the associated cost
up to the Salesforce Development Cost which will be deducted from the Purchase Price at Closing as set forth in Section 2.2(a)(viii)
and any cost in excess of the Salesforce Development Cost shall be entirely assumed by Buyer. Seller shall ensure all necessary licenses
are maintained and fees are paid with respect Sellers Microsoft 365 tenant, Salesforce environment and any third party applications,
managed by Seller, that the Company utilized prior to Closing until completion of the migration of all Company Data to Buyers systems;
provided that Buyer shall reimburse Seller for all user license fees associated solely with the Company with respect to Sellers
Salesforce environment until the date in which user licenses are obtained by Buyer for Buyers Salesforce environment, at which
time, Buyer will be solely responsible for all user license fees for its Salesforce environment. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event
will Buyer be responsible for user license fees associated solely with the Company with respect to Sellers Salesforce environment
concurrently with user license fees associated with the Companys Buyers Salesforce 

46

environment. Seller shall maintain an
effective information security program and technical, administrative, and organization safeguards: (i) to ensure the security, integrity
and confidentiality of Company Data; (ii) to protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such Company
Data; and (iii) to protect against unauthorized access to or use of Company Data. Seller shall store, collect, process, disclose, and
otherwise use all Company Data in compliance with all applicable Laws, including all applicable data privacy and security Laws. After
Closing, Seller shall not in any manner use or disclose Company Data except for the sole benefit of Buyer in connection with the obligations
and services under this Section 6.17. Upon expiration of the Transition Period, Seller shall destroy or delete all Company Data
from Sellers hardware, software, and other information technology systems and infrastructure, including without limitation the
Sellers Microsoft 365 tenant environment and Salesforce environment, and provide Buyer written certification thereof. 

Section
6.18 Group Level Agreements.
Buyer acknowledges that the agreements of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries set forth in Section 6.18 of the Disclosure Schedules
have been executed by Seller directly at a group level. As a result of the Transaction, such agreements shall, subject to their own terms
and conditions, be assigned to the Company or its Subsidiaries with respect to the Business or, if such assignment is not possible by
the Closing, have their scope limited to the Business of Seller solely, all in accordance with the terms of the Master Distribution Agreement
Commercial. 

Section
6.19 Tail Insurance.
Prior to the Closing, the Company shall have obtained and paid for an extended reporting period also referred to as tail or runoff coverage
under the directors and officers liability, Employment Practices Liability, Fiduciary Liability insurance policy Cybersecurity
insurance policy by purchasing a tail policy with respect thereto for no less than six (6) years after the Closing Date
in a form reasonably acceptable to Buyer, including with respect to coverage amounts and Persons covered. Seller shall have provided a
copy of such tail or runoff coverage to Buyer prior to Closing. From and after the Closing, Buyer shall (and/or shall cause the Company
or its Subsidiaries or its other subsidiaries or Affiliates, as applicable, to) continue to honor its obligations under any such insurance
procured pursuant to this Section 6.22, and shall not cancel (or permit to be canceled) or take (or cause to be taken) any action
or omission that would reasonably be expected to result in the cancellation thereof. The cost of such tail policy shall constitute a Transaction
Expense.

Section
6.20 Company Employees.
It is Buyer intention to retain all of the Companys employees immediately following the Closing. Should a dismissal of an employee
take place following the Closing, Buyer agrees to assume, in its condition of sole shareholder of the Company, all costs and expenses
arising thereto and not to claim any liability or Losses against Seller for such dismissal(s), if any. Nothing in this Agreement, express
or implied, shall confer upon any employee of the Company, or legal representative or beneficiary thereof, any rights or remedies, including
any right to employment or continued employment for any specified period following the Closing, or compensation or benefits of any nature
or kind whatsoever under this Agreement.

Section
6.21 Further Assurances.
Following the Closing, each of the parties hereto shall execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments, conveyances and assurances
and take such further actions as may be reasonably required to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect to the Transactions. 

47

ARTICLE
VII

TAX MATTERS

Section
7.1 Tax Covenants.

(a) 
Without the prior written consent of Buyer, Seller (and, prior to the Closing, the Company, its Affiliates and their representatives)
shall not, to the extent it may affect, or relate to, the Company, make, change or rescind any Tax election, change an annual accounting
period, adopt or change any accounting method, amend any Tax Return or take any position on any Tax Return, settle any Tax claim or assessment
relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, surrender any right to claim a refund of Taxes, consent to any extension or waiver
of the limitation period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment take any action, settle any Tax claim or assessment relating to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, surrender any right to claim a refund of Taxes, consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation
period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment. Seller agree that Buyer is to have no liability for any Tax resulting from any action
of Seller, the Company, the Companys Subsidiaries, their Affiliates or any of their respective representatives, and agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless Buyer (and, after the Closing Date, the Company) against any such Tax or reduction of any Tax asset.

(b) 
All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, value added and other such Taxes and fees (including any penalties
and interest) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the other Ancillary Agreements (including any real property transfer Tax
and any other similar Tax) shall be borne and paid by Seller when due. Seller shall, at its own expense, timely file any Tax Return or
other document with respect to such Taxes or fees (and Buyer shall cooperate with respect thereto as necessary).

Section
7.2 Termination of Existing Tax Sharing
Agreements. Any and all existing Tax sharing agreements
(whether written or not) binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be terminated as of the Closing Date. After such date
none of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries Seller or any of their respective Affiliates and their respective Representatives shall have
any further rights or liabilities thereunder. 

Section
7.3 Tax Indemnification.
Except to the extent treated as a liability in the calculation of Closing Working Capital, Seller shall indemnify the Company, Buyer,
and each Affiliate and Representative of Buyer and hold them harmless from and against (a) any Losses attributable to any breach of or
inaccuracy in any representation or warranty made in Section 4.16; (b) any Losses attributable to any breach or violation of, or
failure to fully perform, any covenant, agreement, undertaking or obligation in ARTICLE VII; (c) all Taxes of the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or relating to the Business of the Company for all Pre-Closing Tax Periods; (d) all Taxes of any member of an affiliated,
consolidated, combined or unitary group of which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any predecessors of the Company ) are or was
a member on or prior to the Closing Date by reason of a liability under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any comparable provisions
of foreign, state or local Law; and (e) any and all Taxes of any person imposed on the Company arising under the principles of transferee
or successor liability or by contract, relating to an event or transaction occurring before the Closing Date; provided, however, that
in the case of clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) above, Seller shall be liable only to the extent that such Taxes exceed the amount, if any,
reserved for such Taxes (excluding any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax income)
on the face of the Closing Balance Sheet (rather than in any notes thereto) and taken into account in determining the adjustments to Purchase
Price set forth in Section 2.3. Seller shall reimburse Buyer for any Taxes of the Company that are the responsibility of Seller
pursuant to this Section 7.3 within fifteen (15) business days after payment of such Taxes by Buyer or the Company. In each of
the above cases, together with any out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including attorneys' and accountants' fees) incurred in connection
therewith. Seller shall reimburse Buyer for any Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries that are the responsibility of Seller pursuant
to this ARTICLE VII. 

48

Section
7.4 Straddle Period.
In the case of Taxes that are payable with respect to a taxable period that begins before and ends on or after the Closing Date (each
such period, a Straddle Period), the portion of any such Taxes that are treated as Pre-Closing Taxes for purposes
of this Agreement shall be:

(a) 
in the case of property Taxes, ad valorem Taxes or other Taxes based on the value of property, deemed to be the amount of such
Taxes for the entire period multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days in the period ending on the day immediately
preceding the Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of days in the Straddle Period; and

(b) 
in the case of all other Taxes, shall be determined based on an interim closing of the books as of the close of business on the
day immediately preceding the Closing Date (and for such purpose, the taxable period of any partnership or other pass-through entity in
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries hold a beneficial interest shall be deemed to terminate at such time.

Section
7.5 Cooperation and Exchange of Information.
Seller and Buyer shall provide each other with such cooperation and information as either of them reasonably may request of the other
in filing any Tax Return pursuant to this ARTICLE V11 or in connection with any audit, litigation or other proceeding in respect of Taxes
of the Company. Such cooperation and information shall include providing copies of relevant Tax Returns or portions thereof, together
with accompanying schedules, related work papers and documents relating to rulings or other determinations by tax authorities. Each of
Seller and Buyer shall retain all Tax Returns, schedules and work papers, records and other documents in its possession relating to Tax
matters of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for any taxable period beginning before the Closing Date until the expiration of the
statute of limitations of the taxable periods to which such Tax Returns and other documents relate, without regard to extensions except
to the extent notified by the other party in writing of such extensions for the respective Tax periods. Prior to transferring, destroying
or discarding any Tax Returns, schedules and work papers, records and other documents in its possession relating to Tax matters of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any taxable period beginning before the Closing Date, Seller or Buyer (as the case may be) shall
provide the other party with reasonable written notice and offer the other party the opportunity to take custody of such materials. Buyer
and Seller further agree, upon request, to use their best efforts to obtain any certificate or other document from any governmental authority
or any other Person as may be necessary to mitigate, reduce or eliminate any Tax that could be imposed (including with respect to the
Transactions).

Section
7.6 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments.
Any indemnification payments pursuant to this ARTICLE VII shall be treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price by the parties for Tax
purposes, unless otherwise required by Law.

Section
7.7 Survival.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the provisions of this ARTICLE VII shall survive for the full period of all
applicable statutes of limitations (giving effect to any waiver, mitigation or extension thereof) plus 90 days.

Section
7.8 Overlap.
To the extent that any obligation or responsibility pursuant to Article IX may overlap with an obligation or responsibility pursuant
to this ARTICLE VII, the provisions of this ARTICLE VII shall govern.

49

ARTICLE
VIII

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section
8.1 General Conditions.
The respective obligations of Buyer, Seller and the Company to consummate the Transactions shall be subject to the fulfillment, at or
prior to the Closing, of the following condition, which may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, be waived in writing by either
party in its sole discretion; provided, that such waiver shall only be effective as to the obligations of such party:

(a) 
No Injunction or Prohibition. No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any
Order which is in effect making the Transactions illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Transactions.

Section
8.2 Conditions to Obligations of Seller.
The obligations of Seller and the Company to consummate the Transactions shall be subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing,
of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in writing by Seller in its sole discretion:

(a) 
Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The representations and warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement or any
Ancillary Agreement or any schedule, certificate or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection with the Transactions
shall be true and correct both when made and as of the Closing Date, or in the case of representations and warranties that are made as
of a specified date, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such specified date. Buyer shall have performed
all obligations and agreements and complied with all covenants and conditions required by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement to
be performed or complied with by it prior to or at the Closing. Seller shall have received from Buyer a certificate of the Chief Executive
Officer of Buyer to the effect set forth in the preceding sentences.

(b) 
Closing Deliverables. Seller shall have received the deliveries set forth in Section 2.6(b)(ii) hereof.

Section
8.3 Conditions to Obligations of Buyer.
The obligations of Buyer to consummate the Transactions shall be subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the
following conditions, any of which may be waived in writing by Buyer in its sole discretion:

(a) 
Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The representations and warranties of Seller and the Company contained in this
Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement or any schedule, certificate or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection
with the Transactions shall be true and correct both when made and as of the Closing Date, or in the case of representations and warranties
that are made as of a specified date, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such specified date. Each of
Seller and the Company shall have performed all obligations and agreements and complied with all covenants and conditions required by
this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to or at the Closing.

(b) 
Closing Deliverables. Buyer shall have received the deliveries set forth in Section 2.6(c)(iii) hereof.

ARTICLE
IX

INDEMNIFICATION

Section
9.1 Survival.
The representations and warranties of Seller, the Company and Buyer contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing until the eighteen
(18) month anniversary of the 

50

Closing Date; provided, however, that the representations and warranties set forth in Section
3.1 (Authority), Section 3.3 (Brokers), Section 4.1 (Organization), Section 4.2 (Authority), Section
4.4 (Capitalization), Section 4.5 (Subsidiaries), Section 4.21 (Brokers), Section 4.29 (Installation Costs),
Section 5.1 (Organization), Section 5.2 (Authority) and Section 5.3 (Brokers) (Sections 3.1, 3.3,
4.1, 4.2, 4.4, 4.5, 4.21, 4.29, 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 are collectively referred
to herein as the Fundamental Representations), and any representation in the case of fraud, misrepresentation or
intentional breach, shall survive the Closing until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. The Special Indemnity and
covenants and agreements of the parties hereunder shall survive the Closing indefinitely
or for the period explicitly specified therein and the period during which a claim for indemnification may be asserted in connection
therewith shall continue in effect and expire in accordance with their respective terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any claims asserted
in good faith with reasonable specificity (to the extent known at such time) and in writing by notice from the non-breaching party to
the breaching party prior to the expiration date of the applicable survival period shall not thereafter be barred by the expiration of
such survival period and such claims shall survive until finally resolved.

Section
9.2 Indemnification by Seller.
Seller shall save, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Buyer and its Affiliates (including the Company) and the respective Representatives,
successors and assigns of each of the foregoing from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, awards,
judgments, penalties, costs and expenses (including attorneys fees, costs and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in investigating,
preparing or defending the foregoing but excluding loss of profit and punitive damages except to the extent punitive damages are actually
awarded to a Governmental Authority or other third party) (hereinafter collectively, Losses), asserted against, incurred,
sustained or suffered by any of the foregoing as a result of, arising out of or relating to:

(a) 
any inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty made by Seller and/or the Company ARTICLE III and ARTICLE IV of this
Agreement;

(b) 
any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant or agreement by Seller and the Company in this Agreement;

(c) 
any Indebtedness or Transaction Expenses of the Company outstanding as of the Closing to the extent not deducted from the Purchase
Price in the determination of the Closing Cash Payment pursuant to Section 2.2(a); and

(d) 
the claims and Actions set forth on Section 9.2(d) of the Disclosure Schedules, and any claims or Actions including any warranty
or product liability claims or Actions, arising out of, based upon or relating to the Business or the Company for the periods prior to
the Closing Date, whether or not incurred prior to the Closing Date (the Special Indemnity).

Section
9.3 Indemnification by Buyer.
Buyer shall save, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Seller and their respective Affiliates and Representatives, successors and assigns
of each of the foregoing from and against any and all Losses asserted against, incurred, sustained or suffered by any of the foregoing
as a result of, arising out of or relating to:

(a) 
any inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty made by Buyer in ARTICLE V of this Agreement; and

(b) 
any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant or agreement by Buyer in this Agreement.

51

Section
9.4 Indemnification Procedures.
The party making a claim under this ARTICLE IX is referred to as the Indemnified Party,
and the party against whom such claims are asserted under this ARTICLE IX is referred to as the Indemnifying
Party.

(a) 
Third-Party Claims. If any Indemnified Party receives notice of the assertion or commencement of any Action made or brought
by any Person who is not a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate of a party to this Agreement or a Representative of the foregoing (a
Third-Party Claim) against such Indemnified Party with respect to which
the Indemnifying Party is obligated to provide indemnification under this Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying
Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof, but in any event not later than thirty (3) days after receipt of such notice of such Third-Party
Claim. The failure to give such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations,
except and only to the extent that the Indemnifying Party forfeits rights or defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified
Party shall describe the Third-Party Claim in reasonable detail, shall include copies of all material written evidence thereof and shall
indicate the estimated amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party. The
Indemnifying Party shall have the right to participate in, or by giving written notice to the Indemnified Party, to assume the defense
of any Third-Party Claim at the Indemnifying Party's expense and by the Indemnifying Party's own counsel, and the Indemnified Party shall
cooperate in good faith in such defense; provided, that if the Indemnifying Party
is Seller, such Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to defend or direct the defense of any such Third-Party Claim that (x) is
asserted directly by or on behalf of a Person that is a supplier or customer of the Company if in the reasonable judgment of Indemnified
Party (which may be asserted at any time) the Indemnifying Party's defense of such Third-Party Claim could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Indemnified Partys (or the Companys) existing or prospective relationship with such supplier
or customer, or (y) seeks an injunction or other equitable relief against the Indemnified Party. In the event that the Indemnifying Party
assumes the defense of any Third-Party Claim, subject to Section 9.4(b), it shall have the right to take such action as it
deems necessary to avoid, dispute, defend, appeal or make counterclaims pertaining to any such Third-Party Claim in the name and on behalf
of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense of any Third-Party Claim with counsel
selected by it subject to the Indemnifying Party's right to control the defense thereof. The fees and disbursements of such counsel shall
be at the expense of the Indemnified Party, provided, that if in the reasonable opinion
of counsel to the Indemnified Party, (A) there are legal defenses available to an Indemnified Party that are different from or additional
to those available to the Indemnifying Party; or (B) there exists a conflict of interest between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified
Party that cannot be waived, the Indemnifying Party shall be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified
Party in each jurisdiction for which the Indemnified Party determines counsel is required. If the Indemnifying Party elects not to compromise
or defend such Third-Party Claim, fails to promptly notify the Indemnified Party in writing of its election to defend as provided in this
Agreement, or fails to diligently prosecute the defense of such Third-Party Claim, the Indemnified Party may, subject to Section 9.4(b),
pay, compromise, defend such Third-Party Claim and seek indemnification for any and all Losses based upon, arising from or relating to
such Third-Party Claim. Seller and Buyer shall cooperate with each other in all reasonable respects in connection with the defense of
any Third-Party Claim, including making available (subject to the provisions of Section 9.4(b)) records relating to such Third-Party
Claim and furnishing, without expense (other than reimbursement of actual out-of-pocket expenses) to the defending party, management employees
of the non-defending party as may be reasonably necessary for the preparation of the defense of such Third-Party Claim.

(b) 
Settlement of Third-Party Claims. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Indemnifying Party shall not
enter into settlement of any Third-Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, except as provided in this
Section 9.4(b). If a firm offer is made to settle a Third-Party Claim without leading to Liability or the creation of a financial
or other 

52

obligation on the part of the Indemnified Party and provides, in customary form, for the unconditional release of each Indemnified
Party from all Liabilities and obligations in connection with such Third-Party Claim and the Indemnifying Party desires to accept and
agree to such offer, the Indemnifying Party shall give written notice to that effect to the Indemnified Party. If the Indemnified Party
fails to consent to such firm offer within ten (10) days after its receipt of such notice, the Indemnified Party may continue to contest
or defend such Third-Party Claim and in such event the maximum liability of the Indemnifying Party as to such Third-Party Claim shall
not exceed the amount of such settlement offer. If the Indemnified Party fails to consent to such firm offer and also fails to assume
defense of such Third-Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party may settle the Third-Party Claim upon the terms set forth in such firm offer
to settle such Third-Party Claim. If the Indemnified Party has assumed the defense pursuant to Section 9.4(a), it shall not
agree to any settlement without the written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed).

(c) 
Direct Claims. Any Action by an Indemnified Party on account of a Loss which does not result from a Third-Party Claim (a
Direct Claim) shall be asserted by the Indemnified Party giving the Indemnifying
Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof, but in any event not later than thirty (30) days after the Indemnified Party becomes aware
of such Direct Claim. The failure to give such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification
obligations, except and only to the extent that the Indemnifying Party forfeits rights or defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice
by the Indemnified Party shall describe the Direct Claim in reasonable detail, shall include copies of all material written evidence thereof
and shall indicate the estimated amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party.
The Indemnifying Party shall have thirty (30) days after its receipt of such notice to respond in writing to such Direct Claim. The Indemnified
Party shall allow the Indemnifying Party and its professional advisors to investigate the matter or circumstance alleged to give rise
to the Direct Claim, and whether and to what extent any amount is payable in respect of the Direct Claim and the Indemnified Party shall
assist the Indemnifying Party's investigation by giving such information and assistance (including access to the Company's premises and
personnel and the right to examine and copy any accounts, documents or records) as the Indemnifying Party or any of its professional advisors
may reasonably request. If the Indemnifying Party does not so respond within such thirty (30) day period, the Indemnifying Party shall
be deemed to have rejected such claim, in which case the Indemnified Party shall be free to pursue such remedies as may be available to
the Indemnified Party on the terms and subject to the provisions of this Agreement.

(d) 
Once a Loss is agreed to by the Indemnifying Party or finally adjudicated to be payable pursuant to this ARTICLE IX,
the Indemnifying Party shall satisfy its obligations within ten (10) Business Days of such final, non-appealable adjudication by wire
transfer of immediately available funds.

Section
9.5 Tax Matters.
Anything in this ARTICLE IX (except for the specific reference to Tax matters in Section 9.1) to the contrary notwithstanding,
the rights and obligations of the parties with respect to indemnification for any and all Tax matters shall be governed by ARTICLE VII.

Section
9.6 Disclosure and Buyers Knowledge.
Buyer acknowledges and agrees that it has conducted its own independent review and analysis of the Shares, the Company and its
Subsidiaries and the Business and that, as part of such review and analysis, it has had the opportunity to conduct a commercial, accounting,
financial, tax, employment, technical and legal due diligence exercise with reputable advisers, to hold interviews with Seller and the
directors and managers of the Company and its Subsidiaries and to raise such questions as it and its advisers have considered appropriate.
In deciding to enter into this Agreement and the other Ancillary Agreements and to purchase and acquire the Shares on the Closing Date
pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, Buyer has relied on its own analysis, evaluation and professional advice concerning
the Shares, the Group and the Business. As a result thereof, Seller shall not be liable to Buyer under this Agreement in respect of any
Losses to the extent that the relevant fact, circumstance or omission which is the subject matter of such claim was Disclosed as at the
date of this Agreement in the Disclosed Information or (b) was actually known as at the date of this Agreement by Buyer, any of Buyers
Affiliates or their officers, directors, managers, representatives or advisors (Buyers Knowledge).

53

Section
9.7 Limitations on Indemnification.
Neither Seller nor Buyer shall be obligated to indemnify or hold harmless the other in respect of any Losses suffered, incurred or sustained
by such party under Section 9.2(a) or Section 9.3(a), as applicable, until such Losses, excluding the payment of the Purchase
Price, equal or exceed Six Hundred Fifty Three Thousand Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($653,250) in the aggregate (the Threshold)
(at which point such party will be obligated to indemnify the other for the amount of such Losses from the first dollar) and neither Seller
nor Buyer shall be obligated to indemnify the other for the amount of any Losses as a result of any breach or breaches under Section
9.2(a) or Section 9.3(a), as applicable, in excess of Six Million Five Hundred Thirty Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($6,532,500)
(the Cap); provided, however, that the Threshold and Cap shall not apply to any Losses resulting from (i) fraud on
the part of such party, or (ii) any breach of or inaccuracy in any of the Fundamental Representations; provided further, however, that
nothing in this Section 9.6 shall limit the obligation of Seller to indemnify Buyer with respect to the items set forth in Section
9.2(b), Section 9.2(c) and Section 9.2(d) or the obligation of Buyer to indemnify Seller with respect to the items set
forth in Section 9.3(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the maximum liability of Seller or Buyer, as applicable, for the payment
of Losses shall not exceed the Purchase Price.

Section
9.8 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments.
To the maximum extent permitted by Law, it is the intention of the parties to treat any indemnity payment made under this Agreement as
an adjustment to the purchase price for all federal, state, local and foreign Tax purposes, and the parties agree to file their Tax Returns
accordingly.

Section
9.9 Exclusive Remedies.
Subject to Section 2.3 (which shall govern any Closing Working Capital disputes in accordance with the dispute mechanism set forth
therein), the remedies provided in this ARTICLE IX shall be the sole and exclusive remedies of the parties hereto and their heirs, successors
and assigns after the Closing with respect to this Agreement and the Transactions including, without limitation, any breach or non-performance
of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained herein, except in the case of fraud, willful misconduct or intentional
misrepresentation, in which case the aggrieved party shall have all rights and remedies available under this Agreement and available under
Law against the other party, and the limitations contained in this ARTICLE IX shall not apply with respect to fraud, willful misconduct
or intentional misrepresentation. After the Closing, subject to the foregoing, this ARTICLE IX will provide the exclusive remedy against
Seller for any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement and/or the
Transactions. Nothing in this Section 9.9 shall limit any Persons right to seek and obtain any equitable relief to which
any Person shall be entitled or to seek any remedy on account of any partys fraudulent, criminal or intentional misconduct.

ARTICLE
X

Section
10.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated, and the Transactions may be abandoned: 

(a) 
By the mutual written consent of Buyer and Seller;

(b) 
By either Buyer or Seller, upon ten (10) days prior written notice to the other party, if the Closing shall not have occurred on
or before May 31, 2025; provided, however, that the right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1(b) shall not be available to any party whose material breach of any representation, warranty,
covenant, or agreement set forth in this Agreement has been a contributing cause of, or was a contributing factor that resulted in, the
failure of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be consummated on or before the Drop Dead Date; 

54

(c) 
Before Closing, by either Buyer or Seller if any Governmental Entity shall have issued an Order which is in effect making the Transactions
illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Transactions

Section
10.2 Effect of Termination.
Upon termination of this Agreement pursuant Section 10.1, all of the obligations of the parties shall terminate except those under
Section 11.1, Section 11.8, and Section 11.9; provided, however, that (i) no such termination shall
relieve any party of any liability to the other party by reason of any breach of or default under this Agreement, and (ii) the parties
shall not publicly disclose, and the parties shall cause their Affiliates and Representatives not to publicly disclose, the proposed terms
and conditions set forth herein or any non-public information regarding the other party, except as may be required by Law. 

ARTICLE
XI

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section
11.1 Fees and Expenses.
All fees and expenses incurred in connection with or related to this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and the Transactions shall
be paid by the party incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not such transactions are consummated; provided, that if the Transactions
are consummated, Transaction Expenses shall be borne and paid as provided in this Agreement. 

Section
11.2 Amendment and Modification.
This Agreement may not be amended, modified or supplemented in any manner, whether by course of conduct or otherwise, except by an instrument
in writing specifically designated as an amendment hereto, signed on behalf of each party.

Section
11.3 Waiver.
No failure or delay of any party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, or any course
of conduct, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the
parties hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies, which they would otherwise have hereunder. Any agreement
on the part of any party to any such waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument executed and delivered by a duly
authorized officer on behalf of such party.

Section
11.4 Notices.
All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been given (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received by the addressee if sent by a nationally
recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); or (c) on the date sent by e-mail of a PDF document (with confirmation of transmission)
if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient,
provided that a copy of such e-mail notice is also delivered in compliance with clauses (a) or (b) above within two (2) business days
after such e-mail transmission. Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such other
address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 11.4):

(i) 
if to Seller or the Company (before the Closing Date)

55

Girbau, S.A.

Carretera de Manlleu

08500 Vic (Barcelona) Spain

Email: mgirbau@girbau.com

Telephone No.: +34 937 027 000

Attn.: Mrs. Merc Girbau

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice)
to:

Ura Menndez

Av. Diagonal, 514

08006 Barcelona

Spain

Email:
jose.soria@uria.com

Telephone No.: +34 934 165 146

Attn: Jos Soria Sorjs

if to Buyer or the Company (after the Closing Date), to:

EVI Industries, Inc.

4500 Biscayne Boulevard

Suite 340

Miami, Florida 33137

Email:
hnahmad@evi-ind.com

Telephone No.: (305) 402-9300

Attn.: Mr. Henry M. Nahmad

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Troutman Pepper Locke LLP

875 Third Avenue

New York, NY 10022

Email: joseph.walsh@troutman.com

Telephone No.: (212) 704-6030

Attn.: Joseph Walsh, Esq.

Section
11.5 Interpretation.
When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section, Article, Exhibit or Schedule such reference shall be to a Section, Article, Exhibit
or Schedule of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement or in any Exhibit
or Schedule are for convenience of reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
All words used in this Agreement will be construed to be of such gender or number as the circumstances require. Any capitalized terms
used in any Exhibit or Schedule but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. All Exhibits and
Schedules annexed hereto or referred to herein are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth herein. The
word including and words of similar import when used in this Agreement will mean including, without limitation,
unless otherwise specified.

Section
11.6 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules hereto), the Ancillary Agreements and the confidentiality agreement executed between
the parties constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior written agreements, arrangements, communications and understandings
and all prior and contemporaneous oral agreements, arrangements, communications and understandings between the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof and thereof. Notwithstanding any oral agreement or course of conduct of the parties or their Representatives
to the contrary, no party to this Agreement shall be under any legal obligation to enter into or complete the Transactions unless and
until this Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by each of the parties.

56

Section
11.7 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
Except as provided in Article IX, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person other
than the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature under
or by reason of this Agreement.

Section
11.8 Governing Law.
This Agreement and all disputes or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements or the Transactions
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Florida, without regard to the laws of any other
jurisdiction that might be applied because of the conflicts of laws principles of the State of Florida. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW, THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING
OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DEALINGS BETWEEN THEM RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED
TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT
CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS AGREEMENT
MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.

Section
11.9 Submission to Jurisdiction.
Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for
the Eleventh Judicial District of Florida and the courts of the State of Florida located in Miami-Dade County in connection with any Action
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements or the Transactions, waives any objection to venue in the Eleventh
Judicial District of Florida and the courts of the State of Florida located in Miami-Dade County, and agrees that service of any summons,
complaint, notice or other process relating to such proceeding may be effected in the manner provided by Section 11.4.

Section
11.10 Assignment; Successors.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement may be assigned or delegated, in whole or
in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by either party without the prior written consent of the other party, and any such assignment
without such prior written consent shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure
to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

Section
11.11 Severability.
Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable Law, but if any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable
in any respect under any applicable Law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect
any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in
such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been contained herein.

Section
11.12 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic
signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart
so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

57

Section
11.13 No Presumption Against Drafting Party.
Each of Buyer and Seller acknowledges that each party to this Agreement has been represented by counsel in connection with this Agreement
and the Transactions. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any claimed ambiguities
in this Agreement against the drafting party has no application and is expressly waived.

Section
11.14 Specific Performance.
The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms
hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy to which they
are entitled at law or in equity. 

[The remainder
of this page is intentionally left blank.]

58

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused
this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.

BUYER

EVI INDUSTRIES, INC.

By: /s/ Henry M. Nahmad

Name: Henry M. Nahmad

Title: Chief Executive Officer

COMPANY

GIRBAU NORTH AMERICA LLC

By: /s/ Michael T. Floyd

Name: Michael T. Floyd

Title: President

SELLER

GIRBAU S.A.

By: /s/ Merc Girbau

Name: Merc Girbau

Title: Chair and Chief Executive Officer

59
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EVI Industries to Acquire Girbau North America

The transaction is expected to be EVIs
30th and largest acquisition in the ten-year history of its buy-and-build growth strategy. EVI will ring the closing bell at
the New York Stock Exchange today, Monday March 3, 2025, to commemorate this ten-year anniversary and its achievements over the past decade.

MIAMI, Florida March 3, 2025 (BUSINESS WIRE)EVI
Industries, Inc. (NYSE American: EVI) announced today that it has executed a definitive agreement to acquire Oshkosh, WI based Girbau
North America, Inc. (GNA) from Girbau S.A. (Girbau), a Spanish-based and globally recognized leader in the manufacture of commercial and
industrial laundry products.

Henry Nahmad, EVIs Chairman and CEO,
commented: Ten years ago, we embarked on a journey to build the undisputed leader in and around the commercial laundry industry
and in doing so, produce attractive returns for our shareholders. Since the implementation of our long-term growth strategy, EVI has grown
by more than 12x, completed twenty-nine acquisitions, driven organic growth, set various performance records, sustained solid fundamentals,
and more. Along the journey, we have stressed that our strategy is long-term focused and takes time, patience, and thoughtful execution.
In 2018, we entered a distribution relationship with Girbau, through GNA, that has been pivotal to each companies growth. Amid
our mutual success, we cultivated a relationship with the Girbau family founded on trust and confidence, which provided a solid foundation
to enter this transaction and a long-term distribution relationship.

Founded in 1995 as a wholly owned master distributor
of Girbau, GNA has featured Girbau-manufactured products as the centerpiece of a diverse product offering that also includes products
manufactured by third parties. For more than twenty years, GNA has been under the continuous leadership of Mike Floyd, President of GNA,
and has grown into a dynamic organization, including a team of devoted commercial laundry professionals serving select EVI distributors
and dozens of independently owned commercial laundry distributors and service providers across North America. In addition to promoting
a diverse product range, GNA supports its distributor customers with sales development, service training, marketing, logistics and technical
support, and other services. For the twelve-months ended December 31, 2024, GNA generated $75 million of revenue and approximately 9.5%
operating income and as of December 31, 2024, GNA had produced a five-year compounded annual growth rate in revenue of 11%.

Merc Girbau, Chair and CEO of Girbau
commented: This long-term relationship will strengthen our presence in North America and allows us to continue innovating in a
key market. With EVI as our distribution partner and GNA a part of the team, we are ensured continued growth and a focus on excellence
in customer service.

The acquisition of GNA is expected to expand EVIs
reach to include GNAs broad network of distributor customers and enhance EVIs functional support capabilities with GNAs
experienced team of laundry professionals. EVI and GNA will pursue strategies that promote growth and create new opportunities for members
of GNAs extensive distribution network. This will include the opportunity to sell additional equipment, parts, and complementary
products, including any new commercial laundry equipment manufactured by Girbau in the future, access to EVIs installation and
service capabilities, and modern technologies, in each case aimed to drive growth and efficiencies while improving the customer experience.
Further, the addition of GNA is expected to expand EVIs capabilities in the areas of strategic sourcing, logistics, marketing and
technology development. EVI believes that the result will be a cohesive organization with the necessary resources for significant and
sustained expansion.

Consistent with EVIs decentralized operating
model, GNA will continue to be led by Mike Floyd and include every member of GNAs team of laundry professionals. GNA will operate
under its current name and from its present locations to continue to support its distributor customers and serve its business partners
as it has historically. On a pro forma basis, for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2024, GNA would have contributed approximately
$50 million in net revenue and approximately $7.0 million in operating income. The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive
to EVIs earnings.

Mr. Nahmad added: We are excited about
the growth opportunities available through GNA as we believe this addition accelerates our strategy to develop a national network of high
performing commercial laundry businesses to serve end user customers with the broadest array of products and exceptional technical services.
Achieving long-term strategic alignment with all our manufacturing partners has been a key driver of our success. We remain steadfast
in our continued pursuit of growth and will continue to align the Company with those that share our principles, values, and commitment
to growth.

EVI is the largest value-added distributor of commercial
laundry products and provider of related technical installation and maintenance services in North America. Through disciplined execution
of its buy-and-build growth strategy and a thriving entrepreneurial culture, EVI has established itself as the leader in the highly
fragmented North American commercial laundry distribution and services market. Since 2016, EVI has, among other things, completed twenty-nine
acquisitions, expanded into new geographies, retained and invested in additional sales and service personnel, broadened its OEM representations,
and implemented advanced operating technologies. EVI maintains a founder-led management team with CEO, Henry M. Nahmad, and other executives
and regional leaders that principally include founders of its acquired businesses, who collectively own more than 60% of the Company.
EVI believes that its ownership and leadership structure allow management to operate with the necessary autonomy to maintain its focus
on long-term value creation, including through industry consolidation, organic growth, and technological modernization. Since 2016, EVI
has delivered a compounded annual growth rate in revenue, net income, and adjusted EBITDA of 31%, 19%, and 28%, respectively, while maintaining
a low-leverage balance sheet that has positioned the Company to execute on strategic transactions.

Mr. Nahmad added: Today, we not only
celebrate our decade of success, but also the largest acquisition in our Companys history an accomplishment that speaks
to the hard work and dedication of every member of the EVI family. This moment represents more than just business growth with high-quality
professionals and loyal partners, it reflects the shared journey, camaraderie, and accomplishments that we have all enjoyed together.

EVI will pay consideration of approximately
$43 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments, which will be funded through EVIs revolving credit facility.
Simultaneously with the execution of the definitive agreement, EVI entered into a Commitment Letter with Bank of America, the Lead
Arranger in the Companys existing Credit Agreement, and with Wells Fargo, primarily to amend the Credit Agreement to increase
the amount of the revolving commitments by $50 million (to $150 million) and to increase accordion feature, which may increase the revolving
credit facility, by $10 million (to $50 million), for a total of $200 million. It is contemplated that the amendment to the Credit
Agreement will also include a new five-year term on financial terms consistent with the current terms commencing concurrent with the closing
of the acquisition of GNA. 

EVIs Core Principles: EVI upholds specific
core values and principles for its business, including:

Invest and manage with a long-term perspective

Uphold financial discipline with a view towards
ensuring financial strength and flexibility

Respect the entrepreneurs and management teams
that join the EVI family

Operate each business as a local business and
empower its leaders to make local decisions 

Promote an entrepreneurial culture 

Instill a growth mindset and culture of continuous
improvement

Incentivize and reward performance with equity
participation 

Establish strong relationships with our OEM partners

Forward Looking Statements

Except for the historical matters contained herein,
statements in this press release are forward-looking and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual
results, trends, performance or achievements of EVI, or industry trends and results, to differ from the future results, trends, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, the risk
that any of the anticipated benefits and projected synergies of the potential transaction may not be realized, including that the proposed
acquisition of GNA may not be accretive to EVIs earnings or otherwise have a positive impact on EVIs financial condition
or operating results, including revenues or operating profit, to the extent anticipated or at all, integration risks, risks related to
the business, operations and prospects of GNA and EVIs plans with respect thereto, the risk that the conditions to closing the
proposed acquisition may not be satisfied, that an event, change or other circumstance may occur and give rise to the termination of the
agreement and that the proposed acquisition may not otherwise be consummated when expected, in accordance with the contemplated terms,
or at all, the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed acquisition on the parties business relationships
and businesses generally, risks related to the financing of the proposed acquisition, including that there is no assurance that the contemplated
amendment to EVIs Credit Facility will be entered into on the contemplated terms, or at all, and risks related to indebtedness
incurred by EVI in connection with the proposed acquisition. Reference is also made to other economic, competitive, governmental, technological
and other risks and factors discussed in EVIs filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation,
those disclosed in the Risk Factors section of Amendment No. 1 to EVIs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on September 13, 2024. Many of these risks and factors are beyond EVIs control. In
addition, past performance and perceived trends may not be indicative of future results. EVI cautions that the foregoing factors are not
exclusive. The reader should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement, which speaks only as of the date made. EVI does
not undertake to, and specifically disclaims any obligation to, update or supplement any forward-looking statement, whether as a result
of changes in circumstances, new information, subsequent events or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information

In this press release, EVI discloses the non-GAAP
financial measure of adjusted EBITDA, which EVI defines as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and amortization
of stock-based compensation. Adjusted EBITDA is determined by adding interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, and amortization
of stock-based compensation to net income. EVI considers adjusted EBITDA to be an important indicator of its operating performance. Adjusted
EBITDA is also used by companies, lenders, investors and others because it excludes certain items that can vary widely across different
industries or among companies within the same industry. For example, interest expense can be dependent on a companys capital structure,
debt levels and credit ratings, and the tax positions of companies can vary because of their differing abilities to take advantage of
tax benefits and because of the tax policies of the jurisdictions in which they operate. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an
alternative to net income or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity, including cash flow, derived in accordance with
GAAP, or to any other method of analyzing EVIs results as reported under GAAP.

Contact Information Investor Relations 

EVI Industries, Inc. Craig Ettelman

4500 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 340 Director of Finance and Investor Relations

Miami, Florida 33137 305.402.9303

305.402.9300 info@evi-ind.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>evi-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>evi-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>evi-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-14757

Entity Registrant Name EVI Industries, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000065312

Entity Tax Identification Number 11-2014231

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4500 Biscayne Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 340

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33137

City Area Code (305)

Local Phone Number 402-9300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $.025 par value

Trading Symbol EVI

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Not Applicable

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://evi-ind.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

evi-20250228.xsd 
evi-20250228_lab.xml 
evi-20250228_pre.xml 
form8k-33751_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001174947-25-000300-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8k-33751_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000065312 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000065312 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
EVI Industries, Inc. 
DE 
001-14757 
11-2014231 
4500 Biscayne Blvd. 
Suite 340 
Miami 
FL 
33137 
(305) 
402-9300 
Not Applicable 
Common Stock, $.025 par value 
EVI 
NYSEAMER 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>