<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-021950.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-021950.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310081541
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-021950
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250307
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			reAlpha Tech Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001859199
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				863425507
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41839
		FILM NUMBER:		25722238

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6515 LONGSHORE LOOP #100
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6146337155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6515 LONGSHORE LOOP #100
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ReAlpha Asset Management Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210427
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233672-8k_realpha.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185919900018591992025-03-072025-03-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (date
of earliest event reported): March 7, 2025

reAlpha Tech Corp.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41839 86-3425507

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

6515 Longshore Loop,
Suite 100, Dublin, OH43017

(Address of principal
executive offices and zip code)

(707) 732-5742

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share AIRE The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Advertising Agreement and Investment Agreement
with Mercurius Media Capital LP 

On March 7, 2025 (the Closing
Date), reAlpha Tech Corp. (the Company) simultaneously entered into an Advertising Agreement (the Advertising
Agreement) and an Investment Agreement (the Investment Agreement, and together with the Advertising Agreement, the
Transaction Documents) with Mercurius Media Capital LP (MMC). In accordance with the Transaction Documents,
the Company agreed to issue and sell to MMC 250,000 shares (the Preferred Shares) of the Companys Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock), which powers, preferences, rights, qualifications,
limitations and restrictions applicable to the Series A Preferred Stock are set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Preferences,
Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February
20, 2025 (the Certificate of Designation), for an aggregate purchase price of $5,000,000 (the Consideration).
The Consideration will be paid to the Company in the form of a Credit (as defined in the Advertising Agreement) issued by MMC to the Company
at the Closing Date in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Advertising Agreement.

Under the Advertising Agreement,
the Company will have until December 31, 2025, or, if extended pursuant to the terms of the Advertising Agreement at the request of the
Company (the Extension Period), March 31, 2026 (such term, as extended pursuant to the terms of the Advertising Agreement,
the Credit Term), to utilize its Credit with MMC to purchase advertisements in the Media (as defined in the Advertising
Agreement) related to the Companys products, services, brands and business, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the Advertising Agreement. Any unused portion of the Credit at the expiration of the Credit Term will be forfeited by the Company,
subject to the compliance of MMC with the terms and obligations set forth in the Advertising Agreement. To the extent the original Credit
Term is extended in accordance with the terms of the Advertising Agreement, the Company will only be able to utilize a maximum of $1,000,000
of the remaining Credit during such Extension Period. In order to purchase advertisements in the Media, the Company will be required to
submit Media Credit Orders (as defined in the Advertising Agreement) to MMC, and, upon receipt of those Media Credit Orders by MMC, the
Credit relating to those will be deemed used, provided that all advertisements relating to such Media Credit Order run on the Media in
accordance therewith no later than 90 days after the last date specified in the applicable Media Credit Order, and, to the extent the
advertisements do not run in the applicable Media, such Credit shall be re-added to the Companys overall Credit to be used during
the Credit Term. Each of MMC and the Company may terminate the Advertising Agreement at any time in the event of a Material Breach (as
defined in the Advertising Agreement) by the Company or MMC, provided that such Material Breach, if capable of cure or remedy, has not
been cured or remedied by such defaulting party within 60 days of the receipt of written notice of such Material Breach by the defaulting
party.

Additionally, the Investment
Agreement further provides that, to the extent that the aggregate value of the Conversion Shares (as defined in the Certificate of Designation)
issued upon the Automatic Conversion (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) is less than the Consideration, as determined based
on the closing price of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), as reported on
the Nasdaq Stock Market on the applicable Automatic Conversion Date (as defined in the Certificate of Designation), then the Company shall
pay for such difference in cash or in shares of Common Stock (the Shortfall Shares, and together with the Conversion Shares,
the Shares), at the Companys sole discretion, no later than 30 calendar days after the Automatic Conversion Date,
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Investment Agreement. The Investment Agreement further provides that at any
time during the 2-month period beginning on the Closing Date, MMC will have the right, but not the obligation, to reinvest up to an additional
$5,000,000 in the aggregate in the Company on the same terms and conditions as those set forth in the Transaction Documents.

The aggregate amount of
Shares issuable under the Investment Agreement, for purposes of complying with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635, may in no case exceed 19.99%
of the Companys issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately prior to the execution of the Investment Agreement, or
9,228,411 shares of Common Stock (the Cap Amount), without stockholder approval of any Shares exceeding such amount. In
the event the Shares issuable pursuant to the Investment Agreement exceed the Cap Amount, the Company will pay MMC cash in lieu of such
excess Shares, based on a formula set forth in the Investment Agreement.

1

The Investment Agreement
further provides that, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Investment Agreement, the Company will register for
resale the Conversion Shares and the Shortfall Shares, if any, to be issued in connection with the Automatic Conversion and, if requested
by MMC (with only one such request permitted prior to the Automatic Conversation Date), the Conversion Shares to be issued in connection
with an Optional Conversion (as defined in the Certificate of Designation), in each case pursuant to a registration statement on Form
S-3 (or other appropriate form if the Company is not then eligible to register securities on a Form S-3) (each, a Resale Registration
Statement) to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) no later than the date that is
60 calendar days after the Automatic Conversion Date, or, in the event of an Optional Conversion or if any Shortfall Shares are issued
in accordance with the terms of the Investment Agreement, no later than the date that is 90 calendar days after the Optional Conversion
Date and Automatic Conversion Date, respectively. The Company will use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Resale Registration Statement(s) to be declared effective by the SEC within 60 calendar days (or 90 calendar
days if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the registration statement) following the filing of the Resale Registration Statement.

In accordance with the Advertising
Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Advertising Agreement, the Company has agreed to defend, indemnify and hold
MMC harmless with respect to any claims or actions by third parties against the Company, including reasonable outside attorneys
fees, based upon the infringement upon the intellectual property rights of third parties by the creative materials distributed in the
Media pursuant to the Advertising Agreement, provided such materials have not been modified from the versions furnished by the Company
to MMC and are used as authorized by the Company. These indemnification obligations of the Company are limited to the amount of liability
that remains after deducting therefrom any insurance proceeds and any indemnity, contribution or other similar payment, as well as tax
benefits to MMC or its affiliates. The Transaction Documents also contain representations and warranties, covenants and conditions, in
each case, customary for the type of transactions contemplated thereunder.

Further, on March 6, 2025,
Streeterville Capital, LLC (Streeterville) and the Company entered into a consent and waiver letter, pursuant to which Streeterville
consented to the Transaction Documents and contemplated transactions thereunder and provided a waiver with respect to Section 4 of that
certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2024, between the Company and Streeterville (the Note Purchase Agreement),
regarding the Companys ability to make any Restricted Issuances (as such term is defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) in connection
with the Transaction Documents and the contemplated transactions thereunder described above in this Item 1.01 of this Current Report on
Form 8-K (this Form 8-K).

The foregoing descriptions
of the Transaction Documents and Certificate of Designation in this Form 8-K do not purport to be a complete description of the rights
and obligations of the parties thereunder and are qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Advertising Agreement
and Investment Agreement, copies of which are filed hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and Certificate of Designation, a
copy of which was previously filed with the SEC as Exhibit 3.1 on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2025, and incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information included
in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02 to the extent required. The Preferred Shares and the Shares
issuable under the Investment Agreement, including upon any conversion of the Preferred Shares, when issued, will be issued pursuant to
an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act) because such issuances will not involve a public offering, MMC will take the securities for investment and
not resale, the Company took appropriate measures to restrict transfer, and MMC is a sophisticated investor. The Preferred Shares and
the Shares are subject to transfer restrictions, and the book-entry records evidencing the Preferred Shares and the Shares, when issued,
will contain an appropriate legend stating that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered
or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. Such securities were not registered under the Securities Act and may
not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable
state securities laws.

2

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On March 10, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the transactions described in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K. A copy of the press release is being furnished
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K. The information in this Item 8.01 of this Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or
otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities
Act, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings,
except to the extent expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

3.1** Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on February 20, 2025 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2025).

10.1*+ Advertising Agreement, dated March 7, 2025, between reAlpha Tech Corp. and Mercurius Media Capital LP.

10.2*+ Investment Agreement, dated March 7, 2025, between reAlpha Tech Corp. and Mercurius Media Capital LP.

99.1*** Press Release, dated March 10, 2025.

104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Filed herewith.

** Previously filed.

*** Furnished herewith.

+ Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been
omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 10, 2025 reAlpha Tech Corp.

By: /s/ Giri Devanur

Giri Devanur

Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023367201ex10-1_realpha.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ADVERTISING AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 7, 2025, BETWEEN REALPHA TECH CORP. AND MERCURIUS MEDIA CAPITAL LP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

ADVERTISING AGREEMENT

This Advertising Agreement (this Agreement)
is made as of March 7, 2025 (Execution Date) by and between reAlpha Tech Corp., a Delaware corporation, with business
and mailing addresses at 6515 Longshore Loop, Suite 100, Dublin, OH 43017 (the Company) and Mercurius Media Capital
LP, a Delaware limited partnership, with its office at 
(MMC). The Company and MMC shall each be referred to herein
as a Party, and together, the Parties.

RECITALS

Whereas,
MMC is a media platform engaged in the business of providing advertising inventory in exchange for equity in companies;

Whereas,
the Company is a real estate technology company developing an end-to-end commission-free homebuying platform;

Whereas,
the Company is conducting an extensive advertising campaign in the United States by utilizing the Media (as defined hereinafter);

Whereas,
the Company and MMC are entering into an Investment Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Investment Agreement),
simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement; and

Whereas,
the Parties have agreed that, in exchange for MMCs issuance of the Credit (defined below), the Company will issue to MMC 250,000
shares of the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, pursuant to the Investment Agreement,
on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Investment Agreement.

Now, Therefore,
the Parties agree that the execution and effectiveness of the Investment Agreement and this Advertising Agreement are conditioned upon
their simultaneous execution, and neither Agreement shall be effective unless all both are executed by the Parties on the same date.

Now,
Therefore, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties and covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby confirmed, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

Section
1

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions. Any capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Investment Agreement, as applicable.

For purposes of this
Agreement:

(a) Business Day means a weekday on which banks
are open for general banking business in State of California.

(b) Credit shall have the meaning as set out in Section 2.1;

(c) Defaulting Party shall have the meaning as set out in Section 5.1;

(d) Laws shall mean any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, constitution, treaty,
common law, governmental order or rule of law of any governmental authority;

(e) Liquidation Event shall mean dissolution or winding up of the Company, provided that a dissolution
or winding up of the Company shall not constitute a Liquidation Event if it is consummated in connection with (i) a reorganization; (ii)
a change in the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation or the form of the Company; (iii) an investment transaction with MMC
or an affiliate; (iv) the creation of a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportion by the persons who held
the Companys securities immediately before such transaction; (v) any merger, consolidation, recapitalization, share exchange or
other business combination transaction; or (vi) a bona fide equity financing transaction;

(f) Material Breach shall mean material breach under the laws of the State of Delaware;

(g) Media shall mean all the media available as attached in Exhibit A;

(h) Media Entity shall mean the entity through which such Media is offered detailed in Exhibit A;

(i) Media Credit Order shall mean an instruction given by MMC to the Company in writing for confirmation
and placement of an advertisement in the Media in the form reasonably prescribed by MMC from time to time, substantially in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B and fully executed by MMC, Company and the applicable Media Entity (provided that MMCs and the relevant Media
Entitys agreement thereto and execution thereof shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed);

(j) Standard Pricing shall mean the standard prices for advertising space in the Media offered by the
respective Media Entity and any other entities controlling the Media to all advertisers in such Media in the United States in the ordinary
course of business;

(k) Term shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.4.

Section
2

AGREEMENT TO ADVERTISE

2.1 Exchange. Immediately as of the Execution Date set forth hereof and subject to the simultaneous
signing of the Investment Agreement and Companys issuance of the 250,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to MMC
on the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, MMC shall issue to the Company one media credit having a value of $5,000,000 (Five
Million USD) (the Credit), which may be redeemed by the Company to purchase advertising space in the Media on the
terms set forth herein.

2.2 Company Commitment

(a) Utilize Credit. The Company agrees and confirms that, subject to MMCs compliance with its
agreements and obligations set forth in this Agreement, it may only utilize the Credit on or before December 31,
2025 (such term, as extended pursuant to this Section 2.2(a) or otherwise, as applicable, the Credit Term)
to purchase advertisements in the Media on the terms set forth herein related to the Companys products, services, brand and business
in accordance with the extant and established advertising policies applicable to the relevant Media in the United States in the ordinary
course of business (the Media Policies). Any unused portion of the Credit at the expiration of the Credit Term shall
be forfeited by the Company, subject to MMCs compliance with its agreements and obligations set forth in this Agreement. If requested
by the Company, MMC agrees to extend the original Credit Term by three (3) months (the Extension Period), commencing
immediately upon the expiration of the original Credit Term and ending on March 31, 2026, provided that such extension shall permit the
Company to utilize only up to a maximum of $1,000,000 (One Million Dollars) of the remaining Credit during the Extension Period.

(b) Company shall deliver to MMC any new creative campaign 15 (fifteen) days in advance of any campaign to
run in the Media for MMCs reasonable and good faith review. In the event MMC requests any changes to the creatives, MMC will provide
to the Company, within 3 (three) days of receipt of such new creative campaign, a written request for revisions with the reasonable explanations
for the same. No changes to the creative campaign shall be required unless such creative campaign violates in any material respect any
Media Policy or any Law applicable to such creative campaign, in which case changes will only be required to the except necessary for
such creative campaign to comply in all material respects with such Media Policy or Law, as applicable.

-2-

(c) MMC will provide a Media an accurate consumption report to the Company on a monthly basis within twenty
(20) Business Days after the end of each calendar month of the Term of this Agreement.

(d) Slot Availability. The Company acknowledges and agrees that its ability to purchase advertising
space and slots in the Media shall be subject to the availability of such space or slot in the relevant Media; provided, however, that
MMC or Media may not prevent the Company from purchasing, or grant the Company less favourable terms in relation to the purchase of, advertising
space in the Media because the Company is paying by way of the Credits. MMC will use its best efforts to make any requested space or slot
available to the Company, and, at the Companys option, will provide reasonable and suitable alternatives as promptly as practicable
if such space or slot is not available (which alternative spaces and slots will be subject to Companys approval in its sole discretion).

(e) Limitations. Any Media Credit Orders and advertisements placed by the Company in Media under the
terms of this Agreement will be subject to the Media Policies. In addition, the Company shall not place in the Media advertisements pursuant
to this Agreement for any product that is in the category of:

1. Political,

2. Sports Gaming: all forms of wagering and sports betting (including but not limited to sports books, iGaming,
and Advance Deposit Wagerings),

3. Agencies and third parties who buy media for brands and other agencies, and

4. Firearms;

without the prior written consent
of MMC.

(f) Agency. It is clarified that: (i) the agency fees, if any, payable by the Company to advertising
agencies shall not be paid using the Credit, provided that, for clarity, no agency fees will be payable by the Company in connection with
this Agreement; (ii) the Credits shall not be utilized in relation to an event, sponsorship of an event, and/or any other activity, in
each case that requires the relevant Media Entities to make a payment to a third party; and (iii) any future taxes payable (including
Goods and Services Tax, if applicable), if any, on release of advertisements or purchase of the Credits under this Agreement, shall be
paid by the Company or the Companys advertising agency (as applicable) directly and shall not form part of the Credit.

2.3 MMC Commitments.

(a) The Credit purchased by the Company under the terms of this Agreement may be used by the Company to purchase
advertisements in the Media during the Credit Term under this Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement.
MMC shall accept, and cause the Media Entity to accept, the Credits purchased by the Company under the terms of this Agreement in lieu
of cash payment for the placement of advertisements in the Media during the Credit Term under this Agreement, on the terms and subject
to the conditions of this Agreement. The Company may purchase advertisements in the Media by delivering to MMC the Media Credit Order.
Upon receipt of a Media Credit Order, MMC shall cause the Companys advertisement(s) to be carried in the Media in a form and placement
agreed upon by the Company and MMC and the relevant Media Entity, provided that MMCs and the relevant Media Entitys agreement
thereto shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, subject to the Media Policies of the entity which owns such Media
and subject to availability of space or slot in the relevant Media as sought by the Company, subject to Section 2.2(d). Credit will be
deemed used when a Media Credit Order is received by MMC, regardless of when the advertisement that is the subject of the
Media Credit Order is carried in the Media, provided all advertisements applicable to such Media Credit Order do run on the Media in accordance
with the Media Credit Order no later than 90 days after the last date specified in the applicable Media Credit Order (provided that any
delays in ad placement shall be agreed to by the Company in writing). Any amount of Credit with respect to which advertisements do not
so run in the applicable Media shall be re-added to the Credit, available for future use in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. All Media Credit Orders delivered to MMC during the Term of this Agreement (provided all advertisements applicable to
such Media Credit Order run on the Media in accordance with the Media Credit Order no later than 90 days after the last date specified
in after the date of the applicable Media Credit Order (provided that any delays in ad placement shall be agreed to by the Company in
writing)) will reduce the amount of the Credit for the Credit Term. Each Credit shall be reduced by Media Credit Orders during the Credit
Term until the balance of such Credit reaches zero, subject to the provisions of this Section and the other terms and conditions of this
Agreement. MMC shall issue an invoice to the Company for the relevant advertisements purchased pursuant to such Media Credit Order. Each
such invoice shall include the Standard Pricing of the advertisements subject to the applicable Media Credit Order, which Standard Pricing
shall be the price to be paid by the Company for the advertisements in the Media (i.e., there shall be no markup) (for the
avoidance of doubt, this is the amount by which the relevant Credit will be reduced for each purchase) and the remaining balance of the
Credits. MMC shall be under no obligation to accept and process Media Credit Orders from the Company under the terms of this Agreement
once all Credits have been exhausted or when such Media Credit Order is against outstanding Credit of which the Credit Term has expired.

-3-

(b) MMC shall, on receipt of a Media Credit Order from the Company, cause the Media Entity to carry the advertisement
in the Media on a date mutually agreed upon by the Company and MMC and the relevant Media Entity, provided that the agreement thereto
by MMC and the relevant Media Entity shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, and subject to the terms and conditions
set forth herein, including Section 2.2.

(c) MMC shall cause the Media Entities to make available to the Company for purchase with the Credits, all
advertising options in the Media marketed and sold by such entities in the ordinary course of their businesses.

2.4 Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Execution Date and shall continue until
December 31, 2025, or, if the Credit Term is extended pursuant to Section 2.2(a), March 31, 2026
(the Term), unless extended by the written consent of both Parties or terminated earlier by the Parties in accordance
with Section 5 of this Agreement.

2.5 The Parties agree and confirm that MMC is acting as a facilitator and not as an agent or principal of
the Media Entities, but shall be fully responsible for the performance of all agreements or obligations of the Media Entities or relating
to the Media Entities set forth in this Agreement.

Section
3

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

The Company hereby represents and warrants to
MMC, that:

3.1 Intellectual Property. To its knowledge, the creative material provided by the Company to be used
in the Media pursuant to this Agreement, provided such creative material is used as authorized by the Company, does not infringe upon
the intellectual property rights of any third party.

3.2 The Company hereby represents and warrants that the Company owns or licenses the right to use the brand
names promoted and advertised by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation: reAlpha, reAlpha Tech Corp., reAlpha
AI Labs, BeMyNeighbor, BeMyNeighbor Mortgage, AiChat, Naamche, Rhove, reAlpha Real Estate, GTG Financial, reAlpha Real Estate Super App
and XMore.AI.

3.3 The Company hereby represents and warrants that it does not directly or indirectly own, control or operate
(a) a U.S. broadcast radio or television station or a U.S. cable television system, (b) a U.S. daily newspaper (as such
term is defined in Section 73.3555 of the rules and regulations of the United States Federal Communications Commission (FCC), as they
may be amended from time to time), and (c) any U.S. communications facility operated pursuant to a license granted by the FCC and subject
to FCC ownership restrictions.

-4-

Section
4

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MMC.

MMC hereby represents and warrants to
the Company, (i) as of the Execution Date that:

MMC has full power
and authority to enter into this Agreement. This Agreement, when executed and delivered by MMC, will constitute valid and legally binding
obligations of MMC, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except (a) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and any other Laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally,
(b) as limited by Laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies, or (c) to
the extent the indemnification provisions contained in this Agreement, as applicable, may be limited by applicable federal or state securities
Laws.

Section
5

TERMINATION

5.1 Each of MMC and the Company (the Non Defaulting Party) may terminate this Agreement
at any time in the event of a Material Breach by the Company or MMC (the Defaulting Party), as the case may be, which
Material Breach, if capable of cure or remedy, has not been cured or remedied by the Defaulting Party within sixty (60) days of the receipt
of written notice of such Material Breach or failure from the Non Defaulting Party (the Termination Date).

5.2 Notwithstanding any term herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall automatically terminate, without
further action on the part of either Party, immediately before the effectiveness of a Liquidation Event.

5.3 The Parties agree that in the event of a Material Breach by either party, the Parties will attempt to
resolve the dispute through expeditious and good faith discussion. Subject to the foregoing, if such dispute cannot be resolved through
the foregoing escalation within sixty (60) days after written notice of a dispute, then such dispute shall be resolved exclusively by
final and binding arbitration in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to principles of conflicts of
Law, in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan. Such arbitration shall be conducted in English in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive
Arbitration Rues. The arbitrator shall allow such discovery as is appropriate to the purposes of arbitration in accomplishing a fair,
speedy and cost-effective resolution of the dispute. The arbitrator shall reference the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure then in effect
in setting the scope and timing of discovery. The award of arbitration shall be final and binding upon the Parties hereto. The judgment
or the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

Section
6

The Company agrees to defend, indemnify
and hold MMC harmless with respect to any claims or actions by third parties against the Company (including reasonable outside attorneys
fees) based upon the infringement upon the intellectual property rights of third parties by the creative materials distributed in the
Media pursuant to this Agreement, provided such materials have not been modified from the versions furnished by the Company to MMC and
are used as authorized by the Company. Any indemnification obligations by the Company are limited to the amount of liability that remains
after deducting therefrom any insurance proceeds and any indemnity, contribution or other similar payment, as well as tax benefits to
MMC or its affiliates.

-5-

MMC shall give the Company prompt written
notice (a Claim Notice) of any liabilities or discovery of facts on which MMC intends to base a request for indemnification
under this Section 6. MMCs failure to provide a Claim Notice to the Company under this Section 6 does not relieve the Company of
any liability that Company may have to MMC, but in no event shall the Company be liable for any liabilities that result from a delay in
providing a Claim Notice. Each Claim Notice must contain a description of the third-party claim and the nature and amount of the related
liabilities. MMC shall furnish promptly to the Company copies of all papers and official documents received in respect of any such liabilities.

The Company may assume, at its sole
option, control of the defense, appeal or settlement of any third-party claim that is reasonably likely to give rise to an indemnification
claim under this Section 6 (an Indemnified Claim) through counsel of its own choosing and at the Companys
sole cost and expense. The Company may not, without MMCs prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed, settle or compromise any claim or consent to the entry of any judgment regarding which indemnification is being sought hereunder
unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of MMC from all liability arising out of such claim and
does not contain any admission or statement suggesting any wrongdoing or liability on behalf of MMC. MMC may not settle or compromise
any claim or consent to the entry of any judgment regarding which it is seeking indemnification hereunder without the prior written consent
of the Company.

THIS SECTION 6 SETS FORTH THE ENTIRE
LIABILITY AND OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY AND THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR MMC FOR ANY LIABILITY COVERED UNDER THIS SECTION 6.

Section
7

MISCELLANEOUS

7.1 Survival. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the representations, warranties and covenants
of the Company and MMC contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery, and the termination or
expiration, of this Agreement and shall in no way be affected by any investigation or knowledge of the subject matter thereof made by
or on behalf of MMC or the Company.

7.2 Notices. All notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or other communications required
or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, sent by electronic mail
or otherwise delivered by hand or by messenger addressed:

(a) if to MMC, to Mercurius Media Capital LP, at ,
attn.: Piyush Puri, email address: , or at such other
address or email address as MMC shall have furnished the Company in writing in accordance with this Section 7; or

(b) if to the Company, to reAlpha Tech Corp., at 6515 Longshore Loop, Suite
100, Dublin, OH 43017, attn.: Mike Logozzo, email address: ,
or at such other address or email address as the Company shall have furnished to MMC in writing in accordance with this Section 7, with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP at 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022,
attn: Blake Baron.

(c) With respect to any notice given by the Company under any provision of the Delaware corporation Law or
other applicable Laws or the governing documents of the Company, MMC agrees that such notice may be given by electronic mail. In the event
of any conflict between the Companys books and records and this Agreement with respect to any notice delivered hereunder by the
Company, the Companys books and records will control absent fraud or error.

-6-

(d) Any notice required by the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail if sent during
normal business hours of the recipient; and if not so confirmed, then on the next Business Day, (iii) three (3) days after having been
sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier, specifying next Business Day delivery, with written verification of receipt.

7.3 Successors and Assigns; No Third Party Beneficiaries. The terms and conditions of this Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, executors and administrators of
the Parties. This Agreement may not be assigned by any party without the prior written consent of the other party, provided that for purposes
of this Agreement, successors and permitted assigns shall include any other entity acquiring all or substantially
all the assets and business of the Company related to this Agreement, whether by operation of law or otherwise. Any attempt to assign
this Agreement in a manner prohibited by this Section will be void. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer
upon any party, other than the Parties hereto or their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, executors and administrators,
any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

7.4 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of
the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of law.

7.5 Jurisdiction. This Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of
law provision or rule that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

7.6 Fees and Expenses. The Company and MMC shall each pay their own fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7.7 Attorneys Fees. In the event that any suit or action at law or in equity (including arbitration)
is instituted to enforce or interpret any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party in such dispute shall be
entitled to recover from the losing party such reasonable fees, costs, expenses and necessary disbursements of attorneys and accountants,
which shall include, without limitation, all fees, costs and expenses of appeals, in each case unless otherwise determined by a court
of appropriate jurisdiction.

7.8 Amendments; Modifications; Waivers. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended,
discharged or terminated other than by a written instrument referencing this Agreement and signed by the Company and MMC. Any such discharge
or termination effected in accordance with this Section 7.8 shall be binding upon MMC.

7.9 Severability; Separability. If any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court
of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, portions of such provision, or such provision in its entirety, to the
extent necessary, shall be severed from this Agreement, and such court shall replace such illegal, void or unenforceable provision of
this Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision that shall achieve, to the extent possible, the same economic, business and other
purposes of the illegal, void or unenforceable provision. The balance of this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

7.10 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Investment Agreement (and any other agreements or other
documents delivered in connection herewith and therewith) constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between the Parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof. Without limiting the foregoing, no party hereto shall be liable or bound to any other party
in any manner with respect to the subject matter hereof or thereof by any warranties, representations or covenants except as specifically
set forth herein, except as provided by Law.

-7-

7.11 Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience
only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. All references in this Agreement to sections, paragraphs
and exhibits shall, unless otherwise provided, refer to sections and paragraphs hereof and exhibits attached hereto.

7.12 Pronouns. All pronouns contained herein, and any variations thereof, shall be deemed to refer to
the masculine, feminine or neutral, singular or plural, as the identity of the Parties hereto may require.

7.13 Counterparts; .pdf copies. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall be enforceable against the Parties that execute such counterparts, and all of which together shall constitute one
and the same instrument. .pdf copies of signed signature pages will be deemed binding originals.

7.14 Delays or Omissions. Except as expressly provided herein, no delay or omission to exercise any
right, power or remedy accruing to any party under this Agreement, upon any breach or default of any other party under this Agreement,
shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such non-breaching or non-defaulting party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of
any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring; nor shall any
waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver,
permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver
on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent
specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement or by Law or otherwise afforded to any party, shall
be cumulative and not alternative.

7.15 Further Assurances. Each party hereto agrees to execute and deliver, by the proper exercise of
its corporate, limited liability company, partnership or other powers, all such other and additional instruments and documents and do
all such other acts and things as may be reasonably necessary to more fully effectuate this Agreement.

[Signature Pages Follow]

-8-

Whereof,
the Parties have executed this Advertising Agreement as of the date first written
above.

reAlpha Tech Corp.:

By: /s/ Mike Logozzo

Name: Mike Logozzo

Title: President and Chief Operating Officer

Mercurius Media Capital LP:

By: /s/ Piyush Puri

Name: Piyush Puri

Title: Founding Partner

-9-

Exhibit A

-10-

Exhibit B

FORM OF MEDIA CREDIT ORDER

-11-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023367201ex10-2_realpha.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTMENT AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 7, 2025, BETWEEN REALPHA TECH CORP. AND MERCURIUS MEDIA CAPITAL LP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

INVESTMENT AGREEMENT

This INVESTMENT AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of March 7, 2025, in entered into between reAlpha Tech Corp., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and Mercurius Media Capital LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires
to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser, 250,000 shares (each, a Preferred
Share, and collectively, the Preferred Shares) of the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock,
par value $0.001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement (the Share Purchase);

WHEREAS, each share of Series
A Preferred Stock has a stated value of $20 per share (the Stated Value) and is convertible into a number of shares
(the Conversion Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock),
equal to, with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock, the Liquidation Amount (as defined in the Certificate of Designation
(as defined below)) of such share of Series A Preferred Stock divided by the conversion price of $20 per share (the Conversion
Price), subject to the terms and conditions of the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on February 20, 2025 (the Certificate of Designation),
including the adjustments set forth therein;

WHEREAS, the Purchaser is
a media platform engaged in the business of providing advertising inventory in exchange for equity in companies; and

WHEREAS, as consideration
for the Share Purchase, the Purchaser will issue to the Company certain advertising credits pursuant to and in accordance with the Advertising
Agreement to be entered into by the Company and the Purchaser contemporaneously with this Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Advertising Agreement).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
parties to this Agreement hereby agree as follows:

1. Sale
and Purchase of the Preferred Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, effective as of the Closing
(as defined below), the Purchaser hereby purchases and agrees to accept from the Company, and the Company hereby issues and sells to the
Purchaser, the Preferred Shares at a price of $20.00 per Preferred Share, for a total purchase price in the amount of Five Million Dollars
($5,000,000) (the Consideration), which shall be paid at or prior to the Closing as described in Section 3.1.

2. Closing.
The consummation of the purchase and sale of the Preferred Shares hereunder (the Closing) shall occur contemporaneously
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, by electronic exchange of documents. The obligations of the Company to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following
conditions: (a) this Agreement and the Advertising Agreement shall have been duly executed and delivered by the parties hereto and thereto,
(b) the Company has received and accepted a completed and duly executed Accredited Investor Questionnaire from the Purchaser in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Questionnaire), and (c) the Company has received from the Purchaser
the Consideration in accordance with Section 3.

3. Payment
for the Preferred Shares.

3.1 The
Consideration shall be paid to the Company in the form of a Credit (as defined in the Advertising Agreement) issued by the Purchaser to
the Company at or prior to the Closing, in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Advertising Agreement.
Subject to the Closing conditions set forth in Section 2, at the Closing, the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser evidence of the book-entry
of the number of the Shares owned by the Purchaser reflected on the books and records of the Company, bearing the restrictive legend set
forth in Section 5.

3.2 Upon
an Automatic Conversion (as defined in the Certificate of Designation), if any, if the aggregate value for the Conversion Shares issued
upon such Automatic Conversion, as determined by multiplying the aggregate number of Conversion Shares issued thereunder by the closing
price of the Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) on the Automatic Conversion Date (as defined
in the Certificate of Designation) (the Aggregate Value), is less than the Consideration, then the Company shall
pay the Purchaser the difference in value between the Consideration and the Aggregate Value, if any (the Shortfall Payment),
in cash or in shares of Common Stock (the Shortfall Shares, and together with the Conversion Shares, the Shares),
at the sole discretion of the Company, no later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Automatic Conversion Date.

3.3 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, under no circumstances shall the aggregate number of Shares issuable under this
Agreement in connection with the Purchasers purchase of the Preferred Shares, and any other shares of Common Stock to be issued
by the Company, if any, which could be aggregated with the Shares in connection with the purchase of the Preferred Shares under Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5635, exceed 19.99% of the Companys issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately before consummation
of this Agreement and any other transactions being consummated by the Company in connection with the Purchasers purchase of the
Preferred Shares (the Cap Amount), unless the Company has obtained either (i) its stockholders approval of
the issuance of more shares of Common Stock than the Cap Amount as required by the applicable Nasdaq rules, including Nasdaq Listing Rule
5635; or (ii) a waiver from Nasdaq of the Companys compliance with the applicable Nasdaq rules, including Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635.
To the extent that the issuance of shares of Common Stock under this Agreement would cause the Shares issuable herein to exceed the Cap
Amount, the Company, in lieu of issuing such shares of Common Stock, shall pay the Purchaser in cash an amount equal to (x) the aggregate
number of Shares that exceed the Cap Amount times (y) the closing price of the Common Stock as reported on Nasdaq on the Trading Day (as
defined below) immediately prior to such issuance. For the purposes hereof, Trading Day means any day on which the
Common Stock is traded or quoted on Nasdaq, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE),
NYSE American, OTCQB or OTCQX, as applicable, or any successors to any of the foregoing.

-2-

4. Representations
and Warranties. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company, as of the date hereof, as of the Closing and as of the
issuance date of any Shares as follows:

4.1 The
Purchaser has all requisite authority to purchase the Preferred Shares and the Shares, enter into this Agreement and the Advertising Agreement
and to perform all the obligations required to be performed by the Purchaser hereunder and thereunder, and such purchase will not contravene
any law, rule or regulation binding on the Purchaser or its assets or any investment guideline or restriction applicable to the Purchaser.

4.2 The
Purchaser has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited partnership in the State of Delaware, with full power and authority
to conduct its business being conducted and to own its assets, and has secured any authorizations, approvals, permits and orders required
by law for the conduct by it of its business as it is currently being conducted. The Purchaser is not acquiring the Shares as a nominee
or agent or otherwise for any other person.

4.3 The
Purchaser will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in effect in any jurisdiction in which the Purchaser purchases or sells
the Preferred Shares or the Shares and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for such purchases or sales under the laws
and regulations of any jurisdiction to which the Purchaser is subject or in which the Purchaser makes such purchases or sales, and the
Company shall have no responsibility therefor.

4.4 The
Purchaser is aware of the Companys business affairs and financial condition and has acquired sufficient information about the Company
to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Shares. The Purchaser is purchasing the Preferred Shares and the Shares
pursuant to this Agreement for the Purchasers own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof, nor
with any present intention of distributing the same.

4.5 The
Purchaser understands that the Preferred Shares and the Shares, if and when issued, have not been and will not be registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), by reason of specific exemptions under the provisions thereof
which depend in part upon the investment intent of the Purchaser and of the other representations made by the Purchaser in this Agreement.
The Purchaser understands that the Company is relying upon the representations and agreements contained in this Agreement (and any supplemental
information, including the Questionnaire) for the purpose of determining whether this transaction meets the requirements for such exemptions.

4.6 The
Purchaser understands that the Preferred Shares are and the Shares, when issued, will be restricted securities under applicable
federal securities laws and that the Securities Act and the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
provide in substance that the Purchaser may dispose of the Preferred Shares and the Shares only pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and, except as provided in
Section 7, the Purchaser understands that the Company has no obligation or intention to register any of the Preferred Shares or the Shares
or offering or sale thereof, or to take action so as to permit offers or sales pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption from registration
thereunder (including pursuant to Rule 144 thereunder). Accordingly, the Purchaser understands that under the Commissions rules,
the Purchaser may dispose of the Preferred Shares or the Shares only in private placements which are exempt from registration
under the Securities Act, in which event the transferee will acquire restricted securities, subject to the same limitations
that apply to the Shares in the hands of the Purchaser. Consequently, the Purchaser understands that the Purchaser must bear the economic
risks of the investment in the Preferred Shares and the Shares for an indefinite period of time.

-3-

4.7 The
Purchaser agrees: (a) that the Purchaser will not sell, assign, pledge, give, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the Preferred Shares and
Shares or any interest therein, or make any offer or attempt to do any of the foregoing, unless the transaction is registered under the
Securities Act and complies with the requirements of all applicable state securities laws, or the transaction is exempt from the registration
provisions of the Securities Act and the requirements of all applicable state securities laws; (b) that any certificates representing
the Preferred Shares and the Shares will bear a legend making reference to the foregoing restrictions; and (c) that the Company shall
not be required to give effect to any purported transfer of such Preferred Shares and the Shares, except upon compliance with the foregoing
restrictions.

4.8 The
Purchaser understands and accepts that the purchase of the Preferred Shares and the Shares involves various risks, including the risks
outlined in this Agreement. The Purchaser is able to bear any loss associated with an investment in the Preferred Shares and the Shares.

4.9 The
Purchaser is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the Company or any of its affiliates, as investment or tax advice or
as a recommendation to purchase the Preferred Shares and the Shares. The Purchaser confirms that the Company has not (a) given any guarantee
or representation as to the potential success, return, effect or benefit (either legal, regulatory, tax, financial, accounting or otherwise)
of an investment in the Preferred Shares and the Shares or (b) made any representation to the Purchaser regarding the legality of an investment
in the Preferred Shares and the Shares under applicable legal investment or similar laws or regulations. In deciding to purchase the Preferred
Shares and the Shares hereunder, the Purchaser is not relying on the advice or recommendations of the Company and the Purchaser has made
its own independent decision that the investment in the Preferred Shares and the Shares is suitable and appropriate for the Purchaser.

4.10 The
Purchaser is familiar with the business and financial condition and operations of the Company, and the Purchaser has had access to such
information concerning the Company, the Preferred Shares and the Shares as the Purchaser deems necessary to make an informed investment
decision concerning the purchase of the Shares.

4.11 The
Purchaser understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon the merits or risks of an investment in the Preferred Shares and
the Shares or made any finding or determination concerning the fairness or advisability of such investment.

4.12 The
Purchaser has such knowledge, skill and experience in business, financial and investment matters that the Purchaser is capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of an investment in the Preferred Shares and the Shares. With the assistance of the Purchasers own professional
advisors, to the extent that the Purchaser has deemed appropriate, the Purchaser has made its own legal, tax, accounting, and financial
evaluation of the merits and risks of an investment in the Preferred Shares, the Shares and the consequences of this Agreement. The Purchaser
has considered the suitability of the Preferred Shares and the Shares as an investment in light of its own circumstances and financial
condition and the Purchaser is able to bear the risks associated with an investment in the Preferred Shares and the Shares, and the Purchaser
is authorized to invest in the Preferred Shares and the Shares.

-4-

4.13 The
Purchaser is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act, and the Purchase acknowledges that
the purchase and sale of the Preferred Shares and the Shares contemplated hereby is being made in reliance on a private placement exemption
to accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act or similar exemptions
under state law. The Purchaser agrees to furnish any additional information requested by the Company to assure compliance with applicable
federal and state securities laws in connection with the purchase and sale of the Preferred Shares and the Shares. The Purchaser has delivered
a completed Questionnaire to the Company and the information contained therein is complete and accurate.

4.14 The
investment of the Purchaser in the Preferred Shares and the Shares and the Purchasers prior conduct will not disqualify the Company
from relying on Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act with respect to such investment.

5. Restrictive
Legend. The Preferred Shares and the Shares shall bear the following legend:

THESE SECURITIES
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE SECURITIES LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION
EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES
NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS.

6. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing,
as follows:

6.1 The
Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in the State of Delaware. The Company has all requisite corporate
authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform all the obligations required to be performed by the Company hereunder. The execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the performance of the Companys obligations required to be performed hereunder
have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of the Company.

-5-

6.2 To
the Companys knowledge, no bad actor disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of the Securities
Act (a Disqualification Event) is applicable to the Company, except for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule
506(d)(2)(iiiv) or (d)(3) of the Securities Act is applicable.

6.3 Except
as disclosed in the SEC Reports (as defined below), the Company has filed with or furnished to the Commission each and all required reports,
schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) since October 23, 2023 (collectively, the SEC Reports).
Each of the SEC Reports complied at the time of its filing (or, if amended, as of the date of such amendment) in all material respects
with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated
thereunder.

7. Registration
Rights.

7.1 No
later than the date that is sixty (60) calendar days after the Automatic Conversion Date, or, in the event that any Shortfall Shares are
issued in connection therewith, no later than the date that is ninety (90) calendar days after the Automatic Conversion Date, the Company
shall file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form if the Company is not then eligible to register securities
on Form S-3) (the Resale Registration Statement) providing for the resale by the Purchaser of the Shares. The Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective within sixty (60) calendar days (or
ninety (90) calendar days if the Commission notifies the Company that it will review the registration statement) following
the initial filing of such registration statement and to keep such registration statement effective at all times until the earlier of
(i) such time all Shares covered by such Resale Registration Statement have been sold by the Purchaser or (ii) the date all Shares held
by the Purchaser may be sold without restriction under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, including without limitation, any volume and
manner of sale restrictions which may be applicable to affiliates under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and without the requirement
for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable)
under the Securities Act. The Purchaser agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached as Exhibit
C hereto within seven (7) calendar days following the Automatic Conversion Date and the issuance date of the Shortfall Shares,
if any, as applicable (a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire). The Purchaser further agrees that it shall not
be entitled to be named as a selling stockholder in the Resale Registration Statement or use the prospectus contained in such registration
statement for offers and resales of the Shares at any time, unless the Purchaser has returned to the Company a completed and signed Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire in the time frame described in the previous sentence.

7.2 In
the event of an Optional Conversion (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) prior to the Automatic Conversion Date, the Purchaser
will have a right to require the Company to file a Resale Registration Statement, no later than the date that is ninety (90) calendar
days after the Optional Conversion Date (as defined in the Certificate of Designation), providing for the resale by the Purchaser of the
Conversion Shares issued upon such Optional Conversion; provided, however, that such right shall not be exercised by the
Purchaser more than once before the Automatic Conversion Date. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration
statement to become effective within sixty (60) calendar days (or ninety (90) calendar days if the Commission notifies the Company that
it will review the registration statement) following the initial filing of such registration statement and to keep such
registration statement effective at all times until the earlier of (i) such time all Conversion Shares covered by such Resale Registration
Statement have been sold by the Purchaser or (ii) the date all Conversion Shares covered by such Resale Registration Statement held by
the Purchaser may be sold without restriction under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, including without limitation, any volume and manner
of sale restrictions which may be applicable to affiliates under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and without the requirement for the
Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) under
the Securities Act. The Purchaser agrees to furnish to the Company a completed Selling Stockholder Questionnaire within seven (7)
calendar days following the Optional Conversion Date. The Purchaser further agrees that it shall not be entitled to be named as a selling
stockholder in the Resale Registration Statement or use the prospectus contained in such registration statement for offers and resales
of the Conversion Shares registered thereunder at any time, unless the Purchaser has returned to the Company a completed and signed Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire in the time frame described in the previous sentence.

-6-

8. Reinvestment
Right. At any time during the two (2) months period beginning at the Closing, the Purchaser, or its affiliates, will have the right,
but not the obligation, to reinvest up to an additional Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) in the Company on the same terms and conditions
as those set forth in this Agreement and the Advertising Agreement.

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1 Binding
Effect. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

9.2 Survival.
All representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing.

9.3 Severability.
If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or
unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision
in any other jurisdiction.

9.4 Assignability.
Neither this Agreement nor any right, remedy, obligation or liability arising hereunder or by reason hereof shall be assignable by the
Purchaser without the prior written consent of the Company, and any attempted assignment without such prior written consent shall be void.

9.5 Amendments.
This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument signed by the Company and the Purchaser.

9.6 Notices.
All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given if delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid or by e-mail (or like
transmission), at the respective partys physical address or e-mail address as set forth on the signature page attached hereto (or
such other physical address or email address as such party shall have hereafter specified in writing to the other party).

-7-

9.7 Governing
Law. The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the interpretation, validity and performance of the terms of this Agreement, regardless
of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of law.

9.8 Waiver
of Jury Trial. THE PURCHASER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

9.9 Submission
to Jurisdiction. With respect to any suit, action, or proceeding relating to any offers, purchases or sales of the Shares by
the Purchaser (Proceedings), the Purchaser irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts
located in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, which submission shall be exclusive, unless none of such courts has lawful jurisdiction
over such Proceedings.

9.10 Integration.
This Agreement, the Advertising Agreement and the documents referred to herein or therein or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto which
form a part hereof or thereof contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to its subject matter. To the extent that any of the
provisions of the Advertising Agreement conflict with, or are inconsistent with, any of the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions
of this Agreement will take precedence, unless specifically set forth to the contrary in this Agreement.

9.11 Section
and Other Headings. The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

9.12 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the
same instrument.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

-8-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

The Company:

REALPHA TECH CORP.

By: /s/ Michael J. Logozzo

Name: Michael J. Logozzo

Title: President and Chief Operating Officer

Address: 6515
Longshore Loop, Suite 100

Dublin, OH 43017

Attn.: Michael
J. Logozzo, 

President and Chief Operating Officer

Email: 

The Purchaser:

MERCURIUS MEDIA CAPITAL LP

By: /s/ Piyush Puri

Name: Piyush Puri

Title: Founding Partner

Address: 

Attn: 

Email: 

Exhibit A

Advertising Agreement

(see attached)

Exhibit B

Form of Accredited Investor Questionnaire

(see attached)

Exhibit C

Selling Stockholder Questionnaire

(see attached)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023367201ex99-1_realpha.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED MARCH 10, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

reAlpha Secures $5
Million Media-for-Equity Investment from Mercurius Media Capital LP

DUBLIN, Ohio, March
10, 2025 - reAlpha Tech Corp. (Nasdaq: AIRE) (the Company or reAlpha), a real estate technology company
developing and commercializing artificial intelligence (AI) technologies, today announced a strategic investment of $5 million
from Mercurius Media Capital LP (Mercurius), a media fund engaged in the business of providing advertising inventory in
exchange for equity in companies. This investment marks a significant milestone in reAlphas growth strategy as it continues to
advance its media and marketing outreach to expand its brand nationally.

Under the terms of
the investment, reAlpha will issue shares of its preferred stock to Mercurius in exchange for media credits valued at $5 million at a
price per share of $20. Additionally, Mercurius has the right to invest an additional $5 million under the same terms within two months
of the initial investment, providing an opportunity for reAlpha to further amplify its media strategy and strengthen the partnership with
Mercurius. reAlpha expects that through this media-for-equity investment, it will be able to leverage Mercurius media expertise
and U.S. media network reach to bolster its national brand presence and further expand its reach across the U.S. market. By reaching a
wider spectrum of audiences through the reach of the media networks that Mercurius has access to, reAlpha believes that this investment
will lead to increased brand visibility and consumer engagement with the reAlpha platform, though results may vary based on market conditions.

We are thrilled
to engage Mercurius Media Capital, whose media expertise will align perfectly with reAlphas growth strategy to increase visibility
of the brand nationally, said Mike Logozzo, President and Chief Operating Officer of reAlpha. We believe this investment
and amplification of our market reach will be a significant step towards empowering more individuals to achieve their homeownership dreams.

With $100 billion
in commissions paid annually1 in the $1.48 trillion U.S. housing market2, we believe there is a significant need
for more cost-effective solutions for aspiring homeowners, said Piyush Puri, Founding Partner of Mercurius. reAlpha is uniquely
positioned to capitalize on this need, and were excited to support their vision. Their innovative approach to real estate aligns
with our commitment to support innovative businesses with a goal to redefine industries. We look forward to partnering with reAlpha as
they continue to seek to scale and grow in the real estate market.

For more information
about this media-for-equity investment, please refer to the Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC).

About reAlpha Tech Corp.

reAlpha Tech Corp. (Nasdaq: AIRE) is a real estate
technology company developing an end-to-end commission-free homebuying platform. Utilizing the power of AI and an acquisition-led growth
strategy, reAlphas goal is to offer a more affordable, streamlined experience for those on the journey to homeownership. For more
information, visit www.realpha.com.

About Mercurius Media Capital

Mercurius Media Capital LP is a U.S.-based media-for-equity venture fund launched in December 2023 that has $87.5 million in committed
capital. Co-founded by Satyan Gajwani and Piyush Puri, Mercurius builds on their 15+ years of experience in media capital transactions.
Their media investment experience at The Times of India Group have shaped Mercurius strategy, which is grounded in a strong operational
understanding of media, audience dynamics, and large-scale advertising inventory.

Mercurius partners with leading media
platforms including, among others, Sinclair Broadcast Group, Televisa Univision and Atmosphere TV to provide
companies with access to advertising inventory in exchange for equity. Through these media-for-equity transactions, Mercurius has
invested in companies such as Deskera (B2B SaaS ERP), Edly (alternative student financing), RVnGo (peer-to-peer RV rentals), Captain
Experiences (outdoor experiences marketplace), Airtasker (local services marketplace), and Storybook (wellness platform for kids).
Additionally, through the Mercurius Bridge initiative, Mercurius provides assistance to international companies seeking to expand
into the U.S. market.

Forward-Looking Statements

The information in this press release includes
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about the media-for-equity
investment by Mercurius; the anticipated benefits of the media-for-equity investment by Mercurius; reAlphas ability to anticipate
the future needs of the national homebuying market; future trends in the real estate, technology and artificial intelligence industries,
generally; and reAlphas future growth strategy and growth rate. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology
such as may, should, could, might, plan, possible,
project, strive, budget, forecast, expect, intend,
will, estimate, anticipate, believe, predict, potential
or continue, or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology. Factors that may cause actual
results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: reAlphas limited operating history and
that reAlpha has not yet fully developed its AI-based technologies; reAlphas ability to commercialize its developing AI-based technologies;
whether reAlphas technology and products will be accepted and adopted by its customers and intended users; reAlphas ability
to integrate the business of its acquired companies into its existing business and the anticipated demand for such acquired companies
services; reAlphas ability to successfully enter new geographic markets; reAlphas ability to obtain the necessary regulatory
and legal approvals to expand into additional U.S. states and maintain, or obtain, brokerage licenses in such states; reAlphas
ability to generate additional sales or revenue from having access to, or obtaining, additional U.S. states brokerage licenses; Mercurius
ability to successfully place reAlphas creative and advertisement campaigns on any media platform, including, but not limited to,
those which Mercurius has access to, whether through ownership, partnership or any other commercial relationship; reAlphas abiltiy
to expand its operations nationally and bolster its brand reputation and presence in the U.S. market through this media-for-equity investment
by Mercurius; Mercuriuss ability to leverage its media network relationships to make any requested space or slot available to reAlpha
for its advertisement and marketing campaigns; the inability to maintain and strengthen reAlphas brand and reputation; reAlphas
ability to increase consumer engagement in its reAlpha platform and overall brand visibility through increased marketing and outreach
efforts through this media-for-equity transaction with Mercurius; reAlphas ability to scale its operational capabilities to expand
into additional geographic markets and nationally; the potential loss of key employees of its acquired companies; reAlphas inability
to accurately forecast demand for short-term rentals, corporate relocation programs and AI-based real estate focused products; reAlphas
ability to successfully compete in the corporate relocation market; the inability to execute business objectives and growth strategies
successfully or sustain reAlphas growth; the inability of reAlphas customers to pay for reAlphas services; changes
in applicable laws or regulations, and the impact of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance related to such environment;
and other risks and uncertainties indicated in reAlphas SEC filings. Forward-looking statements are based on the opinions and estimates
of management at the date the statements are made and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could
cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Although reAlpha believes
that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will
prove to be correct. reAlphas future results, level of activity, performance or achievements may differ materially from those contemplated,
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, and there is no representation that the actual results achieved will be the same,
in whole or in part, as those set out in the forward-looking statements. For more information about the factors that could cause such
differences, please refer to reAlphas filings with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, and reAlpha does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

Footnotes:

1. Source: New York Times (2024, March 15). Powerful
Realtor Group Agrees to Slash Commissions to Settle Lawsuits. Retrieved from https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/15/realestate/national-association-realtors-commission-settlement.html

2. Source: Redfin. (2025). Home Sales Data from
January 2024 to December 2024. Retrieved from https://public.tableau.com/views/RedfinDataCentertrend/HomeSales.

Investor Relations Contact:

Adele Carey, VP of Investor Relations

investorrelations@realpha.com

Media Contact:

Fatema Bhabrawala, Director of Public Relations

fbhabrawala@allianceadvisors.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>aire-20250307.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>aire-20250307_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>aire-20250307_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41839

Entity Registrant Name reAlpha Tech Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001859199

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3425507

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 6515 Longshore Loop

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Dublin

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 43017

City Area Code 707

Local Phone Number 732-5742

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol AIRE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://realpha.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aire-20250307.xsd 
aire-20250307_lab.xml 
aire-20250307_pre.xml 
ea0233672-8k_realpha.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-021950-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0233672-8k_realpha_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001859199 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001859199 
8-K 
2025-03-07 
reAlpha Tech Corp. 
DE 
001-41839 
86-3425507 
6515 Longshore Loop 
Suite 100 
Dublin 
OH 
43017 
707 
732-5742 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
AIRE 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>