<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-032588.txt : 20250416
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-032588.hdr.sgml : 20250416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250416161513
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-032588
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTELLIGENT PROTECTION MANAGEMENT CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001355839
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				203191847
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38717
		FILM NUMBER:		25843009

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 JERICHO EXECUTIVE PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400E
		CITY:			JERICHO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11753
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 594-5050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 JERICHO EXECUTIVE PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400E
		CITY:			JERICHO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11753

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PALTALK, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200515

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PeerStream, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180312

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Snap Interactive, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071121
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0238487-8k_intelligent.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000135583900013558392025-04-102025-04-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 10, 2025

INTELLIGENT PROTECTION MANAGEMENT CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38717 20-3191847

(State or other
jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

30 Jericho Executive Plaza, Suite 400E

Jericho, NY 11753

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 967-5120

(Former name or former address,
if changed since last report)

Not Applicable

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value IPM The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Section 1 Registrants Business
and Operations

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 10, 2025, Intelligent Protection Management Corp. (the Company),
Intelligent Protection LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (IPM LLC and, together with the Company,
the Borrowers), and Newtek Bank, National Association (Newtek Bank), a subsidiary
of NewtekOne, Inc. (Newtek), entered into that certain business loan agreement and that certain credit agreement
and revolving promissory note (together, the Loan Agreements), which provide for a secured revolving line
of credit to the Borrowers in the maximum amount of $1,000,000 on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreements (the Facility).
The obligations of the Borrowers under the Loan Agreements are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Borrowers.

The Facility will mature on April 10, 2026 (the Maturity
Date), and all outstanding principal amounts and accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall be due and payable on such date
unless the Facility is renewed or extended pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreements. The Facility may be drawn from April 10, 2025
to the Maturity Date. As of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report), no amounts
were outstanding under the Facility.

The rate at which borrowings under the Loan
Agreements bear interest is determined by applying the applicable monthly periodic rate (the Monthly Periodic
Rate) to the average daily balance of the Facility multiplied by the number of days in the month. The applicable
Monthly Periodic Rate equals (i) the Annual Percentage Rate (defined below) (a) divided by 360, (b) multiplied by 365, and (c)
divided by 12 (monthly). The Annual Percentage Rate is subject to change from time to time based on the rate index published by
Newtek Bank plus a margin of 2.00%; provided, however, that in no event will the Annual Percentage Rate be less than 6.07%,
nor will the Annual Percentage Rate exceed the maximum rate allowed by applicable law (the Annual Percentage
Rate).

The Loan Agreements contain customary
representations, warranties and affirmative covenants. The Loan Agreements also contain customary events of default, including,
among other things, nonpayment of principal when due, nonpayment of interest, fees or other amounts after a stated grace period,
garnishment, attachment or execution against any material asset owned by the Borrowers, inaccuracy of representations and
warranties, violations of covenants, subject in certain cases to negotiated grace periods, certain bankruptcies and liquidations,
cross-default and cross-acceleration to material indebtedness, certain unsatisfied judgments, certain adverse changes in the
Companys financial position and any change in ownership of 25% or more of common stock of the Company. If an event of
default occurs and is continuing, Newtek Bank would be entitled to take various actions, including requiring the Borrowers to repay
all amounts then outstanding under the Loan Agreements.

Barry Sloane, a director of the Company, is the Founder, President,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Newtek and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Newtek Bank.

The foregoing description of the Loan Agreements is a summary only,
does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Loan Agreements,
copies of which are filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report and are incorporated by reference herein.

Section 2 Financial Information 

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on
Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Section 9 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Business Loan Agreement and Credit Agreement and Revolving Promissory Note, dated April 10, 2025, by and among Intelligent Protection Management Corp., Intelligent Protection LLC and Newtek Bank, National Association.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: April 16, 2025 

INTELLIGENT PROTECTION MANAGEMENT CORP.

By: /s/ Jason Katz

Jason Katz

Chief Executive Officer 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023848701ex10-1_intell.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT AND CREDIT AGREEMENT AND REVOLVING PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED APRIL 10, 2025, BY AND AMONG INTELLIGENT PROTECTION MANAGEMENT CORP., INTELLIGENT PROTECTION LLC AND NEWTEK BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

Principal

$1,000,000.00 Loan Date

04-10-2025 Maturity

04-10-2026 Loan No 

2732853 Call / Coll Account Officer Initials

References in the boxes above are for Lenders
use only and do not limit the applicability of this document to any particular loan or item.

Any item above containing *** has been
omitted due to text length limitations.

Borrower: Intelligent Protection LLC Lender: Newtek Bank, National Association

Intelligent Protection Management Corp. Lake Success Office

30 Jericho Executive Plaza 1981 Marcus Avenue, Suite 130

Jericho, NY 11753 Lake Success, NY 11042

THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT dated
April 10, 2025, is made and executed between Intelligent Protection LLC and Intelligent Protection Management Corp. (Borrower)
and Newtek Bank, National Association (Lender) on the following terms and conditions. Borrower has received prior commercial
loans from Lender or has applied to Lender for a commercial loan or loans or other financial accommodations, including those which may
be described on any exhibit or schedule attached to this Agreement. Borrower understands and agrees that: (A) in granting, renewing, or
extending any Loan, Lender is relying upon Borrowers representations, warranties, and agreements as set forth in this Agreement; (B)
the granting, renewing, or extending of any Loan by Lender at all times shall be subject to Lenders sole judgment and discretion; and
(C) all such Loans shall be and remain subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

TERM. This Agreement shall be
effective as of April 10, 2025, and shall continue in full force and effect until such time as all of Borrowers Loans in favor of Lender
have been paid in full, including principal, interest, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, and other fees and charges, or until April 10,
2026.

TERM ADDENDUM. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement or any Related Document to the contrary, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until such
time as (a) all of Borrowers Loans in favor of Lender (including without limitation those made under the Credit Agreement) have been
paid in full in indefeasible funds, including principal, interest, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, and other fees and charges, and all
of Borrowers obligations under this Agreement and any other Related Documents have been fully satisfied and (b) Lender is under no further
obligation to extend Borrower any credit, loans or financial accommodations under this Agreement or any other Related Document (including
without limitation the Credit Agreement) or otherwise. In the event a conflict between the foregoing provision and any other provision
of this Agreement or any Related Document, the terms of the foregoing provision shall control.

LINE OF CREDIT. The Indebtedness
includes a revolving line of credit.

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO EACH ADVANCE. Lenders obligation to make the initial Advance and each subsequent Advance under this Agreement shall
be subject to the fulfillment to Lenders satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Related Documents.

Loan Documents.
Borrower shall provide to Lender the following documents for the Loan: (1) the Credit Agreement; (2) Security Agreements granting
to Lender security interests in the Collateral; (3) financing statements and all other documents perfecting Lenders Security Interests;
(4) evidence of insurance as required below; (5) together with all such Related Documents as Lender may require for the Loan; all in form
and substance satisfactory to Lender and Lenders counsel.

Borrowers
Authorization. Borrower shall have provided in form and substance satisfactory to Lender properly certified resolutions, duly authorizing
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note and the Related Documents. In addition, Borrower shall have provided such other
resolutions, authorizations, documents and instruments as Lender or its counsel, may require.

Payment of
Fees and Expenses. Borrower shall have paid to Lender all fees, charges, and other expenses which are then due and payable as specified
in this Agreement or any Related Document.

Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, in the Related Documents, and in any document or certificate
delivered to Lender under this Agreement are true and correct.

No Event of
Default. There shall not exist at the time of any Advance a condition which would constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement
or under any Related Document.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
2

MULTIPLE BORROWERS. This Agreement
has been executed by multiple obligors who are referred to in this Agreement individually, collectively and interchangeably as Borrower.
Unless specifically stated to the contrary, the word Borrower as used in this Agreement, including without limitation all
representations, warranties and covenants, shall include all Borrowers. Borrower understands and agrees that, with or without notice to
any one Borrower, Lender may (A) make one or more additional secured or unsecured loans or otherwise extend additional credit with respect
to any other Borrower; (B) with respect to any other Borrower alter, compromise, renew, extend, accelerate, or otherwise change one or
more times the time for payment or other terms of any indebtedness, including increases and decreases of the rate of interest on the indebtedness;
(C) exchange, enforce, waive, subordinate, fail or decide not to perfect, and release any security, with or without the substitution of
new collateral; (D) release, substitute, agree not to sue, or deal with any one or more of Borrowers or any other Borrowers sureties,
endorsers, or other guarantors on any terms or in any manner Lender may choose; (E) determine how, when and what application of payments
and credits shall be made on any indebtedness; (F) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale of any Collateral, including
without limitation, any non-judicial sale permitted by the terms of the controlling security agreement or deed of trust, as Lender in
its discretion may determine; (G) sell, transfer, assign or grant participations in all or any part of the Loan; (H) exercise or refrain
from exercising any rights against Borrower or others, or otherwise act or refrain from acting; (I) settle or compromise any indebtedness;
and (J) subordinate the payment of all or any part of any of Borrowers indebtedness to Lender to the payment of any liabilities which
may be due Lender or others.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES. Borrower represents and warrants to Lender, as of the date of this Agreement, as of the date of each disbursement
of loan proceeds, as of the date of any renewal, extension or modification of any Loan, and at all times any Indebtedness exists:

Organization. Intelligent
Protection LLC is a limited liability company which is, and at all times shall be, duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware. Intelligent Protection LLC is duly authorized to transact
business in all other states in which Intelligent Protection LLC is doing business, having obtained all necessary filings,
governmental licenses and approvals for each state in which Intelligent Protection LLC is doing business. Specifically, Intelligent
Protection LLC is, and at all times shall be, duly qualified as a foreign limited liability company in all states in which the
failure to so qualify would have a material adverse effect on its business or financial condition. Intelligent Protection LLC has
the full power and authority to own its properties and to transact the business in which it is presently engaged or presently
proposes to engage. Intelligent Protection LLC maintains an office at 30 Jericho Executive Plaza, Jericho, NY 11753. Unless
Intelligent Protection LLC has designated otherwise in writing, the principal office is the office at which Intelligent Protection
LLC keeps its books and records including its records concerning the Collateral. Intelligent Protection LLC will notify Lender prior
to any change in the location of Intelligent Protection LLCs state of organization or any change in Intelligent Protection LLCs
name. Intelligent Protection LLC shall do all things necessary to preserve and to keep in full force and effect its existence,
rights and privileges, and shall comply with all regulations, rules, ordinances, statutes, orders and decrees of any governmental or
quasi- governmental authority or court applicable to Intelligent Protection LLC and Intelligent Protection LLCs business
activities.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
3

Intelligent Protection Management Corp.
is a corporation for profit which is, and at all times shall be, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under and by virtue
of the laws of the State of Delaware. Intelligent Protection Management Corp. is duly authorized to transact business in all other states
in which Intelligent Protection Management Corp. is doing business, having obtained all necessary filings, governmental licenses and approvals
for each state in which Intelligent Protection Management Corp. is doing business. Specifically, Intelligent Protection Management Corp.
is, and at all times shall be, duly qualified as a foreign corporation in all states in which the failure to so qualify would have a material
adverse effect on its business or financial condition. Intelligent Protection Management Corp. has the full power and authority to own
its properties and to transact the business in which it is presently engaged or presently proposes to engage. Intelligent Protection Management
Corp. maintains an office at 30 Jericho Executive Plaza, Jericho, NY 11753. Unless Intelligent Protection Management Corp. has designated
otherwise in writing, the principal office is the office at which Intelligent Protection Management Corp. keeps its books and records
including its records concerning the Collateral. Intelligent Protection Management Corp. will notify Lender prior to any change in the
location of Intelligent Protection Management Corp.s state of organization or any change in Intelligent Protection Management Corp.s
name. Intelligent Protection Management Corp. shall do all things necessary to preserve and to keep in full force and effect its existence,
rights and privileges, and shall comply with all regulations, rules, ordinances, statutes, orders and decrees of any governmental or quasi-governmental
authority or court applicable to Intelligent Protection Management Corp. and Intelligent Protection Management Corp.s business activities.

Assumed Business
Names. Borrower has filed or recorded all documents or filings required by law relating to all assumed business names used by Borrower.
Excluding the name of Borrower, the following is a complete list of all assumed business names under which Borrower does business: None.

Authorization.
Borrowers execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and all the Related Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary
action by Borrower and do not conflict with, result in a violation of, or constitute a default under (1) any provision of (a) Borrowers
articles of incorporation or organization, or bylaws, or (b) Borrowers articles of organization or membership agreements, or (c) any
agreement or other instrument binding upon Borrower or (2) any law, governmental regulation, court decree, or order applicable to Borrower
or to Borrowers properties.

Financial
Information. Each of Borrowers financial statements supplied to Lender truly and completely disclosed Borrowers financial condition
as of the date of the statement, and there has been no material adverse change in Borrowers financial condition subsequent to the date
of the most recent financial statement supplied to Lender. Borrower has no material contingent obligations except as disclosed in such
financial statements.

Legal Effect. This Agreement
constitutes, and any instrument or agreement Borrower is required to give under this Agreement when delivered will constitute legal, valid,
and binding obligations of Borrower enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms.

Properties. Except as contemplated
by this Agreement or as previously disclosed in Borrowers financial statements or in writing to Lender and as accepted by Lender, and
except for property tax liens for taxes not presently due and payable, Borrower owns and has good title to all of Borrowers properties
free and clear of all Security Interests, and has not executed any security documents or financing statements relating to such properties.
All of Borrowers properties are titled in Borrowers legal name, and Borrower has not used or filed a financing statement under any
other name for at least the last five (5) years.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
4

Hazardous Substances. Except
as disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, Borrower represents and warrants that: (1) During the period of Borrowers ownership
of the Collateral, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any
Hazardous Substance by any person on, under, about or from any of the Collateral. (2) Borrower has no knowledge of, or reason to believe
that there has been (a) any breach or violation of any Environmental Laws; (b) any use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal,
release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the Collateral by any prior owners or occupants of any
of the Collateral; or (c) any actual or threatened litigation or claims of any kind by any person relating to such matters. (3) Neither
Borrower nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other authorized user of any of the Collateral shall use, generate, manufacture, store,
treat, dispose of or release any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from any of the Collateral; and any such activity shall be conducted
in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and ordinances, including without limitation all Environmental
Laws. Borrower authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Collateral to make such inspections and tests as Lender may deem appropriate
to determine compliance of the Collateral with this section of the Agreement. Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall be at Borrowers
expense and for Lenders purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Borrower
or to any other person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on Borrowers due diligence in investigating the
Collateral for hazardous waste and Hazardous Substances. Borrower hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims against Lender for
indemnity or contribution in the event Borrower becomes liable for cleanup or other costs under any such laws, and (2) agrees to indemnify,
defend, and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly
or indirectly sustain or suffer resulting from a breach of this section of the Agreement or as a consequence of any use, generation, manufacture,
storage, disposal, release or threatened release of a hazardous waste or substance on the Collateral. The provisions of this section of
the Agreement, including the obligation to indemnify and defend, shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the termination, expiration
or satisfaction of this Agreement and shall not be affected by Lenders acquisition of any interest in any of the Collateral, whether
by foreclosure or otherwise.

Litigation
and Claims. No litigation, claim, investigation, administrative proceeding or similar action (including those for unpaid taxes) against
Borrower is pending or threatened, and no other event has occurred which may materially adversely affect Borrowers financial condition
or properties, other than litigation, claims, or other events, if any, that have been disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing.

Taxes.
To the best of Borrowers knowledge, all of Borrowers tax returns and reports that are or were required to be filed, have been filed,
and all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges have been paid in full, except those presently being or to be contested by Borrower
in good faith in the ordinary course of business and for which adequate reserves have been provided.

Lien Priority. Unless otherwise
previously disclosed to Lender in writing, Borrower has not entered into or granted any Security Agreements, or permitted the filing or
attachment of any Security Interests on or affecting any of the Collateral directly or indirectly securing repayment of Borrowers Loan
and Credit Agreement, that would be prior or that may in any way be superior to Lenders Security Interests and rights in and to such
Collateral.

Binding Effect. This Agreement,
the Credit Agreement, all Security Agreements (if any), and all Related Documents are binding upon the signers thereof, as well as upon
their successors, representatives and assigns, and are legally enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
5

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. Borrower
covenants and agrees with Lender that, so long as this Agreement remains in effect, Borrower will:

Notices of
Claims and Litigation. Promptly inform Lender in writing of (1) all material adverse changes in Borrowers financial condition, and
(2) all existing and all threatened litigation, claims, investigations, administrative proceedings or similar actions affecting Borrower
or any Guarantor which could materially affect the financial condition of Borrower or the financial condition of any Guarantor.

Financial Records. Maintain
its books and records in accordance with GAAP, or an OCBOA acceptable to Lender, applied on a consistent basis, and permit Lender to examine
and audit Borrowers books and records at all reasonable times.

Financial
Statements. Furnish Lender with such financial statements and other related information at such frequencies and in such detail as
Lender may reasonably request.

Additional Information. Furnish
such additional information and statements, as Lender may request from time to time.

Insurance.
Maintain fire and other risk insurance, public liability insurance, and such other insurance as Lender may require with respect to
Borrowers properties and operations, in form, amounts, coverages and with insurance companies acceptable to Lender. Borrower, upon request
of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including
stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without at least ten (10) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance
policy also shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act, omission
or default of Borrower or any other person. In connection with all policies covering assets in which Lender holds or is offered a security
interest for the Loans, Borrower will provide Lender with such lenders loss payable or other endorsements as Lender may require.

Insurance
Reports. Furnish to Lender, upon request of Lender, reports on each existing insurance policy showing such information as Lender may
reasonably request, including without limitation the following: (1) the name of the insurer; (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount of
the policy; (4) the properties insured; (5) the then current property values on the basis of which insurance has been obtained, and the
manner of determining those values; and (6) the expiration date of the policy. In addition, upon request of Lender (however not more often
than annually), Borrower will have an independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine, as applicable, the actual cash value or
replacement cost of any Collateral. The cost of such appraisal shall be paid by Borrower.

Other Agreements. Use commercially
reasonable efforts to comply with all terms and conditions of all other material agreements, whether now or hereafter existing, between
Borrower and any other party and notify Lender in writing of any material default in connection with any other such agreements.

Loan Proceeds.
Use all Loan proceeds solely for Borrowers business operations, unless specifically consented to the contrary by Lender in writing.

Taxes, Charges and Liens. Pay
and discharge when due all of its indebtedness and obligations, including without limitation all assessments, taxes, governmental charges,
levies and liens, of every kind and nature, imposed upon Borrower or its properties, income, or profits, prior to the date on which penalties
would attach, and all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might become a lien or charge upon any of Borrowers properties, income, or profits.
Provided however, Borrower will not be required to pay and discharge any such assessment, tax, charge, levy, lien or claim so long as
(1) the legality of the same shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and (2) Borrower shall have established on Borrowers
books adequate reserves with respect to such contested assessment, tax, charge, levy, lien, or claim in accordance with GAAP or an OCBOA
acceptable to Lender.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
6

Performance. Perform and comply,
in a timely manner, with all terms, conditions, and provisions set forth in this Agreement, in the Related Documents, and in all other
instruments and agreements between Borrower and Lender. Borrower shall notify Lender immediately in writing of any default in connection
with any agreement.

Operations. Maintain executive
and management personnel with substantially the same qualifications and experience as the present executive and management personnel;
provide written notice to Lender of any change in executive and management personnel; con duct its business affairs in a reasonable and
prudent manner.

Environmental Studies. Promptly
conduct and complete, at Borrowers expense, all such investigations, studies, samplings and testings as may be requested by Lender or
any governmental authority relative to any substance, or any waste or by-product of any substance defined as toxic or a hazardous substance
under applicable federal, state, or local law, rule, regulation, order or directive, at or affecting any property or any facility owned,
leased or used by Borrower.

Compliance
with Governmental Requirements. Comply with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, now or hereafter in effect, of all governmental
authorities applicable to the conduct of Borrowers properties, businesses and operations, and to the use or occupancy of the Collateral,
including without limitation, the Americans With Disabilities Act. Borrower may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation
and withhold compliance during any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Borrower has notified Lender in writing prior
to doing so and so long as, in Lenders sole opinion, Lenders interests in the Collateral are not jeopardized. Lender may require Borrower
to post adequate security or a surety bond, reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lenders interest.

Beneficial Ownership Information.
Comply with all beneficial ownership information reporting requirements of the Corporate Transparency Act and its implementing regulations
(collectively the CTA), if applicable to any Borrower. Any Borrower that is or becomes a reporting company as defined in the CTA: (1)
has filed, or will file within required timeframes a complete and accurate report of its beneficial ownership information with the Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) as required by the CTA; (2) will update or correct its beneficial ownership information with FinCEN
within required timeframes upon any change in its beneficial ownership information; (3) will provide Lender with a copy of its beneficial
ownership information report filed with FinCEN upon request; (4) consents to all ow Lender to obtain from FinCEN beneficial ownership
information filed by Borrower; and (5) will notify Lender in writing of any change in its beneficial ownership information within 30 days
of such change.

Inspection. Permit employees
or agents of Lender at any reasonable time to inspect any and all Collateral for the Loan or Loans and Borrowers other properties and
to examine or audit Borrowers books, accounts, and records and to make copies and memoranda of Borrowers books, accounts, and records.
If Borrower now or at any time hereafter maintains any records (including without limitation computer generated records and computer software
programs for the generation of such records) in the possession of a third party, Borrower, upon request of Lender, shall notify such party
to permit Lender free access to such records at all reasonable times and to provide Lender with copies of any records it may request,
all at Borrowers expense.

Compliance
Certificates. Unless waived in writing by Lender, provide Lender at least annually, with a certificate executed by Borrowers chief
financial officer, or other officer or person acceptable to Lender, certifying that the representations and warranties set forth in this
Agreement are true and correct as of the date of the certificate and further certifying that, as of the date of the certificate, no Event
of Default exists under this Agreement.

Environmental
Compliance and Reports. Borrower shall comply in all respects with any and all Environmental Laws; not cause or permit to exist,
as a result of an intentional or unintentional action or omission on Borrowers part or on the part of any third party, on property
owned and/or occupied by Borrower, any environmental activity where damage may result to the environment, unless such environmental
activity is pursuant to and in compliance with the conditions of a permit issued by the appropriate federal, state or local
governmental authorities; shall furnish to Lender promptly and in any event within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof a copy of
any notice, summons, lien, citation, directive, letter or other communication from any governmental agency or instrumentality
concerning any intentional or unintentional action or omission on Borrowers part in connection with any environmental activity
whether or not there is damage to the environment and/or other natural resources.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
7

Additional Assurances. Make,
execute and deliver to Lender such promissory notes, mortgages, deeds of trust, security agreements, assignments, financing statements,
instruments, documents and other agreements as Lender or its attorneys may reasonably request to evidence and secure the Loans and to
perfect all Security Interests.

LENDERS EXPENDITURES.
If any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lenders interest in the Collateral or if Borrower fails to
comply with any provision of this Agreement or any Related Documents, including but not limited to Borrowers failure to discharge or
pay when due any amounts Borrower is required to discharge or pay under this Agreement or any Related Documents, Lender on Borrowers
behalf may (but shall not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited to discharging or
paying all taxes, liens, security interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on any Collateral and paying
all costs for insuring, maintaining and preserving any Collateral. All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes,
with the exception of insurance premiums paid by Lender with respect to motor vehicles, but including the payment of attorneys fees and
expenses, will then bear interest at the rate charged under the Credit Agreement from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date
of repayment by Borrower. All such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lenders option, will (A) be payable on demand;
(B) be added to the balance of the Credit Agreement and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment payments to become due
during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining term of the Credit Agreement; or (C) be treated as
a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Credit Agreements maturity.

CESSATION
OF ADVANCES. If Lender has made any commitment to make any Loan to Borrower, whether under this Agreement or under any other agreement,
Lender shall have no obligation to make Loan Advances or to disburse Loan proceeds if: (A) Borrower or any Guarantor is in default under
the terms of this Agreement or any of the Related Documents or any other agreement that Borrower or any Guarantor has with Lender; (B)
Borrower or any Guarantor dies, becomes incompetent or becomes insolvent, files a petition in bankruptcy or similar proceedings, or is
adjudged a bankrupt; (C) there occurs a material adverse change in Borrowers financial condition, in the financial condition of any Guarantor,
or in the value of any Collateral securing any Loan; or (D) any Guarantor seeks, claims or otherwise attempts to limit, modify or revoke
such Guarantors guaranty of the Loan or any other loan with Lender.

RIGHT OF SETOFF. To the extent
permitted by applicable law, Lender reserves a right of setoff in all Borrowers accounts with Lender (whether checking, savings, or some
other account and whether evidenced by a certificate of deposit). This includes all accounts Borrower holds jointly with someone else
and all accounts Borrower may open in the future. However, this does not include any IRA or Keogh accounts, or any trust accounts for
which setoff would be prohibited by law. Borrower authorizes Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to charge or setoff all
sums owing on the Indebtedness against any and all such accounts.

DEFAULT. Each of the following
shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement:

Payment Default. Borrower fails
to make any payment when due under the Loan.

Other Defaults. Borrower fails
to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any of the Related Documents
or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other agreement between Lender and Borrower.

Default in
Favor of Third Parties. Borrower or any Grantor defaults under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales
agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of Borrowers or any Grantors
property or Borrowers or any Grantors ability to repay the Loans or perform their respective obligations under this Agreement or any
of the Related Documents.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
8

False Statements.
Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Borrower or on Borrowers behalf under this Agreement or
the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes false or
misleading at any time thereafter.

Insolvency. The dissolution
or termination of Borrowers existence as a going business, the insolvency of Borrower, the appointment of a receiver for any part of
Borrowers property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding
under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Borrower.

Defective
Collateralization. This Agreement or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any
collateral document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any time and for any reason.

Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings.
Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any other method,
by any creditor of Borrower or by any governmental agency against any collateral securing the Loan. This includes a garnishment of any
of Borrowers accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However, this Event of Default shall not apply if there is a good faith
dispute by Borrower as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and
if Borrower gives Lender written notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender monies or a surety bond for
the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an adequate reserve or bond
for the dispute.

Change in Ownership. Any change
in ownership of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the common stock of Borrower.

Adverse Change. A material adverse
change occurs in Borrowers financial condition, or Lender believes the prospect of payment or performance of the Loan is impaired.

Events Affecting
Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any Guarantor of any of the Indebtedness or any Guarantor dies or becomes
incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness.

EFFECT OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT. If
any Event of Default shall occur, except where otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Related Documents, all commitments and obligations
of Lender under this Agreement or the Related Documents or any other agreement immediately will terminate (including any obligation to
make further Loan Advances or disbursements), and, at Lenders option, all Indebtedness immediately will become due and payable, all
without notice of any kind to Borrower, except that in the case of an Event of Default of the type described in the Insolvency
subsection above, such acceleration shall be automatic and not optional. In addition, Lender shall have all the rights and remedies provided
in the Related Documents or available at law, in equity, or otherwise. Except as may be prohibited by applicable law, all of Lenders
rights and remedies shall be cumulative and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy shall
not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Borrower or
of any Grantor shall not affect Lenders right to declare a default and to exercise its rights and remedies.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
9

FINANCIAL REPORTING. During the term of the Loan,
the Borrower shall deliver to the Lender:

Business Tax Returns: As soon as possible
and in any event within 30 days of filing thereof, copies of all tax returns filed by Borrower and any Guarantor with the U.S. Internal
Revenue Service.

Accountant prepared financial statements:
As soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of preparation thereof, copies of all financial statements prepared by accountants
for or on behalf of Borrower for any purpose.

Quarterly Financial
Statements: As soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Borrower, Borrowers financial
statements, including balance sheet, and profit and loss.

Annual Personal Financial Statements.
As soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after December 31st of any given year, each guarantors annual financial statements.

In addition, after receipt of written
request from Lender, provide any other financial data or information as the Lender may reasonably request from time to time.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous
provisions are a part of this Agreement:

Amendments.
This Agreement, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters
set forth in this Agreement. No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by
the party or parties sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment.

Attorneys
Fees; Expenses. Borrower agrees to pay upon demand all of Lenders costs and expenses, including Lenders reasonable attorneys fees
and Lenders legal expenses, incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement. Lender may hire or pay someone else to help
enforce this Agreement, and Borrower shall pay the costs and expenses of such enforcement. Costs and expenses include Lenders reasonable
attorneys fees and legal expenses whether or not there is a lawsuit, including reasonable attorneys fees and legal expenses for bankruptcy
proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment collection
services. Borrower also shall pay all court costs and such additional fees as may be directed by the court.

Caption Headings. Caption headings
in this Agreement are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions of this Agreement.

Consent to Loan Participation. Borrower
agrees and consents to Lenders sale or transfer, whether now or later, of one or more participation interests in the Loan to one or more
purchasers, whether related or unrelated to Lender. Lender may provide, without any limitation whatsoever, to any one or more purchasers,
or potential purchasers, any information or knowledge Lender may have about Borrower or about any other matter relating to the Loan, and
Borrower hereby waives any rights to privacy Borrower may have with respect to such matters. Borrower additionally waives any and all
notices of sale of participation interests, as well as all notices of any repurchase of such participation interests. Borrower also agrees
that the purchasers of any such participation interests will be considered as the absolute owners of such interests in the Loan and will
have all the rights granted under the participation agreement or agreements governing the sale of such participation interests. Borrower
further waives all rights of offset or counterclaim that it may have now or later against Lender or against any purchaser of such a participation
interest and unconditionally agrees that either Lender or such purchaser may enforce Borrowers obligation under the Loan irrespective
of the failure or insolvency of any holder of any interest in the Loan. Borrower further agrees that the purchaser of any such participation
interests may enforce its interests irrespective of any personal claims or defenses that Borrower may have against Lender.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
10

Joint and Several Liability.
All obligations of Borrower under this Agreement shall be joint and several, and all references to Borrower shall mean each and every
Borrower. This means that each Borrower signing below is responsible for all obligations in this Agreement. Where any one or more of the
parties is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or similar entity, it is not necessary for Lender to inquire into the
powers of any of the officers, directors, partners, members, or other agents acting or purporting to act on the entitys behalf, and any
obligations made or created in reliance upon the professed exercise of such powers shall be guaranteed under this Agreement.

No Waiver
by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Agreement unless such waiver is given in writing and signed
by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right.
A waiver by Lender of a provision of this Agreement shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lenders right otherwise to demand strict
compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Agreement. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course of dealing between
Lender and Borrower, or between Lender and any Grantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lenders rights or of any of Borrowers or
any Grantors obligations as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Agreement, the granting
of such consent by Lender in any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required
and in all cases such consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender.

Notices.
Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually
received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed,
when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown
near the beginning of this Agreement. Any party may change its address for notices under this Agreement by giving formal written notice
to the other parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the partys address. For notice purposes, Borrower agrees
to keep Lender informed at all times of Borrowers current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there is more than
one Borrower, any notice given by Lender to any Borrower is deemed to be notice given to all Borrowers.

Severability. If a court of
competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any person or circumstance,
that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other person or circumstance. If feasible,
the offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid and enforceable. If the offending provision cannot
be so modified, it shall be considered deleted from this Agreement. Unless otherwise required by law, the illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability
of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.

Subsidiaries
and Affiliates of Borrower. To the extent the context of any provisions of this Agreement makes it appropriate, including without
limitation any representation, warranty or covenant, the word Borrower as used in this Agreement shall include all of Borrowers
subsidiaries and affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing however, under no circumstances shall this Agreement be construed to require
Lender to make any Loan or other financial accommodation to any of Borrowers subsidiaries or affiliates.

Successors
and Assigns. All covenants and agreements by or on behalf of Borrower contained in this Agreement or any Related Documents shall
bind Borrowers successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assign s. Borrower shall not,
however, have the right to assign Borrowers rights under this Agreement or any interest therein, without the prior written consent
of Lender.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
11

Survival of Representations and Warranties.
Borrower understands and agrees that in extending Loan Advances, Lender is relying on all representations, warranties, and covenants
made by Borrower in this Agreement or in any certificate or other instrument delivered by Borrower to Lender under this Agreement or the
Related Documents. Borrower further agrees that regardless of any investigation made by Lender, all such representations, warranties and
covenants will survive the extension of Loan Advances and delivery to Lender of the Related Documents, shall be continuing in nature,
shall be deemed made and redated by Borrower at the time each Loan Advance is made, and shall remain in full force and effect until such
time as Borrowers Indebtedness shall be paid in full, or until this Agreement shall be terminated in the manner provided above, whichever
is the last to occur.

Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in
the performance of this Agreement.

Electronic
Signature. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts
shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Any signature to this Agreement or any agreement or document in connection herewith
delivered by a party via telecopy transmission or other electronic means shall be deemed to be an original signature. The words execution,
execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures and the keeping
of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature
or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including
the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the Florida State Electronic Signatures Act, the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act as adopted in Florida or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

Assignments Void. To the extent
this Agreement or any Related Documents or any portion of this Agreement or any Related Documents is assigned by Borrower without Lenders
prior written consent, such assignment shall be null and void ab initio.

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. GRANTOR HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY RELATED DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER THEORY). GRANTOR CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT, OR ATTORNEY OF LENDER HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT LENDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER. GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT LENDER HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THIS SECTION..

GOVERNING
LAW. This Agreement will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws
of State of Florida without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. This Agreement has been accepted by Lender in the State of Florida.

ACH DEPOSITORY
REQUIREMENT . Borrower shall establish a depository account with Newtek Bank, National Association to facilitate all payment(s) due
under the subject loan agreement. Account Holder shall authorize the bank to debit account upon agreeing to and signing the ACH Authorization
to Debit Account for Payment form. .

NEWTEK BANK
DEPOSITORY REQUIREMENT. Borrower shall maintain a depository account with Newtek Bank, National Association and establish the Account
Holder. The Lender may credit the deposit account with loan disbursements, if applicable. .

DEFINITIONS.
The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Agreement. Unless specifically stated
to the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. Words and terms
used in the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms
not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code. Accounting words
and terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles as in effect on the date of this Agreement:

Advance.
The word Advance means a disbursement of Loan funds made, or to be made, to Borrower or on Borrowers behalf on a line of
credit or multiple advance basis under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
12

Agreement. The word Agreement
means this Business Loan Agreement, as this Business Loan Agreement may be amended or modified from time to time, together with all exhibits
and schedules attached to this Business Loan Agreement from time to time.

Borrower. The word Borrower
means Intelligent Protection LLC and Intelligent Protection Management Corp. and includes all co-signers and co-makers signing the Credit
Agreement and all their successors and assigns.

Collateral. The word Collateral
means all property and assets granted as collateral security for a Loan, whether real or personal property, whether granted directly or
indirectly, whether granted now or in the future, and whether granted in the form of a security interest, mortgage, collateral mortgage,
deed of trust, assignment, pledge, crop pledge, chattel mortgage, collateral chattel mortgage, chattel trust, factors lien, equipment
trust, conditional sale, trust receipt, lien, charge, lien or title retention contract, lease or consignment intended as a security device,
or any other security or lien interest whatsoever, whether created by law, contract, or otherwise.

Credit Agreement.
The words Credit Agreement mean the Credit Agreement dated April 10, 2025 and executed by Intelligent Protection LLC and
Intelligent Protection Management Corp. in the principal amount of $1,000,000.00, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications
of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the note or credit agreement.

Environmental Laws. The words
Environmental Laws mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances relating to the protection
of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability
Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. (CERCLA), the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986,
Pub. L. No. 99-499 (SARA), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules, or regulations adopted pursuant thereto.

Event of Default. The words Event
of Default mean any of the events of default set forth in this Agreement in the default section of this Agreement.

GAAP. The word GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles.

Grantor. The word Grantor
means each and all of the persons or entities granting a Security Interest in any Collateral for the Loan, including without limitation
all Borrowers granting such a Security Interest.

Guarantor. The word Guarantor
means any guarantor, surety, or accommodation party of any or all of the Loan.

Guaranty.
The word Guaranty means the guaranty from Guarantor to Lender, including without limitation a guaranty of all or part of
the Credit Agreement.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
13

Hazardous
Substances. The words Hazardous Substances mean materials that, because of their quantity, concentration or physical,
chemical or infectious characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when improperly
used, treated, stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words Hazardous Substances
are used in their very broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or waste as
defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term Hazardous Substances also includes, without limitation, petroleum
and petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos.

Indebtedness. The word Indebtedness
means the indebtedness evidenced by the Credit Agreement or Related Documents, including all principal and interest together with all
other indebtedness and costs and expenses for which Borrower is responsible under this Agreement or under any of the Related Documents.

Lender. The word Lender
means Newtek Bank, National Association, its successors and assigns.

Loan. The word Loan
means any and all loans and financial accommodations from Lender to Borrower whether now or hereafter existing, and however evidenced,
including without limitation those loans and financial accommodations described herein or described on any exhibit or schedule attached
to this Agreement from time to time.

OCBOA. The term OCBOA
means Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, as designated by Lender in writing as an acceptable alternative to GAAP.

Related Documents.
The words Related Documents mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental agreements, guaranties,
security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments, agreements and documents,
whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Loan.

Security Agreement. The words
Security Agreement mean and include without limitation any agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, understandings or
other agreements, whether created by law, contract, or otherwise, evidencing, governing, representing, or creating a Security Interest.

Security Interest. The words
Security Interest mean, without limitation, any and all types of collateral security, present and future, whether in the form
of a lien, charge, encumbrance, mortgage, deed of trust, security deed, assignment, pledge, crop pledge, chattel mortgage, collateral
chattel mortgage, chattel trust, factors lien, equipment trust, conditional sale, trust receipt, lien or title retention contract, lease
or consignment intended as a security device, or any other security or lien interest whatsoever whether created by law, contract, or
otherwise.

Choice of
Venue. Borrower agrees that all actions or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, any other Related Document
or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be tried and litigated exclusively (a) in the state courts or federal
courts located in Miami-Dade County, State of Florida or (b) at the sole option of Lender any other court in which Lender shall initiate
legal or equitable proceedings and which has subject matter jurisdiction over the matter in controversy. Borrower hereby irrevocably waives
any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court and any claim that any such action or proceeding
has been brought in an inconvenient forum. A final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in
any other jurisdiction by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

Credit Agreement & Revolving
Promissory Note. All terms, provisions and agreements set forth in the Credit Agreement (except to the extent expressly modified herein)
are hereby incorporated herein by reference with the same force and effect as though fully set forth herein. This Agreement and the Loan
Agreement are intended to be read together to avoid any conflicts (for instance, if there are comparable terms in each agreement, both
shall apply as if they supplement each other except to the extent they directly conflict. In the event of any direct conflict between
the terms of the Credit Agreement and any other Related Document, the provisions of the Credit Agreement shall prevail but only to the
extent necessary to eliminate such conflict.

Loan No: 2732853 BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued) Page
14

BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS
OF THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT AND BORROWER AGREES TO ITS TERMS. THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT IS DATED APRIL 10, 2025.

BORROWER:

INTELLIGENT PROTECTION LLC 

INTELLIGENT PROTECTION MANAGEMENT CORP., Member of Intelligent Protection LLC

By: /s/ Jason Katz 

Jason Katz, Chief Executive Officer of Intelligent Protection Management Corp. 

INTELLIGENT PROTECTION MANAGEMENT CORP.

By: /s/ Jason Katz 

Jason Katz, Chief Executive Officer of Intelligent Protection Management Corp. 

CREDIT AGREEMENT & REVOLVING
PROMISSORY NOTE

Principal

$1,000,000.00

Loan Date

04-10-2025 Maturity

04-10-2026 Loan No 

2732853 Call / Coll Account Officer Initials

References in the boxes above are
for Lenders use only and do not limit the applicability of this document to any particular loan or item.

Any item above containing *** has been
omitted due to text length limitations.

Borrower: Intelligent Protection
LLC Lender: Newtek Bank, National Association

Intelligent Protection Management
Corp. Lake Success Office

30 Jericho Executive Plaza 1981 Marcus Avenue, Suite 130

Jericho, NY 11753 Lake Success, NY 11042

CREDIT LIMIT: $1,000,000.00 DATE OF AGREEMENT: April 10, 2025

Introduction. This Credit Agreement
& Revolving Promissory Note (Agreement) governs Borrowers line of credit (the Credit Line or the Credit
Line Account) issued through Newtek Bank, National Association. In this Agreement, the words Borrower, you,
your, and Applicant mean each and every person who signs this Agreement, including all Borrowers named above.
The words we, us, our, and Lender mean Newtek Bank, National Association. Borrower
agrees to the following terms and conditions:

Promise to Pay. Borrower promises
to pay Newtek Bank, National Association, or order, the total of all credit advances and accrued interest, together with all fees, charges,
costs and expenses for which Borrower is responsible under this Agreement or under security agreements which secure Borrowers Credit
Line. Borrower will pay Borrowers Credit Line according to the payment terms set forth below. If there is more than one Borrower,
each is fully obligated to keep all of Borrowers promises and obligations contained in this Agreement. This means Lender can require
any Borrower to pay all amounts due under this Agreement, including credit advances made to any Borrower. Each Borrower authorizes any
other Borrower, on the authority of any one Borrowers signature alone, to cancel the Credit Line, to request and receive credit advances,
and to do all other things necessary to carry out the terms of this Agreement. Lender can release any Borrower from responsibility under
this Agreement, and the others will remain responsible.

Term. The
term of Borrowers Credit Line will begin as of the date of this Agreement (Opening Date) and will continue until April 10,
2026 (Maturity Date). All indebtedness under this Agreement, if not already paid pursuant to the payment provisions below,
will be due and payable upon maturity. The draw period of Borrowers Credit Line will begin on the Opening Date. Borrower may obtain credit
advances during this period (Draw Period). Borrower agrees that Lender may renew or extend the period during which Borrower
may obtain credit advances or make payments. Borrower further agrees that Lender may renew or extend Borrowers Credit Line Account.

Minimum Payment. Borrowers
Regular Payment will equal the amount of Borrowers accrued interest. Borrower will make 11 of these payments. Borrower will
then be required to pay the entire balance owing in a single balloon payment. If Borrower makes only the Minimum Payments,
Borrower may not repay any of the principal balance by the end of the payment stream and a final balloon payment will be due at maturity
of the Credit Line. Borrowers payments will be due monthly. Borrowers Minimum Payment is Borrowers Regular Payment, plus
any amounts past due and all fees and charges. An increase in the Annual Percentage Rate may increase the amount of Borrowers Regular
Payment and the final balloon payment due at maturity of the Credit Line. Borrower agrees to pay not less than the Minimum Payment on
or before the due date.

Loan No: 2732853 CREDIT
AGREEMENT & REVOLVING PROMISSORY NOTE

(Continued) Page 2

Payment. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Regular Payment shall also include all fees, costs, expenses, and charges payable and chargeable under this Agreement
and Related Documents through the end of the calendar month immediately preceding the due date of the applicable Regular Payment plus
any amounts past due on the Credit Line. Borrower will pay the Regular Payment on the 5th of the month (the Monthly Payment Date)
(a) for loans originating from the first to the fifteenth day of the month starting the month following the Opening Date, and (b) for
loans originating on or after the sixteenth day of the month, starting in the second calendar month following the month in which the Opening
Date occurred, and in each case continuing on the same day of each month thereafter until the Maturity Date. Borrower will pay a balloon
payment of all amounts due under the Credit Line, including the outstanding balance of the Credit Line (including without limitation,
all outstanding credit advances, accrued interest and all fees, charges, costs and expenses due under this Agreement or any Related Documents)
on the Maturity Date.

How Borrowers
Payments Are Applied. Unless otherwise agreed or required by applicable law, payments and other credits will be applied first to accrued
interest; then to late charges and other charges; then to unpaid principal; and then to any amounts that exceed Borrowers Credit Limit.

Credit Limit. This Agreement
covers a revolving line of credit for the principal amount of One Million & 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00), which will be Borrowers
Credit Limit under this Agreement. Borrower may borrow against the Credit Line, repay any portion of the amount borrowed,
and re-borrow up to the amount of the Credit Limit. Borrowers Credit Limit is the maximum amount Borrower may have outstanding at any
one time. Borrower agrees not to attempt, request, or obtain a credit advance that will make Borrowers Credit Line Account balance exceed
Borrowers Credit Limit. Borrowers Credit Limit will not be increased should Borrower overdraw Borrowers Credit Line Account. If Borrower
exceeds Borrowers Credit Limit, Borrower agrees to repay immediately the amount by which Borrowers Credit Line Account exceeds Borrowers
Credit Limit. Any amount greater than the Credit Limit will be secured by the security agreement covering Borrowers property.

Charges to Borrowers Credit Line.
Lender may charge Borrowers Credit Line to pay other fees and costs that Borrower is obligated to pay under this Agreement, the security
agreement or any other document related to Borrowers Credit Line. In addition, Lender may charge Borrowers Credit Line for funds required
for continuing insurance coverage as described in the paragraph titled Insurance below or as described in the security agreement
for this transaction. Any amount so charged to Borrowers Credit Line will be a credit advance and will decrease the funds available,
if any, under the Credit Line. However, Lender has no obligation to provide any of the credit advances referred to in this paragraph.

Credit Advances.
Beginning on the Opening Date of this Agreement, Borrower may obtain credit advances under Borrowers Credit Line as follows:

Telephone Request. Requesting
a credit advance from Borrowers Credit Line to be applied to Borrowers designated account by telephone. Except for transactions covered
by the federal Electronic Fund Transfers Act and unless otherwise agreed in Borrowers deposit account agreement, Borrower acknowledges
and Borrower agrees that Lender does not accept responsibility for the authenticity of telephone instructions and that Lender will not
be liable for any loss, expense, or cost arising out of any telephone request, including any fraudulent or unauthorized telephone request,
when acting upon such instructions believed to be genuine.

Overdrafts. Overdrawing a designated
deposit account with us. Overdrafts may occur in the designated deposit account as a result of any transaction made or initiated in the
account, which, either alone or together with other transactions in the account, exceeds the available collected balance in the account.
Lender may, but are not required to, use the entire credit limit available under this Credit Line Account to authorize and/or pay debit
card and ATM transactions on the designated deposit account.

Loan No: 2732853 CREDIT
AGREEMENT & REVOLVING PROMISSORY NOTE

(Continued) Page 3

Email. Requesting a credit advance
from Borrowers Credit Line to be applied to Borrowers designated account via email. Except for transactions covered by the federal Electronic
Fund Transfers Act and unless otherwise agreed in Borrowers deposit account agreement, Borrower acknowledges and Borrower agrees that,
notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Related Document to the contrary, Lender does not accept responsibility for the
authenticity of email instructions and that Lender will not be liable for any loss, expense, or cost arising out of any email request,
including any fraudulent or unauthorized email request, when acting upon such instructions to be genuine.

If there is more
than one person authorized to use this Credit Line Account, Borrower agrees not to give Lender conflicting instructions, such as one Borrower
telling Lender not to give advances to the other.

30 Day Clean Up Period. Borrower
will be required to maintain a zero balance for thirty (30) consecutive days after the initial draw on the line. Any fees or costs charged
to the line at closing is not considered a draw on the line. 

Transaction Requirements. The following transaction
limitations will apply to the use of Borrowers Credit Line:

Telephone Request, Overdraft and Email Limitations. Transactions
are limited to one transaction per day for requesting an advance by telephone, overdrawing a designated deposit account or accessing by
other methods.

Limitation
on All Access Devices. Borrower may not use any access device, whether described above or added in the future, for any illegal or
unlawful transaction, and Lender may decline to authorize any transaction that Lender believes poses an undue risk of illegality or unlawfulness.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender may collect on any debt arising out of any illegal or unlawful transaction.

Liability
For Unauthorized Use. If Borrower notices the loss or theft of Borrowers debit card or a possible unauthorized use (as
defined below) of Borrowers card, Borrower should write to Lender immediately at Newtek Bank, National Association; Lake Success Office;
1981 Marcus Avenue, Suite 130; Lake Success, NY 11042 or call Lender at (212) 356-9000.

If the Credit Line is accessed through
an unauthorized use of an access method other than a debit card, Borrower may be liable for the unauthorized use in accordance with applicable
law and any other agreement Borrower has with Lender regarding liability for unauthorized use of the Credit Line.

Future Credit
Line Services. Borrowers application for this Credit Line also serves as a request to receive any new services (such as access devices)
which may be available at some future time as one of Lenders services in connection with this Credit Line. Borrower understands that
this request is voluntary and that Borrower may refuse any of these new services at the time they are offered. Borrower further understands
that the terms and conditions of this Agreement, together with any specific terms covering the new service, will govern any transactions
made pursuant to any of these new services.

Insurance. Borrower must obtain
insurance on the Property securing this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to Lender. Borrower may obtain property insurance through
any company of Borrowers choice that is reasonably satisfactory to Lender. Borrower has the option of providing any insurance required
under this Agreement through an existing policy or a policy independently obtained and paid for by Borrower, subject to Lenders right,
for reasonable cause before credit is extended, to decline any insurance provided by Borrower. Subject to applicable law, if Borrower
fails to obtain or maintain insurance as required in the security agreement, Lender may purchase insurance to protect Lenders own interest,
add the premium to Borrowers balance, declare the loan in default, or do any one or more of these things.

Loan No: 2732853 CREDIT
AGREEMENT & REVOLVING PROMISSORY NOTE

(Continued) Page 4

Right of Setoff. To the extent
permitted by applicable law, Lender reserves a right of setoff in all Borrowers accounts with Lender (whether checking, savings, or some
other account and whether evidenced by a certificate of deposit), including without limitation, all accounts Borrower may open in the
future. However, this does not include any IRA or Keogh accounts, or any trust accounts for which setoff would be prohibited by law. Borrower
authorizes Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to charge or setoff all sums owing on this Agreement against any and all
such accounts.

When Interest
Begins To Accrue. Interest on credit advances under Borrowers Credit Line will begin to accrue on the date of the credit advance.
There is no grace period which would allow Borrower to avoid paying interest on Borrowers Credit Line credit advances.

Method Used
to Determine the Balance on Which Interest Will Be Computed. The interest charge on the Credit Line Account is calculated by applying
the applicable Monthly Periodic Rate described below to the average daily balance of the Credit Line Account.
To get the average daily balance, Lender takes the beginning balance of Borrowers Credit Line Account each day, adds any new advances
and subtracts any payments or credits and any unpaid interest or other finance charges. This gives Lender a daily balance. Then, Lender
adds up all the daily balances for the statement cycle and divides the total by the number of days in the statement cycle. This gives
Lender the average daily balance.

Method of
Determining the Amount of Interest Charges. The interest charged to the Credit Line Account is determined by applying the applicable
Monthly Periodic Rate described below to the daily balance described herein multiplied by the number of days in the month.

Annual Percentage Rate. The
Annual Percentage Rate on Borrowers Credit Line is subject to change from time to time based on changes in an independent index which
is the rates as published by lender (the Index). The Annual Percentage Rate on Borrowers Credit Line is based upon the Index
as well as the margin described in the table below.

The Annual Percentage Rate on Borrowers
Credit Line Account will increase or decrease as the Index increases or decreases from time to time. If the Annual Percentage Rate increases,
it will have the effect disclosed in the Minimum Payment paragraph. To determine the Annual Percentage Rate for the Credit
Line Account, Lender adds the applicable margin described in the table below to the value of the Index. This result is the Annual Percentage
Rate. To determine the Monthly Periodic Rate, first the Annual Percentage Rate is divided by 360, then multiplied by 365, and then divided
by 12 (monthly). This result is the applicable Monthly Periodic Rate. This calculation method results in a higher effective interest
rate than the nominal rate stated in this Agreement. In no event will the Annual Percentage Rate be less than 6.070%, nor will the
Annual Percentage Rate exceed the maximum rate allowed by applicable law. Adjustments to the Annual Percentage Rate resulting from changes
in the Index will take effect fixed per annum rate calculated as the Newtek Bank 12-month CD rate. Today the Index is 4.060%, and therefore
the applicable Annual Percentage Rate and the corresponding Monthly Periodic Rate on Borrowers Credit Line Account are as stated below:

Current Rates for the Credit Line Account

Range of Balance or Conditions Margin Added

to Index Annual Percentage Rate Monthly Periodic

Rate 

All Balances 2.000 % 6.070 % 0.51286 %

Loan No: 2732853 CREDIT
AGREEMENT & REVOLVING PROMISSORY NOTE

(Continued) Page 5

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, Lender will not charge interest on any undisbursed loan proceeds.

Fees Imposed on the Credit Line. Borrower agrees
to pay the following fees:

Returned Items. Borrower may
be charged $35.00 if Borrower pays Borrowers Credit Line obligations with a check, draft, or other item that is dishonored for any reason,
unless applicable law requires a lower charge or prohibits any charge.

Late Charge. In addition to
Lenders rights upon default, Borrowers payment will be late if it is not received by Lender within 10 days after the Payment
Due Date shown on the voucher Borrower receives with each credit advance. If Borrowers payment is late Lender may charge Borrower
5.000% of the payment.

Additional Fees. The following
additional fees will be paid in cash or charged to Borrowers Credit Line (Financed):

Description Financed In Cash 

Search Fees/Tax Guard/Flood Search ($15.21 each) (capped at $500.00) $ 500.00 

Total: $ 500.00 

Definition of Voucher. A voucher
may be in the form of a monthly statement or similar periodic document provided by the Lender to Borrower, which shall show the due date
of the next payment due by Borrower under this Agreement (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, a voucher does not
require specific Payment Due Date language insofar as the due date is unambiguously displayed ).

Right to Credit Advances. Beginning
on the Opening Date, Lender will honor Borrowers requests for credit advances up to Borrowers Credit Limit so long as: (A) Borrower
is not in default under the terms of this Agreement; (B) this Agreement has not been terminated or suspended.

Default. Lender may declare
Borrower to be in default if any one or more of the following events occur: (A) Borrower fails to pay a Minimum Payment when due; (B)
an event of default occurs under the security agreement for the Property; (C) the Property is further encumbered in any way, voluntarily
or involuntarily; (D) Borrower makes any false or misleading statements on Borrowers Credit Line application; (E) Borrower violates any
provision of this Agreement or any other agreement with Lender; (F) any garnishment, attachment, or execution is issued against any material
asset owned by Borrower; (G) Borrower exceeds Borrowers Credit Limit; (H) Borrower files for bankruptcy or other insolvency relief, or
an involuntary petition under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code is filed against Borrower.

Additional Defaults. In addition
to the preceding paragraph and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Loan Agreement as defined below, Lender may declare Borrower
to be in default if any one or more of the following events occur: (a) Lender ceases to have a perfected first priority lien in any Property
or the Property is further encumbered (whether by lien, security interest, pledge, mortgage or otherwise) in any way, voluntarily or involuntarily;
(b) any material provision of this Agreement or any other Related Document shall for any reason cease to be valid and binding on, or enforceable
against, Borrower or any Guarantor, or Borrower or any Guarantor shall assert in writing or take any action to discontinue or to assert
the invalidity or unenforceability of any Related Documents; (c) there is any change in Borrowers financial condition which, in Lenders
determination in its sole discretion, has or would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers or any Guarantors
ability to satisfy its respective obligations under any Related Documents to which it is a party; or (d) if any event of default occurs
under any other Related Document, including without limitation the Business Loan Agreement or any security agreement executed in connection
with this Agreement.

Loan No: 2732853 CREDIT
AGREEMENT & REVOLVING PROMISSORY NOTE

(Continued) Page 6

Lenders Rights.
If Borrower is in default, Lender may terminate or suspend Borrowers Credit Line Account without prior notice. However, Lender will
notify Borrower in writing of Lenders action as soon as practicable.

Suspension. If Lender suspends
Borrowers Credit Line, Borrower will lose the right to obtain further credit advances. However, all other terms of this Agreement will
remain in effect and be binding upon Borrower, including Borrowers liability for any further unauthorized use of any Credit Line access
devices.

Termination.
If Lender terminates Borrowers Credit Line, Borrowers Credit Line will be suspended and the entire unpaid balance of Borrowers
Credit Line Account will be immediately due and payable, without prior notice except as may be required by law, an d Borrower agrees to
pay that amount plus all interest, fees and other amounts due under this Agreement.

Collection
Costs. Borrower agrees to pay all costs and expenses Lender incurs to collect this Agreement. This includes, subject to any limits
under applicable law, Lenders reasonable attorneys fees and Lenders legal expenses whether or not there is a lawsuit, including reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), and
appeals. If not prohibited by applicable law, Borrower also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law.

Rate Increase. In addition to
Lenders other rights on default, Lender may increase the variable Annual Percentage Rate under this Agreement to 5.000 percentage points
over the Annual Percentage Rate then in effect. The Annual Percentage Rate in default will not exceed the maximum rate permitted by applicable
law. If Lender does not increase the Annual Percentage Rate on default, it will continue at the variable Annual Percentage Rate in effect
as of the date Lender declares a default.

Delay in Enforcement.
Lender may delay or waive the enforcement of any of Lenders rights under this Agreement without losing that right or any other right.
If Lender delays or waives any of Lenders rights, Lender may enforce that right at any time in the future without advance notice. For
example, not terminating Borrowers account for non-payment will not be a waiver of Lenders right to terminate Borrowers account in
the future if Borrower has not paid.

Termination
by Borrower. If Borrower terminates this Agreement, Borrower must notify Lender in writing at the address shown on Borrowers periodic
statement or other designated address. Despite termination, Borrowers obligations under this Agreement will remain in full force and
effect until Borrower has paid Lender all amounts due under this Agreement.

Prepayment. Borrower
may prepay all or any amount owing under this Credit Line at any time without penalty, except Lender will be entitled to receive all
accrued interest, fees, and other charges, if any. Payments in excess of Borrowers Minimum Payment will not relieve Borrower of
Borrowers obligation to continue to make Borrowers Minimum Payments. Instead, they will reduce the principal balance owed on the
Credit Line. Borrower agrees not to send Lender payments marked paid in full, without recourse, or similar
language. If Borrower sends such a payment, Lender may accept it without losing any of Lenders rights under this Agreement, and
Borrower will remain obligated to pay any further amount owed to Lender. All written communications concerning disputed amounts,
including any check or other payment instrument that indicates that the payment constitutes payment in full of the
amount owed or that is tendered with other conditions or limitations or as full satisfaction of a disputed amount must be mailed or
delivered to: Newtek Bank, National Association, 1981 Marcus Avenue, Suite 130 Lake Success, NY 11042.

Loan No: 2732853 CREDIT
AGREEMENT & REVOLVING PROMISSORY NOTE

(Continued) Page 7

Notices. All notices will be
sent to Borrowers address as shown in Borrowers Credit Line application. Notices will be mailed to Borrower at a different address if
Borrower gives Lender written notice of a different address. Borrower agrees to advise Lender promptly if Borrower changes Borrowers
mailing address.

Credit Information and Related Matters.
Borrower agrees that everything that Borrower has stated in the application for this Agreement is correct to the best of Borrowers
knowledge. Borrower understands that Lender will retain the application whether or not credit is approved. Borrower is informed that Lender
may have requested a consumer report (credit report in connection with the application) and that, if Borrower asks Lender, Lender will
inform Borrower if such a report was requested and give Borrower the name and address of the consumer reporting agency that furnished
the report. Borrower is also informed that subsequent consumer reports may be requested, or used, in connection with any update, renewal
or extension of the credit applied for. Borrower authorizes Lender to obtain such reports, to check Borrowers employment history and
to answer questions about Lenders credit experience with Borrower. Borrower authorizes Lender to release information about Borrower to
third parties as described in Lenders privacy policy and Lenders Fair Credit Reporting Act notice, provided Borrower did not opt out
of the applicable policy, or as permitted by law. Based upon a material adverse change in Borrowers financial condition (such as termination
of employment or loss of income), Lender may suspend Borrowers Credit Line. Lender may require a new appraisal of the Property which
secures Borrowers Credit Line at any time, including an internal inspection, at Lenders sole option and expense.

Transfer or Assignment. Without
prior notice or approval from Borrower, Lender reserves the right to sell or transfer Borrowers Credit Line Account and Lenders rights
and obligations under this Agreement to another lender, entity, or person, and to assign Lenders rights under the security agreement.
Borrowers rights under this Agreement belong to Borrower only and may not be transferred or assigned. Borrowers obligations, however,
are binding on Borrowers heirs and legal representatives. Upon any such sale or transfer, Lender will have no further obligation to provide
Borrower with credit advances or to perform any other obligation under this Agreement.

Borrower Representations. Borrower
hereby represents and warrants to Lender the following:

Organization; Powers. Borrower
is a corporation or limited liability company duly organized or formed, and validly existing in its state of organization or formation.
Borrower is duly qualified or registered to transact business and is in good standing (i) in its state of organization or formation and
(ii) in each other jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such qualification
or registration necessary. Borrower has all requisite power and/or other authority to conduct its business, to own and lease its properties,
to execute and deliver this Agreement and each Related Document to which it is a party, to borrow hereunder, to grant a lien in the Property
to Lender, and to perform its obligations. under each Related Document to which it is a party.

(B) Authorization;
Enforceability. The execution, delivery, and performance by Borrower of this Agreement of any Related Documents to which it is a party
have been duly authorized by all necessary action. This Agreement and each Related Document to which Borrower is a party has been duly
executed and delivered by Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its
terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and
subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

(C) Compliance
with Agreements. The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of this Agreement and any Related Documents to which it is a
party have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational action, as applicable, and do not and will not: (i) require any consent
or approval of any person or entity unless such consent or approval has been obtained on or prior to the Opening Date; (ii) violate or
conflict with any provision of Borrowers organizational documents; or (iii) result in a breach by Borrower or constitute a default by
Borrower under, or cause or permit the acceleration of any obligation owed under, any indenture or loan or credit agreement or any other
contractual obligation to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower or any of its property is bound or affected.

Loan No: 2732853 CREDIT
AGREEMENT & REVOLVING PROMISSORY NOTE

(Continued) Page 8

Choice of Venue. Borrower agrees
that all actions or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, any other Related Document or any of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby shall be tried and litigated exclusively (a) in the state courts or federal courts located in Miami-Dade
County, State of Florida or (b) at the sole option of Lender any other court in which Lender shall initiate legal or equitable proceedings
and which has subject matter jurisdiction over the matter in controversy. Borrower hereby irrevocably waives any objection to the laying
of venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court and any claim that any such action or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient
forum. A final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction by suit on
the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. GRANTOR HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY RELATED DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER THEORY). GRANTOR CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT, OR ATTORNEY OF LENDER HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT LENDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER.

GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT LENDER HAS BEEN INDUCED TO
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION..

GOVERNING
LAW. This Agreement will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws
of State of Florida without regard to its conflict of law provisions. This Agreement has been accepted by Lender in the State of Florida.

Caption Headings. Caption headings
in this Agreement are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions of this Agreement.

Interpretation.
Borrower agrees that this Agreement, together with the security agreement, is the most reliable evidence of Borrowers agreements
with Lender. If a court finds that any provision of this Agreement is not valid or should not be enforced, that fact by itself will not
mean that the rest of this Agreement will not be valid or enforced. Therefore, a court may enforce the rest of the provisions of this
Agreement even if a provision of this Agreement may be found to be invalid or unenforceable. If Lender goes to court for any reason, Lender
can use a copy, filmed or electronic, of any periodic statement, this Agreement, the security agreement or any other document to prove
what Borrower owes Lender or that a transaction has taken place. The copy, microfilm, microfiche, or optical image will have the same
validity as the original. Borrower agrees that, except to the extent Borrower can show there is a billing error, Borrowers most current
periodic statement is the most reliable evidence of Borrowers obligation to pay.

Severability.
If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any person
or circumstance, that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other person or circumstance.
If feasible, the offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid and enforceable. If the offending provision
cannot be so modified, it shall be considered deleted from this Agreement. Unless otherwise required by law, the illegality, invalidity,
or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision
of this Agreement.

Loan No: 2732853 CREDIT
AGREEMENT & REVOLVING PROMISSORY NOTE

(Continued) Page 9

Acknowledgment
and Amendments. Borrower understands and agrees to the terms and conditions in this Agreement. Borrower acknowledges that, subject
to applicable laws, Lender has the right to change the terms and conditions of the Credit Line program, including without limitation,
the Margin. Borrower also understands and agrees that Borrower may be subject to other agreements with Lender regarding transfer instruments
or access devices which may access Borrowers Credit Line. Any person signing below may request a modification to this Agreement, and,
if granted, the modification will be binding upon all signers. By signing this Agreement, Borrower acknowledges that Borrower has read
this Agreement. Borrower also acknowledges receipt of a completed copy of this Agreement.

Electronic
Signature. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts
shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Any signature to this Agreement or any agreement or document in connection herewith
delivered by a party via telecopy transmission or other electronic means shall be deemed to be an original signature. The words execution,
execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures and the keeping
of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature
or the use of a paper- based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including
the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the Florida State Electronic Signatures Act, the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act as adopted in Florida or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

Business Loan
Agreement. All terms, provisions, conditions, and agreements set forth in the Business Loan Agreement dated as of the date of this
Agreement (the Loan Agreement) are hereby incorporated herein by reference with the same force and effect as though fully
set forth herein. This Agreement and the Loan Agreement are intended to be read together to avoid any conflicts (for instance, if there
are comparable terms in each agreement, both shall apply as if they supplement each other except to the extent they directly conflict).
In the event of any direct conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any other Related Document, the provisions of this Agreement
shall prevail but only to the extent necessary to eliminate such conflict. This Agreement is the Credit Agreement referenced
in any of the Related Documents, including without limitation the Loan Agreement.

Definitions. All capitalized
words shall have the meaning set forth in this Agreement or, if not defined herein, the respective meaning ascribed thereto in the Loan
Agreement, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. Any reference to Property shall mean Collateral as defined herein
(to the extent there are any conflicts in the definition of Collateral under any of the Related Agreements, they shall be
read together to give the term Collateral the broadest and most inclusive definition thereof). Any reference to the occurrence
of or date of maturity shall mean the Maturity Date.

BORROWER:

INTELLIGENT PROTECTION LLC 

INTELLIGENT PROTECTION MANAGEMENT CORP., Member of Intelligent Protection LLC

By: /s/ Jason Katz 

Jason Katz, Chief Executive Officer of Intelligent Protection Management Corp. 

INTELLIGENT PROTECTION MANAGEMENT CORP.

By: /s/ Jason Katz 

Jason Katz, Chief Executive Officer of Intelligent Protection Management Corp.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ipm-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ipm-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ipm-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38717

Entity Registrant Name INTELLIGENT PROTECTION MANAGEMENT CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001355839

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-3191847

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 30 Jericho Executive Plaza

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 400E

Entity Address, City or Town Jericho

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 11753

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 967-5120

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol IPM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ipm.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0238487-8k_intelligent.htm 
ipm-20250410.xsd 
ipm-20250410_lab.xml 
ipm-20250410_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-032588-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ea0238487-8k_intelligent_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001355839 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001355839 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
INTELLIGENT PROTECTION MANAGEMENT CORP. 
DE 
001-38717 
20-3191847 
30 Jericho Executive Plaza 
Suite 400E 
Jericho 
NY 
11753 
212 
967-5120 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
IPM 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>