<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-019250.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-019250.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228172514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-019250
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QVC Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001355096
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				841288730
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33982
		FILM NUMBER:		25692343

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12300 LIBERTY BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7208755400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12300 LIBERTY BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Qurate Retail, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180409

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Liberty Interactive Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110923

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY MEDIA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060512
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257914d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000135509600013550962025-02-272025-02-270001355096us-gaap:CommonClassAMember2025-02-272025-02-270001355096us-gaap:CommonClassBMember2025-02-272025-02-270001355096us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember2025-02-272025-02-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported):
February 27, 2025

QVC GROUP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

Delaware 001-33982 84-1288730

(State or other
jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

12300 Liberty Blvd.

Englewood, Colorado80112

(Address of principal executive offices
and zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (720) 875-5300

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name
of exchange on which registered

Series A Common Stock QVCGA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Series B Common Stock QVCGB The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

8.0% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

QVCGP 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

QVC Group, Inc. (formerly known as Qurate
Retail Inc., QVC Group) has executed a new employment agreement with David Rawlinson II, the President and Chief
Executive Officer of QVC Group, effective February 27, 2025 (the Employment Agreement). The Employment Agreement
provides for an initial term expiring December 31, 2027 (the Initial Term), which may be extended through December 31,
2028, if mutually agreed (together with the Initial Term, the Term).

The following description of Mr. Rawlinsons
Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Employment Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1
and incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02.

Base
Salary; Annual Cash Bonus. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Rawlinson will receive an annual base salary of $1.75
million, retroactive to January 1, 2025. Mr. Rawlinson will be eligible to receive an annual target cash bonus during each year
of the Term equal to 200% of his annual base salary, capped at 300% of his annual base salary each year.

Retention
Bonus. Mr. Rawlinson will receive a retention bonus of $2,250,000, which will be subject to repayment on a pro-rated,
after tax, basis in the event Mr. Rawlinson is terminated for Cause or terminates his employment without Good Reason (each as defined
in the Employment Agreement), in either case, prior to the end of the Initial Term.

Term
Restricted Stock Units. Subject to Mr. Rawlinsons continued employment through the date of grant, Mr. Rawlinson
will receive a grant of restricted stock units with respect to shares of QVC Groups Series A common stock (QVCGA)
with a grant date fair value equal to $6,000,000 (the Term Restricted Stock Units). The Term Restricted Stock Units
will vest in three equal tranches on each of December 10, 2025, December 10, 2026, and December 10, 2027, in each case,
subject to Mr. Rawlinson remaining employed by QVC Group or a subsidiary through the applicable vesting date.

Multiyear
Performance Award. Subject to Mr. Rawlinsons continued employment through the date of grant, Mr. Rawlinson
will receive a long-term cash award with a target grant date value equal to $15 million (the Performance Award),
which can be earned between 50% and 200% of the target value of $5,000,000 each year (referred to as tranche) for
three years, based on the QVCGA stock price as measured after earnings are released each year relative to the stock price as measured
after the prior years earnings are released and Mr. Rawlinson remaining employed by QVC Group or a subsidiary through the date the level of achievement of the applicable
performance metrics are determined for that tranche (each date, a determination date).

Restrictive
Covenants. Mr. Rawlinson is subject to certain restrictive covenants during and following his employment, including perpetual
confidentiality provisions and non-competition and non-interference provisions during his employment and for 18 months following the termination
of his employment for any reason and non-solicitation of employees provisions during his employment and for two years following the termination
of his employment for any reason.

Termination.
The Employment Agreement also provides that, in the event Mr. Rawlinson is terminated for Cause or terminates his employment without
Good Reason (each as defined in the Employment Agreement), he will be entitled only to his accrued base salary and any accrued vacation
through the date of termination, any unpaid expense reimbursements, any vested benefits owed in accordance with other applicable plans,
programs and arrangements of QVC Group and any amounts due under applicable law (the Standard Entitlements). In addition,
if Mr. Rawlinson terminates his employment without Good Reason, he will be entitled to any awarded but unpaid annual bonus for the
calendar year prior to the year in which the termination occurred (Prior Year Annual Bonus), subject to his execution
of a release and compliance with the restrictive covenants. In each case, he will also forfeit all rights to his unvested Performance
Award and unvested Term Restricted Stock Units.

If, however, Mr. Rawlinson is terminated
without Cause or if he terminates his employment for Good Reason, he will receive the Standard Entitlements and, subject to the execution
of a release and compliance with the restrictive covenants, 1.5 times the sum of his base compensation and his target annual bonus paid
in installments over 18 months as well as any Prior Year Annual Bonus. The vesting tranche of Mr. Rawlinsons Term Restricted
Stock Units that is scheduled to vest in the calendar year of his termination, to the extent not already vested, will vest. However, if
Mr. Rawlinsons termination occurs within 12 months following an approved transaction (as such term is defined in QVC Groups
2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan), his Term Restricted Stock Units will vest in full. The vesting tranche of Mr. Rawlinsons Performance
Award that would have been paid to Mr. Rawlinson had he remained employed through the first determination date following his termination
of employment will remain outstanding and eligible to be earned based on actual performance through the performance period. The vesting
of the portion of Mr. Rawlinsons Term Restricted Stock Units and Performance Award, as described herein, will be subject,
in any case, to his execution of a release and compliance with the restrictive covenants.

In the case of Mr. Rawlinsons death
or disability, the Employment Agreement provides for (i) payment of the Standard Entitlements, (ii) continued payment of his
base salary for one year and (iii) payment of any Prior Year Annual Bonus, subject, in the case of (ii) and (iii) to the
execution of a release and compliance with the restrictive covenants. In addition, any unvested Term Restricted Stock Units will vest
in full and, subject to Mr. Rawlinsons execution of a release, the vesting tranche of Mr. Rawlinsons Performance
Award that would have been paid to Mr. Rawlinson had he remained employed through the first determination date following his termination
of employment will remain outstanding and eligible to be earned based on actual performance through the performance period.

If Mr. Rawlinsons employment is terminated
at or following expiration of the Term, he will receive the Standard Entitlements and, except in the case of a termination for Cause,
and subject to the execution of a release and compliance with the restrictive covenants, Mr. Rawlinson will receive any Prior Year
Annual Bonus and the annual bonus for the calendar year in which the Term is scheduled to end and the last vesting tranche of his Performance
Award will remain outstanding and eligible to be earned based on actual performance through the performance period.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 28, 2025, the Company issued
a press release regarding the Employment Agreement.

This Item 7.01 and the press release attached
hereto as Exhibit 99.1 are being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission in satisfaction of the public disclosure requirements
of Regulation FD and shall not be deemed filed for any purpose.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, effective as of February 27, 2025, by and between David Rawlinson and QVC Group, Inc.

99.1 Press Release, dated February 28, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

Date: February 28, 2025

QVC GROUP, INC. 

By: /s/ Katherine C. Jewell

Name: Katherine C. Jewell

Title: Vice President and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257914d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution
Version

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement
(the Agreement) is dated as of February 27, 2025 (the Effective Date) by and between David
Rawlinson (Executive) and QVC Group, Inc. (formerly known as Qurate Retail, Inc.), a Delaware corporation
(collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, QVC Group).

RECITALS

A. QVC
Group has determined that it is in the best interests of QVC Group and its stockholders to continue to employ Executive as its President
and Chief Executive Officer.

B. QVC
Group wishes to assure itself of the services of Executive for the period hereinafter provided, and Executive is willing to be employed
by QVC Group for said period, upon the terms and conditions provided in this Agreement.

C. QVC
Group and Executive previously entered into an employment agreement effective as of July 12, 2021, as modified by that certain letter
agreement dated December 27, 2024 by and between QVC Group and Executive (the Prior Agreement).

D. QVC
Group and Executive jointly desire to enter into this Agreement, which shall replace and supersede the Prior Agreement in its entirety
as of the Effective Date.

In consideration of the mutual
promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are acknowledged, the parties,
intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

1. Duties
and Responsibilities.

A. Titles,
Duties and Reporting. Executive will continue to be employed as President and Chief Executive Officer of QVC Group, reporting to the
Board. Executive will have the authority and perform the duties and services of those positions, as well as perform any other duties and
services consistent with those positions as the Board may reasonably request. All employees of the operating companies in the QVC Group
will report to Executive or his designees, and no other employee of the operating companies in the QVC Group will have authority or responsibilities
that are equal to or greater than those of Executive. The Executive shall continue to serve as a member of the Board (as described below),
and if requested, as an officer or director of any subsidiary or affiliate of QVC Group, including as President and Chief Executive Officer
of QVC, Inc. (QVC) for no additional compensation.

B. Time
and Effort. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executives business time, attention and energy to the performance of
Executives duties and to the promotion of the business and interests of QVC Group. Executive shall also adhere to the general employee
policies of QVC. Nothing herein shall preclude Executive from, (i) serving on the boards of directors of for-profit public or private
corporations with the prior approval of the Board (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), (ii) serving on the boards
of a reasonable number of trade associations, not-for-profit corporations and/or charitable organizations, (iii) engaging in charitable
activities and community affairs, and (iv) managing his personal investments and affairs, provided that such activities do not materially
conflict or interfere with the effective discharge of his duties and responsibilities under this Section 1 or otherwise breach any
other covenants and obligations in this Agreement. The continued conduct by Executive of the activities listed on Exhibit A
is approved.

C. Board
Position. During the Term, the Board will nominate and recommend to the stockholders of QVC Group that Executive be elected to the
Board whenever Executive is scheduled to stand for election or stands for reelection to the Board at any of QVC Groups annual stockholder
meetings during the Term. Upon termination of the Executives employment by QVC Group for any reason or voluntarily by Executive
for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned, effective on the termination date from all positions that Executive holds
as an officer of QVC Group or any of its affiliated companies or as a member of the Board (or any committee thereof) and the boards of
directors (or any committees thereof) of any of its affiliated companies, in each case, unless otherwise requested by QVC Group.

2. Term.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on December 31, 2027 (the Initial
Term), unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with Section 7; provided that the Initial Term shall be
extended for an additional one (1)-year period (the Extension Term and, together with the Initial Term, if any, the
Term), if either party hereto gives notice to the other party of the desire to extend for the Extension Term not
more than seventy-five (75) days prior to or later than sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term and such notice of
intention to extend is not rejected by the other party within twenty (20) days of the receipt of such extension notice. If neither party
provides notice to the other party of the desire to extend for the Extension Term or the party to whom an extension notice is provided
rejects the extension, this Agreement and the Executives employment with QVC Group shall terminate automatically at the expiration
of the Initial Term. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Executive will be an at-will employee and Executive or
QVC Group may terminate Executives employment for any reason or no reason at all.

3. Place
of Performance. The principal place of Executives employment shall be the offices of QVC in West Chester, PA or at another
location mutually agreed from time to time; provided that, Executive will be required to travel for business purposes from time to time.

4. Compensation.

A. Base
Compensation. During the Term and effective retroactively to January 1, 2025, QVC Group will pay Executive an annualized salary
at the rate of One Million Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($1,750,000) (as increased from time to time, the Base
Compensation), which Base Compensation shall be paid in accordance with QVCs customary payroll practices. As soon as
reasonably practicable following the Effective Date, and on a regular payroll date, QVC Group will pay Executive the additional base salary
Executive would have received from January 1, 2025 until the Effective Date had the Base Compensation, and not Executives
annualized base salary in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date, been in effect during such period. The Board may review and
increase Executives Base Compensation any time for any reason, but Executives Base Compensation may not be decreased at
any time (including after any increase), and any increase in Executives Base Compensation will not reduce or limit any other obligation
to Executive under this Agreement.

2

B. Bonus
Compensation. Executive will be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus (the Annual Bonus) for each calendar
year ending during the Term. Executives target Annual Bonus each calendar year during the Term, beginning with the 2025 calendar
year, will equal 200% of Executives Base Compensation for the year and the maximum Annual Bonus for each such year will equal 300%
of Executives Base Compensation for the year, subject to satisfaction of the criteria established for such Annual Bonus as described
below. The Annual Bonus (i) will be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee)
in its sole discretion and (ii) will be based on such criteria as are approved in March of each year by the Compensation Committee
and communicated to Executive, which shall, unless otherwise agreed, comprise QVC Group revenue, free cash flow and OIBDA for the year
and strategic performance metrics, each of which shall (y) be weighted equally and (z) equal target performance at the level
budgeted for the year. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7, in order to be eligible to receive the Annual Bonus, Executive
must be employed by QVC Group on the last day of the applicable performance period. The Annual Bonus, if any, will be paid no later than
March 15 after the end of the applicable calendar year. For the avoidance of doubt, Executives target Annual Bonus for the
2025 calendar year will be equal to 200% of Executives Base Compensation as set forth in this Agreement (and not Executives
annualized base salary in effect prior to the Effective Date).

C. Retention
Bonus. QVC Group shall pay Executive a lump sum cash retention bonus of $2,250,000 (the Retention Bonus)
within thirty days following the Effective Date; provided that, upon Executives termination of employment by QVC Group for Cause
or upon Executives voluntary termination of employment with QVC Group without Good Reason, Executive shall repay to QVC Group a
pro-rata portion (based on the number of days (x) following the date of termination and through and including the last day of the
Initial Term over (y) 1,095) of the Retention Bonus (on an after-tax basis). QVC Group may offset any such amount owed by Executive
to QVC Group from other amounts owed by QVC Group to Executive in accordance with applicable law.

D. Multiyear
Restricted Stock Unit Grant. Subject to Executives continued employment through the date of grant, Executive will receive a
grant of restricted stock units with respect to QVCGA Common Stock with a grant date value equal to $6,000,000 (the Term
RSUs and together with the Performance Award set forth below, the Incentive Awards). Such grant will be
made pursuant to the form of restricted stock unit award agreement previously approved by the Compensation Committee attached hereto as
Exhibit B together with the schedule substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C and shall be made
on the date of the first regularly scheduled Compensation Committee meeting in 2025.

E. Multiyear
Performance Award. Subject to Executives continued employment through the date of grant, Executive will receive from QVC Group
a cash performance award with a target value equal to $15,000,000 (the Performance Award). Such grant will be made
pursuant to the form of performance cash award attached hereto as Exhibit D and shall be made on the date of the first regularly
scheduled Compensation Committee meeting in 2025.

3

F. Welfare,
Retirement and Fringe Benefits. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in the welfare, retirement and fringe
benefit programs then available to senior-level executives of QVC, including but not limited to medical, dental, hospitalization, disability
and life insurance plans, retirement plans or programs, in each case, that may be provided by QVC from time to time. Executives
participation in such plans will be on terms at least as favorable as provided to other senior-level executives of QVC, provided that
Executive will continue to not be eligible to participate in any plans or programs that were frozen or not open to new participants as
of July 12, 2021.

G. Expense
Reimbursement. QVC Group shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses that Executive actually
incurs in the performance of Executives duties during the Term, in accordance with QVCs policies in effect from time to
time and on terms at least as favorable as provided to other senior-level executives of QVC. QVC Group will reimburse Executive for up
to $15,000 in reasonable legal fees incurred by Executive in entering into this Agreement. QVC Group will also reimburse Executive for
up to $15,000 in reasonable tax preparation and financial and accounting advice fees incurred by Executive during the Term.

H. Withholding.
All payments made or made available to Executive pursuant to this Agreement will be made net of any amounts that QVC Group is required
to deduct or withhold pursuant to any foreign, federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations.

5. Restrictions.

A. Other
Work: Except as otherwise provided in Section 1, Executive shall not perform any work for, or render services to, any person,
firm or company other than QVC Group, unless done pursuant to his duties hereunder or approved in advance in writing by QVC Group.

B. Gifts/Samples:
Executive shall comply with any applicable QVC policy governing gifts and/or samples. In the absence of such policy, Executive shall promptly
report in writing to the Chief Compliance Officer of QVC all gifts, services or consideration Executive receives from a third party which
is connected with QVC Groups business in any way. The determination as to such gifts, services or considerations shall be made
in accordance with QVC Groups business conduct policies and the QVC Group Code of Conduct. In addition, all samples which Executive
receives from QVC Group vendors or prospective vendors must be returned to the vendor or given to QVC Group after Executive has completed
Executives evaluation of a product, unless such sample is consumed or otherwise depleted during the course of Executives
evaluation. All samples Executive receives from QVC Group vendors or prospective vendors which are not (i) given to QVC Group or
returned to the vendor or (ii) consumed or otherwise depleted in connection with Executives evaluation of the product within
ninety (90) days after Executives receipt of the product must be promptly reported in writing to the Chief Compliance Officer of
QVC. QVC Group may return to a vendor samples it receives from Executive or QVC Group may dispose of such samples as it determines in
its discretion.

4

C. Confidential
Information:

(i) Throughout
Executives employment or service with QVC Group, Executive has acquired, received and/or developed, and will continue to acquire,
receive, and/or develop, Confidential Information (as defined below) in the course of performing Executives job duties or services.
Executive will not, during or after any such period, including Executives employment or service with QVC Group , without the prior
express written consent of QVC Group, directly or indirectly use or divulge, disclose or make available or accessible any Confidential
Information to any person, firm, partnership, corporation, trust or any other entity or third party other than when required to do so
in good faith to perform Executives duties and responsibilities to QVC Group and provided that nothing herein shall be interpreted
as preventing Executive from (a) doing so when required to do so by a lawful order of a court of competent jurisdiction, any governmental
authority or agency, or any recognized subpoena power, (b) doing so when necessary to prosecute Executives rights against
QVC Group or to defend Executive against any allegations, or (c) communicating with, filing a charge with, reporting possible violations
of federal law or regulation to, or participating in an investigation or proceeding conducted by, a government agency, including providing
documents or other information to such agency without notice to QVC Group. Executive will also proffer to QVC Group any time upon request,
or upon termination, to be provided no later than the effective date of any termination of Executives employment or engagement
with QVC Group for any reason, and without retaining any copies, notes or excerpts thereof, all memoranda, computer drives or other media,
computer programs, diaries, notes, records, data, customer or client lists, marketing plans and strategies, and any other documents consisting
of or containing Confidential Information that are in Executives actual or constructive possession or which are subject to Executives
control at such time (other than contracts between Executive and QVC Group, pay stubs, benefits information, Executives personal
phone number and copies of contact information, historical calendar entries and documents or information that Executive requires in order
to prepare Executives taxes). At the time of termination or otherwise upon request by QVC Group, Executive agrees to permanently
delete Confidential Information from all of Executives personal electronic devices (subject to the qualifications in the prior
parenthetical) and provide certification to QVC Group that Executive is in compliance with this sentence. For purposes of this Agreement,
Confidential Information will mean all information respecting the business and activities of QVC Group, including, without
limitation, the clients, customers, suppliers, employees, consultants, computer or other files, projects, products, computer drives or
other media, computer hardware or computer software programs, marketing plans, financial information, methodologies, know-how, processes,
practices, approaches, projections, forecasts, formats, systems, trade secrets, data gathering methods and/or strategies. Notwithstanding
the immediately preceding sentence, Confidential Information will not include any information that is, or becomes, generally available
to the public (unless such availability occurs as a result of Executives breach of any of Executives obligations under this
Section 5.C). If Executive is in breach of any of the provisions of this Section 5.C or if any such breach is threatened by
Executive, in addition to and without limiting or waiving any other rights or remedies available to QVC Group at law or in equity, QVC
Group shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief in any court, domestic or foreign, having the capacity to grant such relief, without
the necessity of posting a bond, to restrain any such breach or threatened breach and to enforce the provisions of this Section 5.C.
Executive agrees that there is no adequate remedy at law for any such breach or threatened breach and, if any action or proceeding is
brought seeking injunctive relief, Executive will not use as a defense thereto that there is an adequate remedy at law.

5

(ii) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Agreement, pursuant to 18 USC 1833(b), an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable
under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (a) solely for the purpose of reporting
or investigating a suspected violation of law and in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official (either directly or
indirectly) or to an attorney; or (b) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is
made under seal. Further, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law
may disclose the trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in a court proceeding, so long as the individual
(I) files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and (II) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant
to court order. And further, nothing herein shall limit the Executives ability to (i) provide truthful information, cause
information to be provided, or otherwise assist in an investigation regarding any conduct which the Executive reasonably believes constitutes
a violation of 18 U.S.C. sections 1341, 1343, 1344, or 1348, any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or
any provision of Federal law relating to fraud against shareholders, when the information or assistance is provided to or the investigation
is conducted by a Federal regulatory or law enforcement agency, any Member of Congress or any committee of Congress, or a person with
supervisory authority over the Executive (or such other QVC employee who has the authority to investigate, discover, or terminate misconduct);
or (ii) file, cause to be filed, testify, participate in, or otherwise assist in a proceeding filed or about to be filed relating
to an alleged violation of any of the foregoing.

D. Non-Competition/Non-Solicitation:

(i) For
purposes of this subparagraph, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

(a) The
term General Merchandise shall mean consumer products for retail sale to a mass market or general audience,
including but not limited to, products from one or more of the following product categories: personal electronics, fashion apparel, fashion
accessories, beauty, fine and costume jewelry, kitchen appliances and cookware items, childrens toys and play objects, home decorating
items, and household and garden products; and

(b) The
term Live Video Retailing shall mean the offering of General Merchandise by any person, firm or entity through
live video presentation (including, for the avoidance of doubt, live videos made available as recordings for re-viewing), whether transmitted
by television, internet, computer, mobile or tablet device or other audiovisual or electronic means.

(ii) In
consideration of Executives employment by QVC Group, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, Executive agrees that for so long
as Executive is employed by QVC Group (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) and for a period of eighteen (18) months (or,
in the case of Section 5.D.(ii)(b), two years) after Executives last day of employment with QVC Group (whether pursuant to
this Agreement or otherwise), Executive shall not, directly or indirectly:

6

(a) without
the prior written consent of QVC Group, within the United States and elsewhere where QVC Group conducts its business, become employed
by, or render services to, any person, firm or entity, whether as a principal, partner, officer, director, agent, employee, representative,
consultant, independent contractor or otherwise, that engages in Live Video Retailing where, at any point during the 12-month period prior
to Executives last day of employment and the 18-month period following the Executives last day of employment, such person,
firm or entity (together with those of its subsidiaries and affiliates, in the aggregate) has or is expected to have a material portion
of the gross revenue of such person, firm or entity, directly or indirectly derived from Live Video Retailing; and/or

(b) solicit,
induce or attempt to induce any employee of QVC Group to leave the employ of QVC Group or assist any other person or entity in doing so;
and/or

(c) solicit,
induce or attempt to induce any person or entity to terminate or reduce its business relationship with (or refrain from increasing its
business relationship or entering into a new business relationship with) QVC Group or otherwise interfere with the business relationship
between QVC Group, on the one hand, and any person or entity, on the other hand.

E. Codes
of Conduct. Executive agrees to abide by the Code of Conduct and business conduct policies of QVC Group.

F. Damages.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the services to be rendered by Executive
to QVC Group are of a special and unique character, that the nature of Executives positions gives Executive access to and knowledge
of the Confidential Information, and that the restrictive covenants in this Section 5 are reasonable and reasonably necessary to
protect the legitimate business interests of QVC Group. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Executive of the provisions of
this Section 5, Executive hereby consents and agrees that money damages would not reasonably or adequately compensate QVC Group and
that, in addition to any other rights or remedies which QVC Group may possess, QVC Group shall be entitled to seek a temporary or permanent
injunction or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach in any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity
of showing actual damages.

6. Proceeds
of Executives Services/Use of Executives Image.

A. Executive
acknowledges and agrees that any and all proceeds of all services provided to QVC Group and any and all works created or produced by Executive
for QVC Group (collectively referred to herein as the Works) are being prepared by and for, and at the instigation and under
the direction of, QVC Group and that the Works are and at all times shall be regarded as work made for hire as that term
is used in the United States copyright laws, and that all copyrights in and to the Works belong to QVC Group as work made for hire.
Without limiting the preceding sentence, and by this Agreement, Executive assigns, grants and delivers, exclusively unto QVC Group, its
legal representatives, successors and assigns, all right, title and interest of every kind and nature whatsoever in and to the Works,
and all copies, versions, derivatives, processes, systems, products and proceeds thereof, or resulting therefrom, including any copyrights
in any country. Executive agrees to execute such further assignments, documents and instruments and to take such further actions as may
be reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of this Section 6.A., including, without limitation, executing further
assignments to QVC Group and its affiliated companies, as reasonably directed by QVC Group from time to time.

7

B. Executive
also grants QVC Group the use of Executives performances and pictures for advertising, public displays, promotion and all other
legal presentations including, without limitation, the above-mentioned uses. After the Term of this Agreement, QVC Group will not make
use of Executives performances and pictures in a manner in which Executive is the subject of the advertising, public displays,
promotion and other presentations except with respect to any of the foregoing that were created during the Term. Executive releases QVC
Group, its successors and assigns, from all liability to the extent resulting from the use of Executives own performance or picture.

7. Termination.
During the Term, Executives employment may be terminated by QVC Group for Cause (as defined in Section 7.B.) without advance
notice or by QVC Group without Cause by giving 30 days advance written notice to Executive of QVC Groups intent to terminate
Executives employment. Executives employment shall immediately terminate upon Executives death or Disability (as
defined in Section 7.A). During the Term, Executive may voluntarily terminate Executives employment with QVC Group without
Good Reason by giving 30 days advance written notice to QVC Group of Executives intent to so terminate; provided, however,
that QVC Group may waive any portion of such notice period. During the Term, Executive may terminate Executives employment with
QVC Group for Good Reason as described in Section 7.C.(ii). On any termination of employment, except as otherwise provided in Section 7.E.,
the impact on Executives Incentive Awards will be as specified in the applicable award agreement, including any accompanying schedules.
Except as described in the foregoing sentence or as provided in this Section 7, on termination of Executives employment, Executive
shall be entitled to only the compensation and benefits described in this Section 7 and shall have no further rights to any compensation
or any other benefits from QVC Group, and QVC Group will have any further liability or obligation to Executive. Payment of the benefits
described in this Section 7 will be subject to the timing requirements set forth in Section 19.

A. Termination
for Death or Disability.

(i) Upon
termination of Executives employment for Executives death or Disability (as defined in clause (ii) below) prior to
the expiration of the Term, QVC Group shall pay Executive, or Executives designated beneficiary or estate, as the case may be,
(a) Executives Base Compensation and any accrued vacation through the date of termination; (b) the amount of any reimbursable
expenses incurred by Executive in accordance with Section 4.G prior to the date of termination but not yet reimbursed; (c) vested
benefits, if any, owed to Executive in accordance with other applicable plans, programs and arrangements of QVC Group; and (d) any
other amounts that QVC Group is required pursuant to applicable law to pay Executive (the amounts referenced in clauses (a), (b), (c) and
(d) are referred to in this Agreement as the Standard Entitlements), and, subject to Section 7.G
and Section 7.H, (e) Executives then current Base Compensation in accordance with QVCs customary payroll practices
for a period of one year after such payments commence under this Agreement (the Base Compensation Continuing Payments)
and (f) any declared but unpaid Annual Bonus for the calendar year prior to the year in which the termination occurs, payable at
the time that it would have been paid if no termination of employment had occurred (the Prior Year Annual Bonus).

8

(ii) For
purposes of this Agreement, Disability means Executives inability to perform his duties because of
physical or mental incapacity for a period of 180 consecutive days and, within 30 days after a notice of termination is given to Executive,
Executive has not returned to work. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive will not be considered to have suffered a Disability unless
he is also disabled as such term is defined under Section 409A(a)(2)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code.

B. Termination
for Cause.

(i) Upon
a termination of Executives employment for Cause (as defined in clause (ii) below) prior to the expiration of the Term, QVC
Group shall pay Executive the Standard Entitlements.

(ii) Cause
shall be (a) if Executive commits a material breach of this Agreement, including but not limited to a willful failure to perform
Executives duties (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness); (b) Executives
engagement in illegal conduct or misconduct, which, in each case, is materially injurious to QVC Group; (c) if Executive commits
fraud or embezzlement or other serious misconduct against QVC Group, including, without limitation, a serious or material violation of
the Code of Conduct and business conduct policies of QVC Group, (d) the conviction of, or plea or nolo contedere by, Executive of
any felony under or within the meaning of United States federal law or state law, or (e) the conviction of Executive of a misdemeanor
which conviction relates to Executives suitability for employment in Executives then current position but excluding any
conviction for a minor traffic violation; provided, that, Cause will not be deemed to exist unless QVC Group gives Executive notice within
60 days following the knowledge of the Board of the occurrence of the event which the Board believes constitutes the basis for Cause,
specifying the particular act or failure to act which QVC Group believes constitutes the basis for Cause and, with respect to clauses
(a) and (c) of the definition of Cause, if such act or failure is capable of being cured, a reasonable opportunity of 30 days
to cure such act or failure to act. For purposes of the definition of Cause no act or omission will be willful unless it
is made by Executive in bad faith or without a reasonable belief that the act or omission was in the best interests of QVC Group and an
act or omission by Executive based on the written advice of counsel for QVC Group or on the written instruction of the Board will be deemed
made in good faith and in the best interests of QVC Group.

C. Termination
by Executive For Good Reason or by QVC Group Without Cause.

(i) Upon
termination of Executives employment by QVC Group prior to the expiration of the Term other than for death, Disability or Cause,
or upon the termination of Executives employment by Executive prior to the expiration of the Term for Good Reason (collectively,
a Protected Termination), QVC Group shall pay Executive (a) the Standard Entitlements, and, subject to Section 7.G
and Section 7.H, (b) one-and-a-half times (1.5x) the sum of Executives then-current Base Compensation and then-current
target Annual Bonus paid in equal installments in accordance with QVCs customary payroll practices for a period of eighteen (18)
months after such payments commence under this Agreement (the Severance Payments) and (c) any Prior Year Annual
Bonus.

9

(ii) For
purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall be an action by QVC Group (a) that results in a material
diminution or material adverse change in Executives title, authority, duties or responsibilities including but not limited to (I) failure
to provide the authority contemplated in Section 1, (II) assignment to Executive of duties materially inconsistent with Executives
duties as described in Section 1 or that materially impair his ability to carry out those duties and (III) failure to nominate
and recommend Executive for reelection to the Board, in each case in accordance with Section 1; (b) that requires Executive
to be based at any office or location other than as provided for in Section 3, (c) that results in a reduction in Executives
(I) then current Base Compensation (other than as part of an across-the-board salary reduction that applies in the same manner to
all senior-level executives of QVC Group) or (II) eligibility to receive an Annual Bonus with a target of 200% of Base Compensation
and maximum of 300% (it being acknowledged that the Board has no obligation to actually award any Annual Bonus); (d) that results
in a material change in the reporting structure applicable to Executive as provided in Section 1; (e) that results in a breach
by QVC Group of any material provision of this Agreement; (f) that results in the failure of QVC Group to obtain, within a reasonable
period of time after Executives written request, the assumption in writing of its obligation to perform this Agreement by any successor
to all or substantially all of the assets of QVC Group; or (g) that results in Executive not being granted during the Term all or
any part of the Incentive Awards to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement. Good Reason will not be deemed to exist unless Executive
gives QVC Group notice within 60 days following Executives knowledge of the occurrence of the event which Executive believes constitutes
the basis for Good Reason, specifying the particular act or failure to act which Executive believes constitutes the basis for Good Reason
and provides QVC Group with a reasonable opportunity of at least 30 days to cure such act or failure to act, and if not cured within such
period, Executive terminates employment at the end of such 30-day period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that QVC Group reasonably
believes that Executive may have engaged in conduct that could constitute a Cause violation hereunder, QVC Group may, in its reasonable
discretion, suspend Executive from performing Executives duties hereunder for a period of up to 30 days, and such suspension shall
not constitute an event pursuant to which Executive may terminate employment for Good Reason or otherwise constitute a breach hereunder;
provided, that no such suspension shall alter QVC Groups economic obligations under this Agreement during such period of suspension.

D. Voluntary
Termination. Upon a voluntary termination by Executive of his employment prior to expiration of the Term (other than a termination
for Good Reason), QVC Group shall pay Executive (i) the Standard Entitlements; and, subject to Section 7.G and Section 7.H,
(ii) any Prior Year Annual Bonus.

E. Termination
At or Following Expiration of the Term. Upon a termination of Executives employment by Executive or QVC Group at or following
expiration of the Term for any reason, QVC Group shall pay Executive (a) the Standard Entitlements; and (b) except in the case
of termination by QVC Group for Cause, subject to Section 7.G and Section 7.H, any Prior Year Annual Bonus. For the avoidance
of doubt, if Executives employment ends on the last day of the Term (including, for the avoidance of doubt, following either partys
rejection of an offer to extend for the Extension Term), Executive will also be eligible to receive (x) the Annual Bonus he would
have received for the calendar year in which the Term is scheduled to end and (y) the last Tranche of the Performance Award will
remain outstanding and eligible to vest, as if Executive had remained employed by the QVC Group. For clarity, in no event will the termination
of Executives employment by QVC Group or by Executive on the last day of the Term or thereafter constitute a termination without
Cause by QVC Group or by Executive for Good Reason, nor will any termination of Executives employment at or following expiration
of the Term as a result of Executives death or Disability be governed by Section 7.A.

10

F. Waiver
of Payments. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the amounts, if any, which may be payable under this Section 7 are in lieu
of and not in addition to any severance payments which may be generally available to employees of QVC Group and Executive hereby waives
any right Executive may have in or to any severance payments not contained in this Section 7.

G. General
Release. If Executives employment hereunder is terminated pursuant to Section 7.A., Section 7.C, Section 7.D
or Section 7.E, the payment by QVC Group to Executive of any Base Compensation Continuing Payments, Severance Payments, or Prior
Year Annual Bonus, as applicable under the applicable Section, shall be subject to the execution and delivery to QVC Group by Executive
(or by Executives legal representative, if applicable), within the applicable time period described below, of a severance agreement
and general release (the Release) substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E, with
such updates as are necessary or appropriate given legal developments and requirements. Executive shall have a period of 21 days (or,
if required by applicable law, a period of 45 days) from Executives (or Executives legal representative, if applicable)
receipt of the form of Release (the Consideration Period) in which to execute and return the original, signed Release
to QVC Group. If Executive delivers the original, signed Release to QVC Group prior to the expiration of the Consideration Period and
does not thereafter revoke such Release within any period of time provided for such revocation under applicable law, Executive shall,
subject to Section 7.H., be entitled to any Base Compensation Continuing Payments, Severance Payments, and Prior Year Annual Bonus
specified in Section 7.A., Section 7.C., Section 7.D. or Section 7.E., as applicable, payable in accordance with the
timing requirements set forth in Section 19. In such event, an amount equal to one-twelfth of the aggregate Base Compensation Continuing
Payments or Severance Payments, as applicable, shall constitute consideration for Executives delivery of the Release pursuant to
this Section 7.G. (the Release Consideration).

H. Continued
Compliance. Executive and QVC Group hereby acknowledge that any Base Compensation Continuing Payments, Severance Payments, or Prior
Year Annual Bonus to be made by QVC Group pursuant to Section 7.A., Section 7.C., Section 7.D. or Section 7.E., as
applicable, other than the Release Consideration, are part of the consideration for Executives undertakings under Section 5.D.
Payment of such amounts by QVC Group is subject to Executives continued compliance with the provisions of Section 5.C and
Section 5.D. If Executive violates any provision of Section 5.C or Section 5.D, then QVC Group will have no obligation
to pay Executive any Base Compensation Continuing Payments, Severance Payments, or Prior Year Annual Bonus pursuant to Section 7.A.,
Section 7.C., Section 7.D., or Section 7.E., as applicable, to the extent any or all of the same remain payable by QVC
Group on or after the date of such violation, except to the extent of any unpaid Release Consideration. In addition, to the extent any
such payment was previously made to Executive, Executive will return a pro rata portion of such payment to QVC Group based on the percentage
of the time period applicable to the Section 5.D. restriction that was breached that elapsed prior to Executive breaching such restriction
(e.g., if the restriction that was breached was to continue for one year following Executives termination and six months of such
restrictive time period remained at the time Executive breached such restriction, Executive would return 50% of the applicable payment
to QVC Group).

11

I. Cooperation.
QVC Group and Executive agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved may necessitate Executives cooperation
in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of Executives employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably requested
by the QVC Group, Executive shall cooperate with QVC Group in connection with matters arising out of Executives service to QVC
Group; provided that, QVC Group shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of Executives other activities and Executive
shall have no obligation to act against his own interests. QVC Group shall reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses (including reasonable
expenses of counsel) incurred in connection with such cooperation.

8. Severability
and Survival.

(i) Should
any portion of this Agreement be held to be void, invalid or unenforceable, such decision shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of the remainder of this Agreement, and the remaining provisions herein shall be effective as though such invalid or unenforceable provision
had not been included herein. If such invalidity or unenforceability is caused by the length of any period of time, the geographic scope
of any provision, or the breadth of activities covered by any provision, then the period of time, geographic scope or breadth of activities,
or all of them, shall be reduced to the extent necessary to cure such invalidity or unenforceability. Section 5.D. shall be construed
and enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law.

(ii) The
provisions of Sections 5.C., 5.D., 5.F., 6, 7, 13, 17 and 19 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

9. Notices.
Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be sufficient, if in writing and if delivered by hand or sent
by overnight courier service or by registered, overnight or certified mail, if to Executive, to Executives last known address listed
in the records of QVC Group (with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to Sullivan & Cromwell, LLP, 125 Broad Street, NYC,
NY, 10004, attention: Marc Trevino), and if to QVC Group, to the Chief Legal Officer at QVC Groups principal office. Notices shall
be effective upon receipt.

10. Assignment.
This Agreement is personal in its nature and neither of the parties hereto will, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer
this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder; provided, however, that in the event of a merger, consolidation, corporate restructuring,
spin-off, split-off or transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of QVC Group to any other individual(s) or entity,
this Agreement will, subject to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall
discharge and perform all the promises, covenants, duties, and obligations of QVC Group hereunder, and promptly after a request by Executive,
such transferee or successor shall be required to assume such obligations by contract (unless such assumption occurs by operation of law).
No rights or obligations of Executive under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by Executive, without QVC Groups prior
written consent, other than his rights to compensation and benefits, which may be transferred only by will or operation of law; provided,
however, that to the extent Executive is permitted to do so under any applicable plan, policy, program, agreement, or other arrangement
with QVC Group or any of its affiliates, Executive shall be entitled to select and change a beneficiary or beneficiaries designated by
Executive to receive any compensation, entitlement or benefit payable thereunder following Executives death by his giving QVC Group
written notice thereof.

12

11. Waiver.
Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement will operate
as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise
of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor will any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect
to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver will
be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver.

12. Headings/Section References.
The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement or give full notice thereof. Unless otherwise specified, all Section references in this Agreement are to the applicable
Section of this Agreement.

13. Applicable
Law. This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed under the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania exclusive of choice
of laws principles and Executive and QVC Group hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, Chester County and the United States Federal Courts for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania in all matters arising hereunder.
By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of the parties irrevocably waives any objection, including any objection to the laying
of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens or lack of personal jurisdiction, which it may now or hereafter have to the bringing
of any action or proceeding in such courts in respect of this Agreement or the matters contemplated hereby.

14. Arbitration.
Except as provided in Section 5, any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or related to this Agreement, the Executives
employment with, or termination of employment from, QVC Group, shall be submitted to and decided by binding arbitration. Arbitration shall
be administered exclusively by JAMS in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules & Procedures of JAMS then in effect and
subject to JAMS Policy on Employment Arbitration Minimum Standards, as modified by this Section 14. The arbitrator shall adopt as
his or her final decision the position of one party or the other, based on that partys final written submission and shall not have
the authority to modify either partys position or render any substantive decision other than to so select the position of either
party as set forth in its respective written submission. Each party shall bear its own costs in any arbitration unless the arbitrator
otherwise determines. Any arbitral award determination shall be final and binding upon the parties and judgment on the award rendered
by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

13

15. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any
and all prior written agreements and prior or contemporaneous oral agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof, including the
Prior Agreement, excluding any award agreement in respect of equity-based or incentive awards that are outstanding as of the Effective
Date. This Agreement shall not be changed or altered, except by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of
any waiver, change, modification, extension or discharge is sought. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement
and the terms of any other QVC Group plan, policy, arrangement or agreement with Executive, the provisions of this Agreement will govern.

16. No
Restrictions on Employment; Contingency.

A. Representations
and Warranties. To induce QVC Group to enter into this Agreement, Executive represents, warrants and covenants to QVC Group as follows:

(i) Executive
has the full and complete ability and authority to enter into this Agreement and render services pursuant hereto and Executive is not
subject to any legal, contractual or other restriction on Executives employment which would impair or otherwise restrict Executives
ability to perform the services to QVC Group hereunder; and

(ii) Executive
has not disclosed to QVC Group any confidential information or trade secrets of any third party, nor will Executive disclose to QVC Group
any confidential information or trade secrets of a third party where such disclosure would violate the terms of any agreement or otherwise
breach any duty Executive may have to any such third party.

(iii) Executive
has disclosed to QVC Group any matters arising out of his prior employment where such matters reasonably would be expected to be material
to QVC Groups decision to enter into this Agreement.

17. Indemnification
of Executive.

A. During
the Term and thereafter, QVC Group agrees to indemnify and hold Executive and his heirs and representatives harmless, to the fullest extent
permitted under QVC Groups Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws or, if greater, under applicable law, against any and all damages,
costs, liabilities, losses and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) as a result of any claim or proceeding, or threatened
claim or proceeding, against Executive that arises out of or relates to his service as an officer, director or employee, as the case may
be, of QVC Group, or his service in any such capacity or similar capacity with an affiliate of QVC Group or other entity at the request
of QVC Group, both prior to and after the first day of the Term, and to advance to Executive or his heirs or representatives such expenses
upon written request. In the event QVC Group advances any expenses to Executive pursuant to this Section 17 and it is finally determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction that Executive is not entitled to indemnification by QVC Group, Executive shall promptly refund all
amounts advanced to Executive by QVC Group.

B. To
the extent QVC Group maintains a policy of directors and officers liability insurance during the Term, then QVC Group shall
provide Executive with coverage under such policy on a basis no less favorable than that applying to any other then current or former
director or officer.

14

18. QVC
Groups Representations. QVC Group represents and warrants that (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
by QVC Group has been fully and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action, (ii) the officer signing this Agreement on
behalf of QVC Group is duly authorized to do so, and (iii) upon execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, it
will be a valid and binding obligation of QVC Group enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally.

19. Compliance
with 409A.

A. The
provisions of this Agreement are intended to meet the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, any Treasury regulations
promulgated thereunder and any guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service relating thereto (collectively, Section 409A),
and will be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with such intent. The parties intend that, to the maximum extent possible, any
amounts paid as Base Compensation Continuing Payments, Severance Payments, or Prior Year Annual Bonus or otherwise shall qualify as a
short-term deferral pursuant to Section 409A or as separation pay exempt from Section 409A. To the extent that any payment provided
under this Agreement is not exempt from Section 409A then, to the extent required by Section 409A, the following will apply:
Any payment that is triggered upon Executives termination of employment will be conditioned upon the triggering termination constituting
a Separation from Service, as defined below.

B. With
respect to any amount that becomes payable to Executive upon his Separation from Service, as defined below, for any reason, if QVC Group
determines in good faith that Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A then, to the extent
required under Section 409A, payment of any amount that becomes payable to Executive upon his Separation from Service (other than
by reason of his death) and that otherwise would be payable during the six-month period following such Separation from Service will be
suspended until the lapse of such six-month period (or, if earlier, the date of Executives death). Any payment suspended under
this provision, unadjusted for interest on such suspended payment, will be paid to Executive in a single payment on the first business
day following the end of such six-month period or, if earlier, within 30 days following Executives death, provided that such death
during such six-month period will not cause the acceleration of any amount that otherwise would be payable on any date during such six-month
period following the date of such death.

C. A
Separation from Service means Executives separation from service, as defined in Section 409A, with QVC Group
and all other entities with which QVC Group would be considered a single employer under Internal Revenue Code Section 414(b) or
(c), applying the 80% threshold used in such Internal Revenue Code Sections or any Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.

D. Any
payment that is contingent upon the execution and nonrevocation of the Release required under Section 7.G., which is not suspended
by the application of the provisions applicable to specified employees, as described above, will be paid or commence to be paid on the
first regularly scheduled payroll date of QVC Group occurring after the 60th day following Executives Separation from
Service, notwithstanding any earlier expiration of the Consideration Period.

15

E. Unless
otherwise permitted under Section 409A, all in-kind benefits, expenses or other reimbursements paid pursuant to this Agreement that
are taxable income to Executive (i) will be paid no later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which
Executive incurs such expense; (ii) will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit; and (iii) the amount
of expenses eligible for reimbursements or in-kind benefits provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for
reimbursement or in-kind benefits to be provided in any other taxable year.

F. For
purposes of Section 409A, the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series
of separate payments.

G. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, QVC Group makes no representations that the payments or benefits pursuant to this Agreement shall be exempt from or comply
with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying. If any such payment or benefit fails to meet
the requirements of Section 409A, neither QVC Group nor any of its affiliated companies shall have any liability for any tax, penalty
or interest imposed on Executive by Section 409A, and Executive shall have no recourse against QVC Group or any affiliated company
for payment of any such tax, penalty or interest imposed by Section 409A.

20. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered in separate counterparts (including by facsimile, PDF scanned image or other
electronic means), each of which is deemed to be an original and all of which taken together constitute one and the same agreement. This
Agreement will become effective only when counterparts have been executed and delivered by all parties whose names are set forth on the
signature page(s) hereof.

[The remainder of this page is left intentionally
blank]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Employment Agreement the day and year first above written.

QVC Group, INC. 

By: /s/ Renee L. Wilm 

Name: Renee L. Wilm 

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Chief Administrative Officer 

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/ David Rawlinson 

David Rawlinson 

Exhibit A

Permitted Activities

The continued conduct by Executive of the following activities is approved:

1. Member of Board of Directors of Discover Financial Services

2. Member of Board of Directors of NielsenIQ

A-1

Exhibit B

Term RSU Award Agreement

B-1

RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AGREEMENT

THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and effective as of the date specified in Schedule I hereto (the Grant Date),
by and between the issuer specified in Schedule I hereto (the Company) and you.

The Company has adopted the
incentive plan that governs the Restricted Stock Units specified in Schedule I hereto (as has been or may hereafter be amended, the Plan),
a copy of which is attached via a link at the end of this online Agreement as Exhibit A and, by this reference, made a part hereof.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Agreement will have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan.

Pursuant to the Plan, the
Plan Administrator has determined that it would be in the interest of the Company and its stockholders to grant you an Award of Restricted
Stock Units, subject to the conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, in order to provide you with additional
remuneration for services rendered, to encourage you to remain in the service or employ of the Company or its Subsidiaries and to increase
your personal interest in the continued success and progress of the Company.

The Company and you therefore
agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
The following terms, when used in this Agreement, have the following meanings, except as otherwise defined in Schedule I hereto:

Agreement has
the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Cause has the
meaning specified as cause in Section 10.2(b) of the Plan.

Common Stock
has the meaning specified in Schedule I hereto.

Company has
the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Confidential Information
has the meaning specified in Section 9 (Confidential Information).

Disability has
the meaning specified as Disability in Section 2.1 of the Plan.

Employment Termination
Date means the date of termination of your employment with the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable.

Forfeitable Benefits
has the meaning specified in Section 28 (Forfeiture for Misconduct and Repayment of Certain Amounts).

Grant Date has
the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Misstatement Period
has the meaning specified in Section 28 (Forfeiture for Misconduct and Repayment of Certain Amounts).

Plan has the
meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Plan Administrator
has the meaning specified in Section 12 (Plan Administrator).

B-2

Required Withholding
Amount has the meaning specified in Section 6 (Mandatory Withholding for Taxes).

Restricted Stock Units
has the meaning specified in Section 2 (Award).

RSU Dividend Equivalents
has the meaning specified in Section 5 (Dividend Equivalents).

Section 409A
has the meaning specified in Section 27 (Code Section 409A).

2. Award.
In consideration of your covenants and promises herein, the Company hereby awards to you as of the Grant Date an Award of the number and
type of Restricted Stock Units authorized by the Plan Administrator and set forth in the notice of online grant delivered to you pursuant
to the Companys online grant and administration program (the Restricted Stock Units), each representing the right
to receive one share of the type of Common Stock specified in such notice of online grant, subject to the conditions and restrictions
set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan.

3. Vesting.
Unless otherwise determined by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion, the Restricted Stock Units will vest in accordance with
the General Vesting provisions specified in Schedule I hereto, subject to your continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary
from the Grant Date through the applicable vesting dates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Plan Administrator
in its sole discretion or except as otherwise specified in Schedule I hereto:

(a) Termination
for any Reason Other than Disability, Death or for Cause. All unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited on the Employment
Termination Date if your employment terminates for any reason other than by reason of your Disability (when Cause does not then exist)
or your death, or for Cause.

(b) Disability
and Death. All unvested Restricted Stock Units will vest on the Employment Termination Date if (i) your employment terminates
by reason of your Disability (when Cause does not then exist) or (ii) you die while employed by the Company or a Subsidiary.

(c) Termination
for Cause. All unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited on the Employment Termination Date if your employment with the Company
or a Subsidiary is terminated for Cause.

(d) Approved
Transaction, Board Change or Control Purchase. The Restricted Stock Units may become vested in accordance with Section 10.1(b) of
the Plan in the event of an Approved Transaction, Board Change or Control Purchase following the Grant Date.

(e) Miscellaneous.

(i) Rounding.
Any fractional portions of a Restricted Stock Unit that do not vest because of rounding down will vest on the earliest succeeding vesting
date on which the cumulative fractional portions of such Restricted Stock Unit equals or exceeds one whole Restricted Stock Unit, with
any excess fractional portions remaining subject to future vesting accordingly.

B-3

(ii) Qualifying
Service. For purposes of this Agreement, continuous employment means the absence of any interruption
or termination of employment or service as an employee, officer or consultant of or to the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable, and
references to termination of employment (or similar references) shall include termination of employment or service as an employee, officer
or consultant of or to the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable. Unless the Plan Administrator otherwise determines in its sole
discretion, a change of your employment or service from the Company to a Subsidiary or from a Subsidiary to the Company or another Subsidiary
will not be considered a termination of your employment for purposes of this Agreement if such change of employment or service is made
at the request or with the express consent of the Company. Unless the Plan Administrator otherwise determines in its sole discretion,
however, any such change of employment or service that is not made at the request or with the express consent of the Company will be a
termination of your employment within the meaning of this Agreement.

(iii) Forfeiture.
Upon forfeiture of any unvested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Units and any related unpaid RSU Dividend Equivalents will
be immediately cancelled, and you will cease to have any rights with respect thereto.

4. No
Stockholder Rights. You will not be deemed for any purpose to be, or to have any of the rights of, a stockholder of the Company with
respect to shares of Common Stock represented by any Restricted Stock Units unless and until such time as shares of Common Stock represented
by vested Restricted Stock Units have been delivered in accordance with Section 7 (Settlement and Delivery by the Company), nor will
the existence of this Agreement affect in any way the right or power of the Company or its stockholders to accomplish any corporate act,
including, without limitation, the acts referred to in Section 10.16 of the Plan.

5. Dividend
Equivalents. To the extent specified by the Plan Administrator only, an amount equal to all dividends and other distributions (or
the economic equivalent thereof) (in each case, as determined by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion) that would have been paid
on a like number and type of shares of Common Stock as the shares represented by the Restricted Stock Units if such shares had been issued
to you when such dividends or other distributions were made (RSU Dividend Equivalents) will, if so specified by the Plan
Administrator, be retained by the Company for your account and will, unless otherwise specified by the Plan Administrator, be subject
to the same conditions and restrictions, including the timing of vesting and delivery, applicable to the Restricted Stock Units to which
they relate; provided, however, that the Plan Administrator may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the vesting of any portion
of the RSU Dividend Equivalent and the settlement thereof shall be made as soon as administratively practicable after the accelerated
vesting date, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the year in which such accelerated vesting date
occurs. RSU Dividend Equivalents shall not bear interest or be segregated in a separate account. For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise
determined by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion, you will have no right to receive, or otherwise with respect to, any RSU
Dividend Equivalents until such time, if ever, as the Restricted Stock Units with respect to which such RSU Dividend Equivalents relate
shall have become vested, and, if vesting does not occur, the related RSU Dividend Equivalents will be forfeited at the same time the
Restricted Stock Units with respect to which such RSU Dividend Equivalents relate are forfeited.

B-4

6. Mandatory
Withholding for Taxes. To the extent that the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is subject to withholding tax requirements
under or in respect of any national, federal, state and other local or governmental taxes or social security costs and charges or similar
contributions (wheresoever arising) with respect to the Award of the Restricted Stock Units or the vesting thereof, or the designation
of any RSU Dividend Equivalents as payable or distributable or the payment or distribution thereof, you must make arrangements satisfactory
to the Company to make payment to the Company or its designee of the amount required to be withheld under such tax laws, as determined
by the Company (collectively, the Required Withholding Amount). To the extent such withholding is required because some
or all of the Restricted Stock Units and any related RSU Dividend Equivalents vest, you acknowledge and agree that the Company shall withhold
(a) from the shares of Common Stock represented by vested Restricted Stock Units and otherwise deliverable to you a number of shares
of the applicable type of Common Stock and/or (b) from any related RSU Dividend Equivalents otherwise deliverable to you an amount
of such RSU Dividend Equivalents, which collectively have a value (or, in the case of securities withheld, a Fair Market Value) equal
to the Required Withholding Amount, unless you remit the Required Withholding Amount to the Company or its designee in cash in such form
and by such time as the Company may require or other provisions for withholding such amount satisfactory to the Company have been made.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the delivery of any shares of Common Stock represented by vested Restricted Stock
Units and any related RSU Dividend Equivalents may be postponed until any required withholding taxes have been paid to the Company. For
the avoidance of doubt, the Company may allow for tax withholding in respect of the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and any related
RSU Dividend Equivalents up to the maximum withholding rate applicable to you.

7. Settlement
and Delivery by the Company. Subject to Section 6 hereof (Mandatory Withholding for Taxes), Section 11 hereof (Right of
Offset), and Section 16 hereof (Amendment), and except as otherwise provided herein, shares of Common Stock will be delivered in
respect of vested Restricted Stock Units (if any) as soon as practicable after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as described
herein (but no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the year in which such vesting occurs). Unless otherwise determined
by the Plan Administrator, the Company will (a) cause to be issued and transferred to a brokerage account, or registered through
the Companys stock transfer agent for your benefit, book-entry transfers registered in your name for that number and type of shares
of Common Stock represented by such vested Restricted Stock Units and any securities representing related vested unpaid RSU Dividend Equivalents,
and (b) cause to be delivered to you any cash payment representing related vested unpaid RSU Dividend Equivalents. Any delivery of
securities will be deemed effected for all purposes when (i) in the case of a book-entry transfer, at the time the Companys
stock transfer agent initiates the transfer of such securities to a brokerage account through the Companys stock transfer agent
for your benefit or (ii) the Plan Administrator has made or caused to be made such other arrangements for the delivery of such securities
as the Plan Administrator deems reasonable. Any cash payment will be deemed effected when (I) a check from the Company, payable to
you in the amount equal to the amount of the cash payment, has been delivered personally to or at your direction or deposited in the United
States mail, addressed to you, (II) an amount equal to the amount of the cash payment has been processed through the direct deposit
or normal Company payroll processes for your benefit or (III) the Plan Administrator has made or caused to be made such other arrangements
for delivery of such cash amount as the Plan Administrator deems reasonable. Shares representing Restricted Stock Units that have vested
may be registered only to you (or during your lifetime, to your court appointed legal representative) or to a person to whom the Restricted
Stock Units have been transferred in accordance with Section 10.6 of the Plan and Section 8 below (Nontransferability).

B-5

8. Nontransferability.
Restricted Stock Units and any related unpaid RSU Dividend Equivalents are not transferable (either voluntarily or involuntarily), before
or after your death, except as follows: (a) during your lifetime, pursuant to a Domestic Relations Order, issued by a court of competent
jurisdiction, that is not contrary to the terms and conditions of the Plan or this Agreement, and in a form acceptable to the Plan Administrator;
or (b) after your death, by will or pursuant to the applicable laws of descent and distribution, as may be the case. Any person to
whom Restricted Stock Units and any related unpaid RSU Dividend Equivalents are transferred in accordance with the provisions of the preceding
sentence shall take such Restricted Stock Units and any related unpaid RSU Dividend Equivalents subject to all of the terms and conditions
of the Plan and this Agreement, including that the vesting and termination provisions of this Agreement will continue to be applied with
respect to you. Restricted Stock Units that have vested may be registered only to you (or during your lifetime, to your court appointed
legal representative) or to a person to whom the Restricted Stock Units have been transferred in accordance with this Section 8 and
Section 10.6 of the Plan.

9. Confidential
Information. During your employment or service with the Company or a Subsidiary, you will acquire, receive, and/or develop Confidential
Information (as defined below) in the course of performing your job duties or services. You will not, during or after your employment
or service with the Company or a Subsidiary, without the prior express written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly use or divulge,
disclose or make available or accessible any Confidential Information to any person, firm, partnership, corporation, trust or any other
entity or third party other than when required to do so in good faith to perform your duties and responsibilities to the Company and provided
that nothing herein shall be interpreted as preventing you from (a) doing so when required to do so by a lawful order of a court
of competent jurisdiction, any governmental authority or agency, or any recognized subpoena power, (b) doing so when necessary to
prosecute your rights against the Company or its Subsidiaries or to defend yourself against any allegations, or (c) communicating
with, filing a charge with, reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to, or participating in an investigation or proceeding
conducted by, a government agency, including providing documents or other information to such agency without notice to the Company. You
will also proffer to the Company, any time upon request by the Company or upon termination, to be provided no later than the effective
date of any termination of your employment or engagement with the Company for any reason, and without retaining any copies, notes or excerpts
thereof, all memoranda, computer disks or other media, computer programs, diaries, notes, records, data, customer or client lists, marketing
plans and strategies, and any other documents consisting of or containing Confidential Information that are in your actual or constructive
possession or which are subject to your control at such time (other than contracts between you and the Company, pay stubs, benefits information,
and copies of documents or information that you require in order to prepare your taxes). At the time of termination or otherwise upon
request by the Company, you agree to permanently delete Confidential Information from all of your personal electronic devices and provide
certification to the Company that you are in compliance with this sentence. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information
will mean all information respecting the business and activities of the Company or any Subsidiary, including, without limitation, the
clients, customers, suppliers, employees, consultants, computer or other files, projects, products, computer disks or other media, computer
hardware or computer software programs, marketing plans, financial information, methodologies, know-how, processes, practices, approaches,
projections, forecasts, formats, systems, trade secrets, data gathering methods and/or strategies of the Company or any Subsidiary. Notwithstanding
the immediately preceding sentence, Confidential Information will not include any information that is, or becomes, generally available
to the public (unless such availability occurs as a result of your breach of any of your obligations under this Section 9). If you
are in breach of any of the provisions of this Section 9 or if any such breach is threatened by you, in addition to and without limiting
or waiving any other rights or remedies available to the Company at law or in equity, the Company shall be entitled to immediate injunctive
relief in any court, domestic or foreign, having the capacity to grant such relief, without the necessity of posting a bond, to restrain
any such breach or threatened breach and to enforce the provisions of this Section 9. You agree that there is no adequate remedy
at law for any such breach or threatened breach and, if any action or proceeding is brought seeking injunctive relief, you will not use
as a defense thereto that there is an adequate remedy at law.

B-6

Notwithstanding any other provisions
of this Agreement, pursuant to 18 USC 1833(b), an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal
or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (a) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating
a suspected violation of law and in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official (either directly or indirectly) or to
an attorney; or (b) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Further,
an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret
to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in a court proceeding, so long as the individual (I) files any document
containing the trade secret under seal, and (II) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. And further,
nothing herein shall limit your ability to (i) provide truthful information, cause information to be provided, or otherwise assist
in an investigation regarding any conduct which you reasonably believes constitutes a violation of 18 U.S.C. sections 1341, 1343, 1344,
or 1348, any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any provision of Federal law relating to fraud against
shareholders, when the information or assistance is provided to or the investigation is conducted by a Federal regulatory or law enforcement
agency, any Member of Congress or any committee of Congress, or a person with supervisory authority over you (or such other employee who
has the authority to investigate, discover, or terminate misconduct); or (ii) file, cause to be filed, testify, participate in, or
otherwise assist in a proceeding filed or about to be filed relating to an alleged violation of any of the foregoing.

10. Adjustments.
The Restricted Stock Units and any related unpaid RSU Dividend Equivalents will be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 4.2
of the Plan in such manner as the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems equitable and appropriate in connection with the occurrence
of any of the events described in Section 4.2 of the Plan following the Grant Date.

11. Right
of Offset. You hereby agree that the Company shall have the right to offset against its obligation to deliver shares of Common Stock,
cash or other property under this Agreement to the extent that it does not constitute non-qualified deferred compensation
pursuant to Section 409A, any outstanding amounts of whatever nature that you then owe to the Company or a Subsidiary.

12. Plan
Administrator. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Plan Administrator means the Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors of the Company or any different committee appointed by the Board of Directors as described more fully in Section 3.1
of the Plan.

13. Restrictions
Imposed by Law. Without limiting the generality of Section 10.8 of the Plan, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any
shares of Common Stock represented by vested Restricted Stock Units or securities constituting any unpaid RSU Dividend Equivalents if
counsel to the Company determines that the issuance or delivery thereof would violate any applicable law or any rule or regulation
of any governmental authority or any rule or regulation of, or agreement of the Company with, any securities exchange or association
upon which shares of Common Stock or such other securities are listed or quoted. The Company will in no event be obligated to take any
affirmative action in order to cause the delivery of shares of Common Stock represented by vested Restricted Stock Units or securities
constituting any unpaid RSU Dividend Equivalents to comply with any such law, rule, regulation, or agreement. Any certificates representing
any such securities issued or delivered under this Agreement may bear such legend or legends as the Company deems appropriate in order
to assure compliance with applicable securities laws.

B-7

14. Tax
Representations. You hereby acknowledge that the Company has advised you that you should consult with your own tax advisors regarding
the national, federal, state and other local or governmental tax consequences or social security costs and charges or similar contributions
(wheresoever arising) of receiving the Award. You hereby represent to the Company that you are not relying on any statements or representations
of the Company, its Affiliates or any of their respective agents with respect to the national, federal, state and other local or governmental
tax consequences or social security costs and charges or similar contributions (wheresoever arising) of receiving the Award. If, in connection
with the Award, the Company is required to withhold any amounts by reason of any national, federal, state and other local or governmental
tax or social security costs and charges or similar contributions (wheresoever arising), such withholding shall be effected in accordance
with Section 10.9 of the Plan and Section 5 (Mandatory Withholding for Taxes).

15. Notice.
Unless the Company notifies you in writing of a different procedure or address, any notice or other communication to the Company with
respect to this Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered personally or sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, to the address
specified for the Company in Schedule I hereto. Any notice or other communication to you with respect to this Agreement will be provided
to you electronically pursuant to the online grant and administration program or via email, unless the Company elects to notify you in
writing, which will be delivered personally, or will be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, to your address as listed in the records
of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company on the Grant Date, unless the Company has received written notification from you of a
change of address.

16. Amendment.
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, this Agreement may be supplemented or amended from time to time as approved by the Plan Administrator
as contemplated by Section 10.7(b) of the Plan. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, without your consent:

(a) this
Agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time as approved by the Plan Administrator (i) to cure any ambiguity or to
correct or supplement any provision herein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision herein, (ii) to add to
the covenants and agreements of the Company for your benefit or surrender any right or power reserved to or conferred upon the Company
in this Agreement, subject to any required approval of the Companys stockholders, and provided, in each case, that such changes
or corrections will not adversely affect your rights with respect to the Award evidenced hereby (other than if immaterial), (iii) to
reform the Award made hereunder as contemplated by Section 10.17 of the Plan or to exempt the Award made hereunder from coverage
under Code Section 409A, or (iv) to make such other changes as the Company, upon advice of counsel, determines are necessary
or advisable because of the adoption or promulgation of, or change in the interpretation of, any law or governmental rule or regulation,
including any applicable federal or state securities laws; and

(b) subject
to any required action by the Board of Directors or the stockholders of the Company, the Restricted Stock Units granted under this Agreement
may be canceled by the Plan Administrator and a new Award made in substitution therefor, provided that the Award so substituted will satisfy
all of the requirements of the Plan as of the date such new Award is made and no such action will adversely affect any Restricted Stock
Units (other than if immaterial) to the extent then vested.

B-8

17. Employment.
Nothing contained in the Plan or this Agreement, and no action of the Company or the Plan Administrator with respect thereto, will confer
or be construed to confer on you any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary or interfere in any way
with the right of the Company or any employing Subsidiary to terminate your employment or service at any time, with or without Cause,
subject to the provisions of any employment or consulting agreement between you and the Company or any Subsidiary.

18. Nonalienation
of Benefits. Except as provided in Section 8 (Nontransferability) and Section 11 (Right of Offset), (a) no right or
benefit under this Agreement will be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, hypothecation, pledge, exchange, transfer,
encumbrance or charge, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, assign, hypothecate, pledge, exchange, transfer, encumber or charge
the same will be void, and (b) no right or benefit hereunder will in any manner be subjected to or liable for the debts, contracts,
liabilities or torts of you or other person entitled to such benefits.

19. No
Effect on Other Benefits. Any payments made pursuant to this Agreement will not be counted as compensation for purposes of any other
employee benefit plan, program or agreement sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the Company or a Subsidiary unless expressly provided
for in such employee benefit plan, program, agreement, or arrangement.

20. Governing
Law; Venue. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State designated in Section 10.13
of the Plan. Each party irrevocably submits to the general jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of Colorado
and in the State of Delaware in any action to interpret or enforce this Agreement and irrevocably waives any objection to jurisdiction
that such party may have based on inconvenience of forum.

21. Waiver.
No waiver by the Company at any time of any breach by you of, or compliance with, any term or condition of this Agreement or the Plan
to be performed by you shall be deemed a waiver of the same term or condition, or of any similar or any dissimilar term or condition,
whether at the same time or at any prior or subsequent time.

22. Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or condition hereof shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of the other terms and conditions set forth herein.

23. Construction.
References in this Agreement to this Agreement and the words herein, hereof, hereunder
and similar terms include all Exhibits and Schedules attached hereto, including the Plan. All references to Sections in
this Agreement shall be to Sections of this Agreement unless explicitly stated otherwise. The word include and all variations
thereof are used in an illustrative sense and not in a limiting sense. All decisions of the Plan Administrator upon questions regarding
the Plan or this Agreement will be conclusive. Unless otherwise expressly stated herein, in the event of any inconsistency between the
terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will control. The headings of the sections of this Agreement have been included
for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions
hereof.

B-9

24. Rules by
Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator, in its discretion and as contemplated by Section 3.3 of the Plan, may adopt rules and
regulations it deems consistent with the terms of the Plan and as necessary or advisable in its operation and administration of the Plan
and this Award. You acknowledge and agree that your rights and the obligations of the Company hereunder will be subject to any further
conditions and such reasonable rules and regulations as the Plan Administrator may adopt from time to time.

25. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement is in satisfaction of and in lieu of all prior discussions and agreements, oral or written, between the
Company and you regarding the Award. You and the Company hereby declare and represent that no promise or agreement not expressed herein
has been made and that this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the Award and replaces
and makes null and void any prior agreements between you and the Company regarding the Award. Subject to the restrictions set forth in
Sections 8 (Nontransferability) and 18 (Nonalienation of Benefits), this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties and their respective heirs, successors and assigns.

26. Acknowledgment.
You will signify acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by acknowledging the acceptance of this Agreement via the procedures
described in the online grant and administration program utilized by the Company. By your electronic acknowledgment of the Restricted
Stock Units, you are acknowledging the terms and conditions of the Award set forth in this Agreement as though you and the Company had
signed an original copy of the Agreement.

27. Code
Section 409A. The Awards made hereunder are intended to be short-term deferrals exempt from Section 409A and
this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered accordingly. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that Section 409A
of the Code or the related regulations and Treasury pronouncements (Section 409A) are applicable to you in connection
with the Award, this Award is subject to the provisions of Section 10.17 of the Plan regarding Section 409A and each payment
under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes
no representations that the Award or the Plan shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude
Section 409A from applying to the Award or the Plan. If this Agreement fails to meet the requirements of Section 409A, neither
the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall have any liability for any tax, penalty or interest imposed on you by Section 409A, and
you shall have no recourse against the Company or any of its Affiliate for payment of any such tax, penalty or interest imposed by Section 409A.

B-10

28. Forfeiture
for Misconduct and Repayment of Certain Amounts. If (a) a material restatement of any financial statement of the Company (including
any consolidated financial statement of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries) is required and (b) in the reasonable judgment
of the Plan Administrator, (i) such restatement is due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under applicable
securities laws and (ii) such noncompliance is a result of misconduct on your part, you will repay to the Company Forfeitable Benefits
you received during the Misstatement Period in such amount as the Plan Administrator may reasonably determine, taking into account, in
addition to any other factors deemed relevant by the Plan Administrator, the extent to which the market value of Common Stock during the
Misstatement Period was affected by the error(s) giving rise to the need for such restatement. Forfeitable Benefits
means (A) any and all cash and/or shares of Common Stock you received (I) upon the exercise during the Misstatement Period of
any Options and SARs you held or (II) upon the payment during the Misstatement Period of any Cash Award or Performance Award you
held, the value of which is determined in whole or in part with reference to the value of Common Stock, and (B) any proceeds you
received from the sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition during the Misstatement Period of any shares of Common Stock you received
upon the exercise, vesting or payment during the Misstatement Period of any Award you held. By way of clarification, Forfeitable
Benefits will not include any shares of Common Stock you received upon vesting of any Restricted Stock Units during the Misstatement
Period that are not sold, exchanged, transferred or otherwise disposed of during the Misstatement Period. Misstatement Period
means the 12-month period beginning on the date of the first public issuance or the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
whichever occurs earlier, of the financial statement requiring restatement. Further, in the event that the Plan Administrator, in its
reasonable judgment, determines that you breached Section 9 (Confidential Information) or any other non-competition or non-solicitation
provisions included in this Agreement, the Plan Administrator may require you to forfeit, return or repay to the Company (X) all
or any portion of the Restricted Stock Units, and any and all rights with respect to any such Restricted Stock Units (including any related
RSU Dividend Equivalents), (Y) any shares of Common Stock or cash received upon the settlement of any Restricted Stock Units (and
any related RSU Dividend Equivalents) during the 12-month period prior to such breach or any time after such breach occurs and (Z) any
proceeds realized on the sale of any shares of Common Stock received upon the settlement of any Restricted Stock Units (and any related
RSU Dividend Equivalents) during the 12-month period prior to such breach or any time after such breach occurs. For the avoidance of doubt,
any such forfeiture, return or repayment will not limit, restrict or otherwise affect your continuing obligations under Section 9
(Confidential Information) or any other non-competition or non-solicitation provisions included in this Agreement, or the Companys
right to seek injunctive relief or any other relief in the event of your breach of Section 9 (Confidential Information) or any other
non-competition or non-solicitation provisions included in this Agreement.

29. Changes
to Forfeiture Provisions and Policies. Please note Section 28 (Forfeiture for Misconduct and Repayment of Certain Amounts), which
reflects an important policy of the Company. The Plan Administrator has determined that Awards made under the Plan (including the Award
represented by this Agreement) are subject to forfeiture and recoupment in certain circumstances. By accepting this Award, you agree that
the Plan Administrator may change the Forfeiture section of any or all of the grant agreements (including this Agreement) from time to
time without your further consent to reflect changes in law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirements or Company policy.

30. Additional
Conditions and Restrictions. You may be subject to additional conditions and restrictions. If a Schedule II is attached hereto, the
additional conditions and restrictions specified therein are considered part of this Agreement.

31. Administrative
Blackouts. In addition to its other powers under the Plan, the Plan Administrator has the authority to suspend any transactions under
the Plan as it deems necessary or appropriate for administrative reasons.

32. Stock
Ownership Guidelines. This Award may be subject to any applicable stock ownership guidelines adopted by the Company, as amended or
superseded from time to time.

33. Company
Information. You can access the Companys most recent annual, quarterly and current reports as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the Companys website specified in Schedule I hereto. Please refer to these reports as well as
the Companys future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (also available on the Companys website) for important
information regarding the Company and its Common Stock.

*****

B-11

Exhibit C

Term RSU Award Agreement Schedule

C-1

Schedule I

to

Restricted Stock Units Agreement

[Insert Grant Code]

Grant Date: [____________] 

Issuer/Company: QVC Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

Plan: QVC Group, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time 

Common Stock: QVC Group, Inc. Series A Common Stock 

General Vesting Schedule: Subject to your continuous employment with the Company or a Subsidiary from the Grant Date through the following applicable vesting dates, the Restricted Stock Units will vest, rounded down to the nearest whole number, on the following schedule: 

Vesting Date 

Vesting

Percentage 

December 10, 2025 33 1/3 % 

December 10, 2026 33 1/3 % 

December 10, 2027 33 1/3 % 

Each portion of the Restricted Stock Units that is subject to a particular vesting date is referred to herein as an individual Tranche, with Tranche One referring to the Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on December 10, 2025, Tranche Two referring to the Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on December 10, 2026 and Tranche Three referring to the Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on December 10, 2027. 

Overriding Definitions: For purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding Section 1 of this Agreement: Cause has the meaning specified in the Employment Agreement. 

Additional Definitions: 

For purposes of this Agreement:

Employment Agreement means the Employment Agreement between you and QVC Group, Inc., effective as of February 27, 2025, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

Protected Termination has the meaning specified in the Employment Agreement.

Release Conditions means the requirements set forth in Section 7.G. of the Employment Agreement that you deliver a Release (as defined in the Employment Agreement) in accordance with such Section in order to receive certain benefits upon a termination of your employment under certain circumstances.

C-2

Vesting Terms Upon a Protected Termination: Notwithstanding Section 3(a) of the Agreement, if your employment with the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated pursuant to a Protected Termination and the Release Conditions are timely met in accordance with the Employment Agreement, the following Restricted Stock Units will become vested upon the Release Conditions being met: (1) if the Protected Termination occurs prior to December 10, 2025, Tranche One will become vested and Tranche Two and Tranche Three will be forfeited, (2) if the Protected Termination occurs on or after January 1, 2026 and before December 10, 2026, Tranche Two will become vested and Tranche Three will be forfeited, and (3) if the Protected Termination occurs on or after January 1, 2027 and before December 10, 2027, Tranche Three will become vested; provided, however, that if such Protected Termination occurs within twelve (12) months following an Approved Transaction, the Restricted Stock Units will vest in full upon the Release Conditions being met. In each case, if the Release Conditions are not so timely met, the Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited. 

Forfeiture for Misconduct and Repayment of Certain Amounts: Those restrictions contained in Section 5.D. of the Employment Agreement shall be considered other non-competition or non-solicitation provisions included in this Agreement for purposes of the forfeiture and repayment provisions included in Section 29 of this Agreement. 

Company Notice Address: QVC Group, Inc.

12300 Liberty Boulevard

Englewood, Colorado 80112

Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Chief Administrative Officer 

Company Website: www.qvcgrp.com 

Plan Access: You can access the Plan via the link at the end of the Agreement or by contacting QVC Group, Inc.s Legal Department. 

C-3

Exhibit D

Performance Cash Award Agreement

D-1

PERFORMANCE CASH AWARD AGREEMENT

THIS PERFORMANCE CASH AWARD
AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and effective as of [] (the Grant Date), by and between QVC Group, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company) and you.

The
Company has adopted the QVC Group, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as has been or may hereafter be amended, the Plan),
a copy of which is attached as Exhibit A and, by this reference, made a part hereof. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined
in this Agreement will have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan.

Pursuant to the Plan, the
Plan Administrator has determined that it would be in the interest of the Company and its stockholders to grant you a Cash Award, subject
to the conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, in order to provide you with additional remuneration for
services rendered, to encourage you to remain in the service or employ of the Company or its Subsidiaries and to increase your personal
interest in the continued success and progress of the Company.

The Company and you therefore
agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
The following terms, when used in this Agreement, have the following meanings:

Agreement has
the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Cash Award has
the meaning specified in the Plan, and refers to the Performance Cash Award granted hereunder.

Cause has the
meaning specified in the Employment Agreement.

Close of Business
means, on any day, 4:00 p.m., New York, New York time.

Company has
the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Confidential Information
has the meaning specified in Section 7 (Confidential Information).

Determination Date
has the meaning specified in Section 3(a) (Vesting; Performance Determination).

Disability has
the meaning specified in the Employment Agreement.

Employment
Agreement means the Employment Agreement between you and QVC Group, Inc., effective as of February 27, 2025, as
the same may be amended from time to time.

Employment Termination
Date means the date of termination of your employment with the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable.

First Performance Period
has the meaning specified in Section 2.

Forfeitable
Benefits has the meaning specified in Section 24 (Forfeiture for Misconduct and Repayment of Certain Amounts).

D-2

Grant Date has
the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Misstatement
Period has the meaning specified in Section 24 (Forfeiture for Misconduct and Repayment of Certain Amounts).

Performance Criteria
has the meaning specified in Section 2.

Performance Period
has the meaning specified in Section 2.

Plan has the
meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Plan Administrator
has the meaning specified in Section 9 (Plan Administrator).

Protected Termination
has the meaning specified in the Employment Agreement.

Release Conditions
means the requirements set forth in Section 7.G. of the Employment Agreement that you deliver a Release (as defined
in the Employment Agreement) in accordance with such Section in order to receive certain benefits upon a termination of your employment
under certain circumstances.

Second Performance
Period has the meaning specified in Section 2.

Section 409A
has the meaning specified in Section 23 (Code Section 409A).

Target Amount
has the meaning specified in Section 2.

Third Performance Period
has the meaning specified in Section 2.

Tranche has
the meaning specified in Section 2.

2. Award.
In consideration of your covenants and promises herein and in your Employment Agreement, the Company hereby awards to you as of the Grant
Date a target Cash Award of $15,000,000 (the Target Amount), which represents the opportunity to earn an amount in cash
between 50% and 200% of the Target Amount (the Cash Award), subject to the conditions and restrictions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Plan. One-third of the Cash Award ($5,000,000, referred to as a Tranche) is eligible to vest and be
paid based on the achievement of the performance criteria, as described in Exhibit B (the Performance Criteria), over
the period beginning the day following the day earnings are released for the 2024 fiscal year through the end of the ten-day period that
begins (and includes) the day following the day earnings are released for the 2025 fiscal year (the First Performance Period),
an additional Tranche is eligible to vest and be paid based on the achievement of the Performance Criteria over the period beginning at
the end of the First Performance Period through the end of the ten-day period that begins (and includes) the day following the day earnings
are released for the 2026 fiscal year (the Second Performance Period) and the remaining Tranche is eligible to vest and
be paid based on the achievement of the Performance Criteria over the period beginning at the end of the Second Performance Period through
the end of the ten-day period that begins (and includes) the day following the day earnings are released for the 2027 fiscal year (the
Third Performance Period and, any of the First Performance Period, the Second Performance Period or the Third Performance
Period, a Performance Period).

D-3

3. Vesting.
The Cash Award will vest in accordance with this Section 3.

(a) Performance
Determination. As soon as practicable after the end of the applicable Performance Period, and, in any event, in the year in which
the Performance Period ends, the Plan Administrator will determine the extent to which the Performance Criteria have been met for the
applicable Performance Period in accordance with Exhibit B (the date as of which such determination is made, the Determination
Date and the portion of the Tranche that is determined to have been earned, the Earned Tranche). For the avoidance
of doubt, the Earned Tranche will be an amount not less than $2,500,000 and not more than $10,000,000.

(b) Unearned
Tranche. Any portion of the Tranche that is not earned pursuant to Section 3(a) will automatically be forfeited as of the
Close of Business on the Determination Date.

(c) Continuous
Employment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you will not vest, pursuant to this Section 3, in any portion of the Earned Tranche
in which you would otherwise vest as of the Determination Date if you have not been continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary
from the Grant Date through the Determination Date.

(d) Early
Vesting or Forfeiture. Notwithstanding the foregoing:

(i) Termination
pursuant to a Protected Termination, due to Disability or due to Death. Notwithstanding Section 3(c), if your employment with
the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated pursuant to a Protected Termination, due to your Disability or due to your death, and, in each
case, the Release Conditions are timely met in accordance with the Employment Agreement, upon the Release Conditions being met, you will
remain eligible to receive the portion of the Tranche that would have been payable to you as though you remained continuously employed
through the next Determination Date following the Employment Termination Date. You will forfeit any portion of such Tranche that is not
determined to be an Earned Tranche and any future Tranches. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Release Conditions are not timely met,
any Tranches that have not previously vested will be forfeited.

(ii) Termination
At or Following Expiration of the Term. If you remain employed with the Company or a Subsidiary until the last day of the Term (as
defined in the Employment Agreement) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, following a rejection by either party to such agreement of
an offer by the other party to extend for the Extension Term (as defined in the Employment Agreement)), you will remain eligible to receive
the portion of the last Tranche that would have been payable to you in respect of the Third Performance Period as though you remained
continuously employed through the final Determination Date hereunder.

(iii) Termination
for any Other Reason. Any Tranches of the Cash Award that have not previously vested will be forfeited on the Employment Termination
Date if your employment with the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated for any reason other than as described in Sections 3(d)(i) or
3(d)(ii).

D-4

(e) Miscellaneous.

(i) Qualifying
Service. For purposes of this Agreement, continuous employment means the absence of any interruption
or termination of employment or service as an employee, officer or consultant of or to the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable, and
references to termination of employment (or similar references) shall include termination of employment or service as an employee, officer
or consultant of or to the Company or a Subsidiary, as applicable. Unless the Plan Administrator otherwise determines in its sole
discretion, a change of your employment or service from the Company to a Subsidiary or from a Subsidiary to the Company or another Subsidiary
will not be considered a termination of your employment for purposes of this Agreement if such change of employment or service is made
at the request or with the express consent of the Company. Unless the Plan Administrator otherwise determines in its sole discretion,
however, any such change of employment or service that is not made at the request or with the express consent of the Company will be a
termination of your employment within the meaning of this Agreement.

(ii) Forfeiture.
Upon forfeiture of any Tranches of the Cash Award that have not previously vested, such Tranches of the Cash Award will be immediately
cancelled, and you will cease to have any rights with respect thereto.

4. Payment.
Subject to Section 5 hereof (Mandatory Withholding for Taxes), Section 8 hereof (Right of Offset), and Section 12 hereof
(Amendment), and except as otherwise provided herein, payment of any Earned Tranche shall be made as soon as administratively practicable
after the applicable Determination Date, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following such date. Any cash payment
will be deemed effected when (a) a check from the Company, payable to you in the amount equal to the amount of the cash payment,
has been delivered personally to or at your direction or deposited in the United States mail, addressed to you, (b) an amount equal
to the amount of the cash payment has been processed through the direct deposit or normal Company payroll processes for your benefit or
(c) the Plan Administrator has made or caused to be made such other arrangements for delivery of such cash amount as the Plan Administrator
deems reasonable.

5. Mandatory
Withholding for Taxes. To the extent that the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is subject to withholding tax requirements
under or in respect of any national, federal, state and other local or governmental taxes or social security costs and charges or similar
contributions (wheresoever arising) with respect to the vesting or payment of any portion of the Cash Award, you acknowledge and agree
that the Company shall withhold from any payment an amount equal to the amount required to be withheld under such tax laws, as determined
by the Company

6. Nontransferability.
The Cash Award is not transferable (either voluntarily or involuntarily), before or after your death, except as follows: (a) during
your lifetime, pursuant to a Domestic Relations Order, issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, that is not contrary to the terms
and conditions of the Plan or this Agreement, and in a form acceptable to the Plan Administrator; or (b) after your death, by will
or pursuant to the applicable laws of descent and distribution, as may be the case. Any person to whom the Cash Award is transferred in
accordance with the provisions of the preceding sentence shall take such Cash Award subject to all of the terms and conditions of the
Plan and this Agreement, including that the vesting and termination provisions of this Agreement will continue to be applied with respect
to you.

D-5

7. Confidential
Information. During your employment or service with the Company or a Subsidiary, you will acquire, receive, and/or develop Confidential
Information (as defined below) in the course of performing your job duties or services. You will not, during or after your employment
or service with the Company or a Subsidiary, without the prior express written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly use or divulge,
disclose or make available or accessible any Confidential Information to any person, firm, partnership, corporation, trust or any other
entity or third party other than when required to do so in good faith to perform your duties and responsibilities to the Company and provided
that nothing herein shall be interpreted as preventing you from (a) doing so when required to do so by a lawful order of a court
of competent jurisdiction, any governmental authority or agency, or any recognized subpoena power, (b) doing so when necessary to
prosecute your rights against the Company or its Subsidiaries or to defend yourself against any allegations, or (c) communicating
with, filing a charge with, reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to, or participating in an investigation or proceeding
conducted by, a government agency, including providing documents or other information to such agency without notice to the Company. You
will also proffer to the Company, any time upon request by the Company or upon termination, to be provided no later than the effective
date of any termination of your employment or engagement with the Company for any reason, and without retaining any copies, notes or excerpts
thereof, all memoranda, computer disks or other media, computer programs, diaries, notes, records, data, customer or client lists, marketing
plans and strategies, and any other documents consisting of or containing Confidential Information that are in your actual or constructive
possession or which are subject to your control at such time (other than contracts between you and the Company, pay stubs, benefits information,
and copies of documents or information that you require in order to prepare your taxes). At the time of termination or otherwise upon
request by the Company, you agree to permanently delete Confidential Information from all of your personal electronic devices and provide
certification to the Company that you are in compliance with this sentence. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information
will mean all information respecting the business and activities of the Company or any Subsidiary, including, without limitation, the
clients, customers, suppliers, employees, consultants, computer or other files, projects, products, computer disks or other media, computer
hardware or computer software programs, marketing plans, financial information, methodologies, know-how, processes, practices, approaches,
projections, forecasts, formats, systems, trade secrets, data gathering methods and/or strategies of the Company or any Subsidiary. Notwithstanding
the immediately preceding sentence, Confidential Information will not include any information that is, or becomes, generally available
to the public (unless such availability occurs as a result of your breach of any of your obligations under this Section 7). If you
are in breach of any of the provisions of this Section 7 or if any such breach is threatened by you, in addition to and without limiting
or waiving any other rights or remedies available to the Company at law or in equity, the Company shall be entitled to immediate injunctive
relief in any court, domestic or foreign, having the capacity to grant such relief, without the necessity of posting a bond, to restrain
any such breach or threatened breach and to enforce the provisions of this Section 7. You agree that there is no adequate remedy
at law for any such breach or threatened breach and, if any action or proceeding is brought seeking injunctive relief, you will not use
as a defense thereto that there is an adequate remedy at law.

D-6

Notwithstanding any other provisions
of this Agreement, pursuant to 18 USC 1833(b), an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal
or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (a) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating
a suspected violation of law and in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official (either directly or indirectly) or to
an attorney; or (b) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Further,
an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret
to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in a court proceeding, so long as the individual (I) files any document
containing the trade secret under seal, and (II) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. And further,
nothing herein shall limit your ability to (i) provide truthful information, cause information to be provided, or otherwise assist
in an investigation regarding any conduct which you reasonably believes constitutes a violation of 18 U.S.C. sections 1341, 1343, 1344,
or 1348, any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any provision of Federal law relating to fraud against
shareholders, when the information or assistance is provided to or the investigation is conducted by a Federal regulatory or law enforcement
agency, any Member of Congress or any committee of Congress, or a person with supervisory authority over you (or such other employee who
has the authority to investigate, discover, or terminate misconduct); or (ii) file, cause to be filed, testify, participate in, or
otherwise assist in a proceeding filed or about to be filed relating to an alleged violation of any of the foregoing.

8. Right
of Offset. You hereby agree that the Company shall have the right to offset against its obligation to deliver cash under this Agreement
to the extent that it does not constitute non-qualified deferred compensation pursuant to Section 409A, any outstanding
amounts of whatever nature that you then owe to the Company or a Subsidiary.

9. Plan
Administrator. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Plan Administrator means the Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors of the Company or any different committee appointed by the Board of Directors as described more fully in Section 3.1
of the Plan.

10. Tax
Representations. You hereby acknowledge that the Company has advised you that you should consult with your own tax advisors regarding
the national, federal, state and other local or governmental tax consequences or social security costs and charges or similar contributions
(wheresoever arising) of receiving the Cash Award. You hereby represent to the Company that you are not relying on any statements or representations
of the Company, its Affiliates or any of their respective agents with respect to the national, federal, state and other local or governmental
tax consequences or social security costs and charges or similar contributions (wheresoever arising) of receiving the Cash Award. If,
in connection with the Cash Award, the Company is required to withhold any amounts by reason of any national, federal, state and other
local or governmental tax or social security costs and charges or similar contributions (wheresoever arising), such withholding shall
be effected in accordance with Section 10.9 of the Plan and Section 5 (Mandatory Withholding for Taxes).

11. Notice.
Unless the Company notifies you in writing of a different procedure or address, any notice or other communication to the Company with
respect to this Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered personally or sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, to QVC Group, Inc.,
12300 Liberty Boulevard, Englewood, Colorado 80112, Attn: Chief Legal Officer and Chief Administrative Officer. Any notice or other communication
to you with respect to this Agreement will be provided to you in accordance with the notice provisions in the Employment Agreement.

D-7

12. Amendment.
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, this Agreement may be supplemented or amended from time to time as approved by the Plan Administrator
as contemplated by Section 10.7(b) of the Plan. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, without your consent:

(a) this
Agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time as approved by the Plan Administrator (i) to cure any ambiguity or to
correct or supplement any provision herein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision herein, (ii) to add to
the covenants and agreements of the Company for your benefit or surrender any right or power reserved to or conferred upon the Company
in this Agreement, subject to any required approval of the Companys stockholders, and provided, in each case, that such
changes or corrections will not adversely affect your rights with respect to the Cash Award evidenced hereby (other than if immaterial),
(iii) to reform the Cash Award made hereunder as contemplated by Section 10.17 of the Plan or to exempt the Cash Award made
hereunder from coverage under Code Section 409A, or (iv) to make such other changes as the Company, upon advice of counsel,
determines are necessary or advisable because of the adoption or promulgation of, or change in the interpretation of, any law or governmental
rule or regulation, including any applicable federal or state securities laws; and

(b) subject
to any required action by the Board of Directors or the stockholders of the Company, the Cash Award granted under this Agreement may be
canceled by the Plan Administrator and a new Award made in substitution therefor, provided that the Award so substituted will satisfy
all of the requirements of the Plan as of the date such new Award is made and no such action will adversely affect the Cash Award (other
than if immaterial) to the extent then vested.

13. Employment.
Nothing contained in the Plan or this Agreement, and no action of the Company or the Plan Administrator with respect thereto, will confer
or be construed to confer on you any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary or interfere in any way
with the right of the Company or any employing Subsidiary to terminate your employment or service at any time, with or without Cause,
subject to the provisions of any employment or consulting agreement between you and the Company or any Subsidiary.

14. Nonalienation
of Benefits. Except as provided in Section 6 (Nontransferability) and Section 8 (Right of Offset), (a) no right or
benefit under this Agreement will be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, hypothecation, pledge, exchange, transfer,
encumbrance or charge, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, assign, hypothecate, pledge, exchange, transfer, encumber or charge
the same will be void, and (b) no right or benefit hereunder will in any manner be subjected to or liable for the debts, contracts,
liabilities or torts of you or other person entitled to such benefits.

15. No
Effect on Other Benefits. Any payments made pursuant to this Agreement will not be counted as compensation for purposes of any other
employee benefit plan, program or agreement sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the Company or a Subsidiary unless expressly provided
for in such employee benefit plan, program, agreement, or arrangement.

16. Governing
Law; Venue. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State designated in Section 10.13
of the Plan. Each party irrevocably submits to the general jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of Colorado
and in the State of Delaware in any action to interpret or enforce this Agreement and irrevocably waives any objection to jurisdiction
that such party may have based on inconvenience of forum.

17. Waiver.
No waiver by the Company at any time of any breach by you of, or compliance with, any term or condition of this Agreement or the Plan
to be performed by you shall be deemed a waiver of the same term or condition, or of any similar or any dissimilar term or condition,
whether at the same time or at any prior or subsequent time.

D-8

18. Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or condition hereof shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of the other terms and conditions set forth herein.

19. Construction.
References in this Agreement to this Agreement and the words herein, hereof, hereunder
and similar terms include all Exhibits and Schedules attached hereto, including the Plan. All references to Sections in
this Agreement shall be to Sections of this Agreement unless explicitly stated otherwise. The word include and all variations
thereof are used in an illustrative sense and not in a limiting sense. All decisions of the Plan Administrator upon questions regarding
the Plan or this Agreement will be conclusive. Unless otherwise expressly stated herein, in the event of any inconsistency between the
terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will control. The headings of the sections of this Agreement have been included
for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions
hereof.

20. Rules by
Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator, in its discretion and as contemplated by Section 3.3 of the Plan, may adopt rules and
regulations it deems consistent with the terms of the Plan and as necessary or advisable in its operation and administration of the Plan
and this Cash Award. You acknowledge and agree that your rights and the obligations of the Company hereunder will be subject to any further
conditions and such reasonable rules and regulations as the Plan Administrator may adopt from time to time.

21. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement is in satisfaction of and in lieu of all prior discussions and agreements, oral or written, between the
Company and you regarding the Cash Award. You and the Company hereby declare and represent that no promise or agreement not expressed
herein has been made and that this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the Cash Award and
replaces and makes null and void any prior agreements between you and the Company regarding the Cash Award. Subject to the restrictions
set forth in Sections 6 (Nontransferability) and 14 (Nonalienation of Benefits), this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, successors and assigns.

22. Acknowledgment.
You will signify acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by acknowledging the acceptance of this Agreement via the procedures
described in the online grant and administration program utilized by the Company. By your electronic acknowledgment of the Cash Award,
you are acknowledging the terms and conditions of the Cash Award set forth in this Agreement as though you and the Company had signed
an original copy of the Agreement.

23. Code
Section 409A. The Cash Award made hereunder is intended to be a short-term deferral exempt from Section 409A
and this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered accordingly. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that Section 409A
of the Code or the related regulations and Treasury pronouncements (Section 409A) are applicable to you in connection
with the Cash Award, this Cash Award is subject to the provisions of Section 10.17 of the Plan regarding Section 409A and each
payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
makes no representations that the Cash Award or the Plan shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking
to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Cash Award or the Plan. If this Agreement fails to meet the requirements of Section 409A,
neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall have any liability for any tax, penalty or interest imposed on you by Section 409A,
and you shall have no recourse against the Company or any of its Affiliate for payment of any such tax, penalty or interest imposed by
Section 409A.

D-9

24. Forfeiture
for Misconduct and Repayment of Certain Amounts. If (a) a material restatement of any financial statement of the Company (including
any consolidated financial statement of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries) is required and (b) in the reasonable judgment
of the Plan Administrator, (i) such restatement is due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under applicable
securities laws and (ii) such noncompliance is a result of misconduct on your part, you will repay to the Company Forfeitable Benefits
you received during the Misstatement Period in such amount as the Plan Administrator may reasonably determine, taking into account, in
addition to any other factors deemed relevant by the Plan Administrator, the extent to which the market value of Common Stock during the
Misstatement Period was affected by the error(s) giving rise to the need for such restatement. Forfeitable Benefits
means (A) any and all cash and/or shares of Common Stock you received (I) upon the exercise during the Misstatement Period of
any Options and SARs you held or (II) upon the payment during the Misstatement Period of any Cash Award or Performance Award you
held, the value of which is determined in whole or in part with reference to the value of Common Stock, and (B) any proceeds you
received from the sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition during the Misstatement Period of any shares of Common Stock you received
upon the exercise, vesting or payment during the Misstatement Period of any Award you held. Misstatement Period means the
12-month period beginning on the date of the first public issuance or the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, whichever
occurs earlier, of the financial statement requiring restatement. Further, in the event that the Plan Administrator, in its reasonable
judgment, determines that you breached Section 7 (Confidential Information), or Section 5.D. of the Employment Agreement, the
Plan Administrator may require you to forfeit, return or repay to the Company all or any portion of the Cash Award. For the avoidance
of doubt, any such forfeiture, return or repayment will not limit, restrict or otherwise affect your continuing obligations under Section 7
(Confidential Information) or Section 5.D of the Employment Agreement, or the Companys right to seek injunctive relief or
any other relief in the event of your breach of Section 7 (Confidential Information) or Section 5.D of the Employment Agreement.

25. Changes
to Forfeiture Provisions and Policies. Please note Section 24 (Forfeiture for Misconduct and Repayment of Certain Amounts), which
reflects an important policy of the Company. The Plan Administrator has determined that Awards made under the Plan (including the Cash
Award represented by this Agreement) are subject to forfeiture and recoupment in certain circumstances. By accepting this Cash Award,
you agree that the Plan Administrator may change the Forfeiture section of any or all of the grant agreements (including this Agreement)
from time to time without your further consent to reflect changes in law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirements or
Company policy.

26. Company
Information. You can access the Companys most recent annual, quarterly and current reports as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the Companys website at www.qvcgrp.com. Please refer to these reports as well as the Companys
future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (also available on the Companys website) for important information regarding
the Company and its Common Stock.

D-10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm257914d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

David Rawlinson and QVC Group, Inc. Agree
to New Three-Year Deal

Rawlinsons term as President and CEO
extended through December 31, 2027.

ENGLEWOOD, Co. (Friday, Feb. 28, 2025) QVC Group, Inc.
and David Rawlinson have reached a new agreement that would extend his term as President and CEO through December 31, 2027.

I have been honored to serve as President and CEO of QVC Group
and I am excited about the opportunity ahead for the company. Over the last three years, the team has successfully navigated a tragic
fire, post-COVID retrenchment, and significant levels of cord-cutting, and still driven bottom-line results, Rawlinson said. Now,
we can take a more nimble and more profitable QVC Group and target a return to growth. As shopping grows quickly on social and streaming
platforms, we are well positioned to use our exceptional content creation and selling capabilities to capture market share. We still believe
retail can be joyful and human.

Through the WIN growth strategy, QVC GroupSM will build
on its proud legacy in TV and become a live social shopping company by accelerating its already-successful efforts in social and streaming. The
strategy is grounded in three priorities:

Wherever She Shops: Drive live shopping content to everywhere she spends her time

Inspiring People and Products: Create the worlds leading live social shopping content
engine, inspiring human connection with incredible finds

New Ways of Working: Lean into technology and continuous improvement to fund expansion onto
new platforms and into new audiences

During Davids tenure, he has continued to lead with confidence
and great vision, successfully architecting and delivering the companys multiyear Project Athens initiative, which improved our
profitability despite a challenging macro environment, said Greg Maffei, Executive Chairman, QVC Group, Inc. The Board
and I are confident he can lead QVC Group through its next chapter as we focus on growth and transforming into a live social shopping
company.

# # #

About QVC Group

QVC GroupSM is a live
social shopping company that redefines the shopping experience through video-driven commerce on every screen, from smartphones and tablets
to laptops and TVs. QVC Group brings innovative products, compelling content, and unforgettable moments to millions of shoppers worldwide
via social platforms, streaming apps, ecommerce sites and TV channels, making every screen a doorway to discovery, delight and community.

QVC Group reaches more than 200
million homes worldwide via 15 television channels, which are widely available on cable/satellite TV, free over-the-air TV, and FAST and
other digital livestreaming TV. The retailer also reaches millions of customers via its QVC+ and HSN+ streaming experience, Facebook, Instagram,
TikTok, YouTube, Pinterest, websites, mobile apps, print catalogs, and in-store destinations.

QVC Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: QVCGA, QVCGB, QVCGP) is a Fortune 500
company with six leading retail brands QVC, HSN, Ballard Designs, Frontgate,
Garnet Hill and Grandin Road and other minority interests. Headquartered
in West Chester, Pa., QVC Group has team members in the U.S., the U.K., Germany, Japan, Italy,
Poland and China. For more information, visit qvcgrp.comor follow QVC Group on YouTube
or LinkedIn.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>qrtea-20250227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>qrtea-20250227_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>qrtea-20250227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Class A [Member] 

Common Class B [Member] 

8.0% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>qrtea-20250227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 27, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 001-33982

Entity Registrant Name QVC GROUP, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001355096

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-1288730

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 12300 Liberty Blvd.

Entity Address, City or Town Englewood

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80112

City Area Code 720

Local Phone Number 875-5300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Class A [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Series A Common Stock

Trading Symbol QVCGA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Common Class B [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Series B Common Stock

Trading Symbol QVCGB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

8.0% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 8.0% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock

Trading Symbol QVCGP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
22 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://libertyinteractive.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

qrtea-20250227.xsd 
qrtea-20250227_def.xml 
qrtea-20250227_lab.xml 
qrtea-20250227_pre.xml 
tm257914d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-019250-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm257914d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001355096 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0001355096 

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0001355096 

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0001355096 

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001355096 
8-K 
2025-02-27 
QVC GROUP, INC. 
DE 
001-33982 
84-1288730 
12300 Liberty Blvd. 
Englewood 
CO 
80112 
720 
875-5300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Series A Common Stock 
QVCGA 
NASDAQ 
Series B Common Stock 
QVCGB 
NASDAQ 
8.0% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
QVCGP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>