<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001079973-25-000590.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0001079973-25-000590.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250402161525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-25-000590
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001807893
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTION [6159]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				812624094
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56243
		FILM NUMBER:		25804694

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13590 SW 134TH AVE
		STREET 2:		#214
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33186
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 232-2752

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13590 SW 134TH AVE
		STREET 2:		#214
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33186
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>spfx_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000180789300018078932025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 31, 2025

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Florida 000-56243 81-2624094

(State or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer

of Incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

13590 SW 134th Avenue, Suite 214,
Miami, FL33186

(Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip
Code)

305-232-2752

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers;
Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory

Arrangements or Certain Officers. 

On March 31, 2025, Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. (the Company)
amended and restated the employment agreements of William Koppelmann, its President and Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Krogol, its
Chief Financial Officer. The new employment agreements with Mr. Koppelmann and Mr. Krogol have a term of five (5) years. The agreements
reported herein have been approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors and the Board of Directors.

William Koppelmann

The Amended and Restated Employment Agreement provides for the following
compensation:

(a) Base salary at the rate of $275,000 per year.

(b) An annual bonus pursuant to a Performance Based Cash Award Agreement
with a target annual bonus of 100% of base salary based on the size of the Companys credit facility (up to 20% of the target annual
bonus), the interest rate on the credit facility (up to 10% of the target bonus), the improvement of the Companys annual diluted
earnings per share (up to 50% of the target bonus) and the listing of the Companys common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market (up
to 20% of the target bonus).

(c) A one-time grant of 25,000 performance based restricted stock units
(RSU) under the Companys Equity Incentive Plan. Each RSU converts to one share of common stock upon vesting. Vesting of the RSUs
is subject to growth rate of the Companys improvement of the Companys annual diluted earnings per share (up to 70% of the
target bonus) and the listing of the Companys common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market (up to 30% of the target bonus).

(d) A grant of 5,000 RSUs which will vest and convert to one share of common
stock at the rate of 1,000 per year based on Mr. Koppelmanns continued employment with the Company through December 31 of 2025
through 2029. If Mr. Koppelmanns employment is terminated by the Company without cause or after a change of control of the Company
or should Mr. Koppelmann terminate his employment for good reason any unvested RSUs will thereupon vest. If Mr. Koppelmanns employment
is terminated for cause or by Mr. Koppelmann without good reason the unvested RSUs will expire.

Mr. Koppelmann shall also be entitled to participate in all benefits available
to the Companys senior executive officers.

Brian Krogol

The Amended and Restated Employment Agreement provides for the following
compensation:

(a) Base salary at the rate of $175,000 per year.

(b) An annual bonus pursuant to a Performance Based Cash Award Agreement
with a target annual bonus of 100% of base salary based on the size of the Companys credit facility (up to 20% of the target annual
bonus), the interest rate on the credit facility (up to 10% of the target bonus), the improvement of the Companys annual diluted
earnings per share (up to 50% of the target bonus) and the listing of the Companys common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market (up
to 20% of the target bonus).

(c) A one-time grant of 12,500 performance based restricted stock units
(RSU) under the Companys Equity Incentive Plan. Each RSU converts to one share of common stock upon vesting. Vesting of the RSUs
is subject to growth rate of the Companys improvement of the Companys annual diluted earnings per share (up to 70% of the
target bonus) and the listing of the Companys common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market (up to 30% of the target bonus).

(d) A grant of 5,000 RSUs which will vest and convert to one share of common
stock at the rate of 1,000 per year based on Mr. Krogol continued employment with the Company through December 31 of 2025 through 2029.
If Mr. Krogols employment is terminated by the Company without cause or after a change of control of the Company or should Mr.
Krogol terminate his employment for good reason any unvested RSUs will thereupon vest. If Mr. Krogols employment is terminated
for cause or by Mr. Krogol without good reason the unvested RSUs will expire.

Mr. Krogol shall also be entitled to participate in all benefits available
to the Companys senior executive officers.

The above summary of the amended and restated employment agreements
and related agreements is not complete and is qualified by reference to the terms of the agreements, copies of which are filed as exhibits
in this Report and incorporated herein.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description 

10.1 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated March 31, 2025 between Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. and William Koppelmann.

10.2 

Performance-Based Cash Award Agreement dated March 31, 2025 between Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. and William Koppelmann.

10.3 

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement dated March 31, 2025 between Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. and William Koppelmann.

10.4 

Restricted Stock Unit Agreement dated March 31, 2025 between Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. and William Koppelmann.

10.5 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated March 31, 2025 between Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. and Brian Krogol.

10.6 

Performance-Based Cash Award Agreement dated March 31, 2025 between Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. and Brian Krogol.

10.7 

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement dated March 31, 2025 between Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. and Brian Krogol.

10.8 

Restricted Stock Unit Agreement dated March 31, 2025 between Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. and Brian Krogol.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

Dated: April 2, 3025 By: /s/ William J. Koppelmann

William J. Koppelmann

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10x1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH WILLIAM KOPPELMANN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of March 31, 2025 (the "Effective Date"),
by and between Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation (the "Company"), and William Koppelmann
("Executive"). Where the context permits, references to "the Company" shall include the Company and any successor
of the Company.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, effective as of
May 12, 2016, Executive was appointed to serve as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer and as Chairman of the Companys
Board of Directors;

WHEREAS, Executive and
the Company are parties to that certain Employment Agreement dated as of June 29, 2022 (the Original Agreement);
and

WHEREAS, the Company and
Executive mutually desire to enter into this Agreement, which amends and restates the Original Agreement and sets forth the terms and
conditions of Executive's continued employment, and shall supersede and replace any other agreements in respect thereof, except as otherwise
provided herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements herein contained, together with other good and valuable consideration the receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:

1. SERVICES
AND DUTIES. Subject to Section 2 hereof, Executive shall, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, be employed by the Company as the
President and Chief Executive Officer (the "CEO") and shall report directly to the Company's Board of Directors (the
"Board"). The principal location of Executive's employment with the Company shall be the same as Executive's principal
location of employment as of the Effective Date, although Executive understands and agrees that Executive may be required to travel from
time to time for business reasons. During the Term (as defined in Section 2 hereof), Executive shall be a full-time employee of the Company
and shall dedicate all of Executive's working time to the Company and shall have no other employment and no other business ventures which
are undisclosed to the Company or which conflict with Executive's duties under this Agreement. Executive shall perform such duties as
are normally associated with Executive's position, together with such additional duties, commensurate with Executive's position, as may
be assigned to Executive from time to time by the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prohibit Executive from (i)
participating in trade associations or industry organizations which are related to the business of the Company or engaging in activities
for charitable, civic or political organizations (including serving as a member of the board of such organization), (ii) engaging in personal
investment activities for Executive and Executive's family that do not give rise to any conflicts of interest with the Company or its
"Affiliates" (as defined below), or (iii) subject to the prior approval of the Board, which shall not be unreasonably withheld,
serving as a member of the board of directors of any for-profit entity that does not give rise to any conflict of interests with the Company
or its Affiliates, in each case so long as the activities in (i), (ii), and (iii) above do not interfere, individually or in the aggregate,
with the performance of Executive's duties hereunder.

2. TERM.
Executive's continued employment under the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall expire
on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"). The term of Executive's employment under this
Agreement shall be automatically extended on each anniversary of the Effective Date commencing with the date of the scheduled expiration
of the Initial Term for an additional one-year term (each, a "Renewal Term"). The Initial Term and any Renewal Term are
collectively referred to herein as the "Term," and the Term shall continue as described in the preceding sentence unless
either Executive or the Company has given written notice (a Notice of Non-Renewal) to the other no less than ninety
(90) days prior to the expiration of the Term that the Term shall not be so extended. Notwithstanding the above, the Term shall earlier
expire immediately upon the termination of Executive's employment pursuant to Section 5 hereof.

1

3. COMPENSATION.

(a) Base
Salary. Effective as of the Effective Date, the Company agrees to pay Executive a base salary in the amount of Two Hundred and Seventy
Five Thousand dollars ($275,000) per annum (the "Base Salary"), payable in such installments as the Company pays its
similarly placed employees (but not less frequently than each calendar month), subject to employee contributions to any health, welfare
and/or retirement programs in which Executive is enrolled. Executive's Base Salary shall be reviewed annually (with such first annual
review to occur with respect to Base Salary effective January 1, 2026) and may be increased from time to time at the Board's sole discretion,
but in no event shall the Base Salary be reduced without Executive's approval.

(b) Annual
Bonus. In addition to the Base Salary, for each calendar year ending during the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive a bonus
("Annual Bonus"), subject to the terms of the Company's incentive compensation plan for senior executive officers as
in effect from time to time (the "Bonus Plan"), and any effective Performance-Based Cash Award Agreement between the
Company and Executive, with a target Annual Bonus of one-hundred percent (100%) of the cumulative Base Salary paid to Executive during
such calendar year (including base salary paid prior to the Effective Date). Provided Executive is employed as of December 31 of the applicable
calendar year, the Annual Bonus in respect of such year shall be paid to Executive, in cash, no later than thirty (30) days following
completion of the Company's audit for the applicable year, which the Company shall endeavor in good faith to complete within three (3)
months following the last day of such year; provided, however, that in no event shall the Annual Bonus be paid
to Executive prior to January 1 or later than December 31 of the year following the year to which such Annual Bonus relates.

(c) Annual
Long Term Incentive Compensation Awards. At least annually during the Term beginning in 2025 and beyond, the Compensation Committee
of the Board shall consider Executive for a grant of long-term incentive awards at a level commensurate with Executive's position, and
in a form and on terms no less favorable than as provided to other senior executive officers of the Company (the "Annual Long
Term Incentives Awards"); provided, that any reduction to such annual awards shall be subject to clause (iii) of the definition
of Good Reason (as defined below).

(d) Existing
Long-Term Incentive Awards. All long-term incentive awards made prior to the Effective Date shall continue to be governed by the applicable
terms of such awards (such grants, together with any Annual Long Term Incentive Awards, the "LTI Awards"), subject to
Sections 5(e) and 7 hereof.

(e) Withholding.
All taxable compensation payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to any applicable withholding taxes and such
other taxes as are required under Federal law or the law of any state or governmental body to be collected with respect to compensation
paid by the Company to Executive.

4. BENEFITS AND PERQUISITES.

(a) Retirement
and Welfare Benefits. During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to participate in all benefit plans made available to the Company's
senior executive officers. Such benefits shall be subject to the applicable limitations and requirements imposed by the terms of such
benefit plans and shall be governed in all respects in accordance with the terms of such plans as from time to time in effect. Nothing
in this Section 4, however, shall require the Company to maintain any benefit plan or provide any type or level of benefits to its current
or former employees, including Executive.

(b) Paid
Time Off. During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to participate in the paid time off policy generally applicable to the Company's
senior executive officers, as it may be amended from time to time.

(c) Reimbursement
of Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive for any expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by Executive during the Term
in furtherance of Executive's duties hereunder, including travel, meals and accommodations, upon submission by Executive of vouchers or
receipts and in compliance with such rules and policies relating thereto as the Company may from time to time adopt.

2

5.TERMINATION.
Executive's employment shall be terminated at the earliest to occur of the following: (i) the end of the Term, unless Executive agrees
to continue employment with the Company on an at-will basis; (ii) the date on which the Board delivers written notice that Executive is
being terminated for "Disability" (as defined below); or (iii) the date of Executive's death. In addition, Executive's employment
with the Company may be earlier terminated (1) by the Company for "Cause" (as defined below), effective on the date on which
a written notice to such effect is delivered to Executive; (2) by the Company at any time without Cause, effective on the date on which
a written notice to such effect is delivered to Executive or such other date as is reasonably designated by the Company; (3) by Executive
for "Good Reason" (as defined below), effective on the date on which a written notice to such effect is delivered to the Company,
but in no event prior to the expiration of the thirty (30) day period that the Company has to fully correct the circumstances giving rise
to such Good Reason pursuant to this Agreement; or (4) by Executive at any time, effective thirty (30) days following the date on which
a written notice to such effect is delivered to the Company.

(a) For
Cause Termination or Voluntary Resignation by Executive Without Good Reason. If Executive's employment with the Company is terminated
by the Company for Cause, or if Executive voluntarily resigns his employment without Good Reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any
further compensation or benefits other than, in each case if applicable as of the date of termination: (i) any accrued but unpaid Base
Salary (payable as provided in Section 3(a) hereof); (ii) any Annual Bonus earned but unpaid as of the date of termination for any previously
completed year, payable as set forth in Section 3(b) hereof; (iii) reimbursement for any business expenses properly incurred by Executive
prior to the date of termination in accordance with Section 4(d) hereof, payable on the Company's first regularly scheduled payroll date
which occurs at least ten (10) days after the date of termination; and (iv) vested benefits, if any, to which Executive may be entitled
under the Company's employee benefit plans as of the date of termination (collectively, the "Accrued Benefits"). For
the avoidance of doubt, the LTI Awards shall be treated as provided in the applicable long-term incentive plan and award agreement governing
such awards.

(b) Termination
by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason (Other than Within Eighteen (18) Months Following a Change in Control).
In the event that Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason prior to the
end of the Term, in each case other than within eighteen (18) months following a Change in Control (as defined below), and,
with respect to clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) below, Executive timely provides the Company with an enforceable Release (as
defined below) in accordance with Sections 5(f) and 5(g) hereof, then Executive shall be entitled to, in each case if applicable as of
the date of termination:

(i) the Accrued Benefits;

(ii) one-hundred
and fifty percent (150%) of the sum of (A) the Executive's Base Salary at the current rate of Base Salary in effect at the date of termination
or, if greater, before the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to Good Reason and (B) the Executives target Annual Bonus
for the year of termination;

(iii) an
Annual Bonus (to the extent earned under the terms of the Bonus Plan based on performance, but without regard to any requirement of continued
employment) for the year of termination, pro-rated based on the number of days Executive was employed by the Company during such year
and payable as set forth in Section 3(b) hereof (the "Pro-Rated Annual Bonus");

3

(iv) to
the extent Executive is then eligible for, and elects COBRA continuation benefits pursuant to Section 4980B of the Code and Section 601,
et. seq. of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("COBRA"), under the Company's medical plan
(including dependent coverage where applicable) in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan, as such plan may be amended from
time to time, the Company will continue to pay for current coverage (minus the amount of the then-applicable employee contribution portion)
for a period of 18 months following termination of employment (exclusive of any tax consequences to the recipient(s) on resulting coverage
or benefits) as if Executive were still an active employee of the Company (subject to the following provisions hereunder, the "Severance
Benefits"). For the avoidance of doubt, the parties mutually agree any Severance Benefits paid during any period following the
Executives termination shall run concurrently with the applicable COBRA continuation period and Executive shall be solely responsible
for the full cost of any health premiums for the continuation of COBRA coverage which may extend past such period, if any. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive's Severance Benefits coverage shall end earlier than 18 months following termination of employment as follows
(A) the date of any material breach of the provisions of this Agreement by Executive, or (B) the date Executive first becomes eligible
for medical coverage under another employer's plan, program or other arrangement of any type or description, without regard to whether
Executive neglects, refuses or otherwise fails to take any action required for enrollment in such other plan, program or other arrangement.
Executive shall provide notice to the Company in writing within seven (7) days of becoming eligible for any such alternate coverage; and

(v) the
treatment of the LTI Awards as provided in the applicable long-term incentive plan and award agreement governing such awards.

(c)Death
or Disability. If Executive's employment is terminated by reason of Executive's death or Disability prior to the end of the Term,
in lieu of any other payments or benefits, Executive (or Executive's beneficiary or estate, as applicable) shall be entitled to (i) the
Accrued Benefits, and (ii) the Pro-Rated Annual Bonus, subject, in the event Executive's employment is terminated by reason of Disability,
to Executive's timely provision to the Company of the Release in accordance with Sections 5(f) and 5(g) hereof. For the avoidance of doubt,
the LTI Awards shall be treated as provided in the applicable long-term incentive plan and award agreement governing such awards.

(d) Termination
by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason Within Eighteen (18) Months Following a Change in Control. If Executives
employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason prior to the end of the Term, in each case
within eighteen (18) months following a Change in Control, and, with respect to clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) below, Executive timely provides
the Company with the Release in accordance with Sections 5(f) and 5(g) hereof, then Executive shall be entitled to, in each case if applicable
as of the date of termination:

(i) the
Accrued Benefits;

(ii) two-hundred
percent (200%) of the sum of (A) the Executive's Base Salary at the current rate of Base Salary in effect at the date of termination or,
if greater, before the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to Good Reason and (B) the Executives target Annual Bonus for
the year of termination;

(iii) the
target Annual Bonus for the year of termination, pro-rated based on the number of days Executive was employed by the Company during such
year;

(iv) the
Severance Benefits; and

(v) the
treatment of the LTI Awards as provided in the applicable long-term incentive plan and award agreement governing such awards.

(e) Non-Renewal.
Termination of Executive's employment within thirty (30) days of the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term following the provision
of a Notice of Non-Renewal by the Company shall be treated as a termination of Executive's employment without Cause, including for purposes
of Section 5(b) and 5(d) (and shall be treated as having occurred prior to the end of the Term for purposes thereof), and for purposes
of any LTI Award.

(f) Payment
of Severance Pay and Severance Benefits. Severance amounts under Section 5(b)(ii) will be paid to Executive in periodic installments
over eighteen (18) months on the Company's regular payroll dates (the Severance Pay Period), with such payments commencing
as of the Severance Commencement Date (as defined below). Severance amounts under Section 5(d)(ii) and 5(d)(iii) will be paid to Executive
in a lump sum on the Severance Commencement Date. For purposes of this Agreement, Severance Commencement Date means the
first payroll period commencing on or after the date the Release becomes effective and after the expiration of the seven (7) day revocation
period (as described in Section 5(g) hereof). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, payments of amounts under Section
5(b)(ii) and (iii), the Pro-Rata Bonus under Section 5(c) if Executives employment is terminated by reason of Disability, and amounts
under Section 5(d)(ii) and (iii) (as applicable, the Severance Pay), and continued provision of the Severance Benefits,
shall be conditioned on Executive having signed and returned a Release and the seven (7) day revocation period (as described in Section
5(g) hereof) for the signed Release having expired, in all instances, within sixty (60) days of Executives termination date (the
Release Period). If a signed Release is not returned, Executive revokes the Release or the seven (7) day revocation
period has not expired within the Release Period, Executive shall forfeit all Severance Pay and the right to any continued Severance Benefits
(as of the date of revocation or the Severance Commencement Date, whichever is earlier). All taxes and other deductions required by law,
and any additional undisputed sums owing the Company shall be deducted from any Severance Pay and/or Severance Benefits. Any benefits
that accrue under this Section 5, if any, are net of any such amount other than taxes and other deductions required by law. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Release Period begins in one calendar year (the earlier year) and ends in the subsequent calendar
year, then in no event shall any payment under this Section 5 that is contingent upon the return and effectiveness of the Release be made
in the earlier year and, if such payment is delayed under this sentence to the subsequent year (and is otherwise required to be made under
this Agreement), such payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable in the subsequent year and the remaining payments
shall continue until the expiration of the Severance Pay Period, if applicable, subject to the provisions of this Agreement.

4

(g) Waiver and Release.

(i) In order to receive the Severance
Pay or to continue to receive the Severance Benefits provided for under this Section 5, Executive must execute and submit to the Company
a signed, enforceable release (the "Release") reasonably satisfactory to the Company pursuant to the time periods of
the applicable Release and within forty-five (45) days of receiving the Release. In the Release, Executive will waive all claims or causes
of action arising out of or related to his employment and the termination of his employment, other than claims or causes of action for
his entitlements under Sections 5(b), 5(c), or 5(d) as applicable, related to his status as a stockholder of the Company, or for indemnification
or liability insurance coverage. Such Release shall be provided to Executive within three (3) business days of the date of Executive's
termination of employment. Executive may revoke his signed Release within seven (7) days of signing such Release, provided such revocation
is made in accordance with the provisions for revocation set forth below. Any such revocation must be made in writing and must be received
by the Company within such seven (7) day period. If Executive timely revokes his Release he shall not be eligible to receive any Severance
Pay or continue to receive Severance Benefits under this Section 5 effective on the date of such revocation. If Executive timely submits
a signed Release and does not exercise his right of revocation and/or the revocation period expires prior to the expiration of the Release
Period he shall be eligible to receive Severance Pay and continue to receive Severance Benefits under this Section 5. Executive's acceptance
and right to retention of Severance Pay and/or Severance Benefits are contingent upon the terms of this Agreement and full compliance
with the terms of the Release.

(ii) Executive
must acknowledge in the Release that the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement or in any long-term incentive award agreements
or any predecessor or successor plan and any and all other agreements between Executive and the Company or to which Executive is a party,
relating to non-competition, non-solicitation of employees, clients and others, non-disparagement and confidentiality will remain in force
for the period specified therein and the Severance Pay that Executive may be entitled to pursuant to this Agreement is additional consideration
for such restrictive covenants. In addition, the Release will provide that the Executive must fully cooperate with the Company, its attorneys,
agents, representatives, and employees with respect to legal and business matters that are either known at the time of Executives
separation from service or that may later become known. Cooperation includes but is not limited to release of documents, review of documents,
and attending depositions, hearings, and trials on reasonable notice. The Release will not contain any further restrictions or other covenants
to which Executive must agree.

(h)Definitions.
For purposes of this Agreement:

"Affiliate" means
an affiliate of the Company (or other referenced entity, as the case may be) as defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under Section 12 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

"Beneficial Owner"
shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act.

"Cause" shall
mean and be limited to the following: (i) conviction of, or guilty plea concerning or confession of any felony, (ii) any act of fraud,
theft or embezzlement committed by Executive in connection with the Company's or its subsidiaries' business, (iii) any material breach
by Executive of this Agreement, after written notice thereof from the Board is given in writing and such breach is not cured to the satisfaction
of the Company within a reasonable period of time (not greater than thirty (30) days) under the circumstances; (iv) any material breach
of any reasonable and lawful rule or directive of the Board which is consistent with Executive's position as CEO, (v) the gross or willful
neglect of duties or gross misconduct by Executive; or (vi) the habitual use of illegal drugs or habitual, excessive use of alcohol to
the extent that any of such uses in the Board's good faith determination materially interferes with the performance of Executive's duties
to the Company.

5

"Change in Control"
shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
(not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or any of its Affiliates)
representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities; (ii) the following
individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors then serving on the Board: individuals who, on December
31, 2024, constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an
actual or threatened election contest, including, but not limited to, a consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors of
the Company) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved or
recommended by a vote of at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the directors then still in office who either were directors on December
31, 2024 or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended; (iii) there is consummated
a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with any other corporation, other than a
merger or consolidation immediately following which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately prior thereto constitute at least
a majority of the Board of the entity surviving such merger or consolidation or, if the Company or the entity surviving such merger is
then a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof; or (iv) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution
of the Company or there is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys
assets, other than (i) a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to an entity, at
least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of the Company following
the completion of such transaction in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale
or (ii) a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets immediately following which the individuals who
comprise the Board immediately prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the entity to which such assets
are sold or disposed or, if such entity is a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(i) a Change in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated
transactions immediately following which the holders of the common stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series
of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company immediately following such transaction or series of transactions and (ii) for each amounts due hereunder that constitutes
deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and solely to the
extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, a Change in Control shall be deemed
to have occurred under this Agreement with respect to such amount only if a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company
or a change in ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company shall also be deemed to have occurred under Section 409A
of the Code, subject to an increases in the percentages provided hereunder as those provided for in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5).

"Disability"
means, as determined by the Board in good faith following the Boards receipt of a written determination of Executives physician,
of Executive's inability, due to disability or incapacity, to perform all of Executive's duties hereunder on a full-time basis for (i)
periods aggregating one hundred eighty (180) days, whether or not continuous, in any continuous period of three hundred and sixty five
(365) days or, (ii) where Executive's absence is adversely affecting the performance of the Company in a significant manner, periods greater
than ninety (90) days and Executive is unable to resume Executive's duties on a full time basis within ten (10) days of receipt of written
notice of the Board's determination under this clause (ii).

"Excise Tax"
means the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto, or any similar tax imposed by state or local
law, or any interest or penalties with respect to such excise tax.

6

"Good Reason"
means the occurrence, without the express prior written consent of Executive, of any of the following circumstances, unless such circumstances
are fully corrected by the Company within thirty (30) days following written notification by Executive (which written notice must be delivered
within ninety (90) days of the occurrence of such circumstances) that Executive intends to terminate Executive's employment for one of
the reasons set forth below: (i) the failure by the Company to pay to Executive any portion of Executive's Base Salary or Annual Bonus
within thirty (30) days following the date such compensation is due; (ii) the relocation of Executive's principal office at the Company
to a location outside a fifty (50) mile radius from Executive's present principal office location with the Company; (iii) Executive is
assigned duties, compensation or responsibilities that are materially reduced with respect to the scope or nature of his duties, compensation
and/or responsibilities immediately prior to such assignment; and (iv) any material breach by the Company of this Agreement. Executive's
right to terminate employment for Good Reason must be exercised by Executive within six (6) months following the initial existence of
the condition that constitutes Good Reason, otherwise Executive's right to terminate employment for Good Reason shall be deemed to have
been waived.

"Person" shall
have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except that such
term shall not include (i) the Company, its Affiliates or any of their respective subsidiaries, (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding
securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities
pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company.

(i)Resignation
as Officer or Director. Upon a termination of employment for any reason, unless requested otherwise by the Company, Executive shall
resign each position (if any) that Executive then holds as an officer or director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Executive's
execution of this Agreement shall be deemed the grant by Executive to the officers of the Company of a limited power of attorney to sign
in Executive's name and on Executive's behalf any such documentation as may be required to be executed solely for the limited purposes
of effectuating such resignations.

(j)Section
409A. It is intended that (i) each installment of the payments provided under this Agreement is a separate "payment" for
purposes of Section 409A of the Code, and (ii) the payments satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application
of Section 409A of the Code provided under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v). Notwithstanding
anything contained to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties
under Section 409A of the Code, Executive shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of this
Agreement and no payments shall be due to Executive under Section 5 hereof until Executive would be considered to have incurred a "separation
from service" (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
if the Company determines (1) that on the date Executive's employment with the Company terminates or at such other time that the Company
determines to be relevant, Executive is a "specified employee" (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(i)(1))
of the Company and (2) that any payments to be provided to Executive pursuant to this Agreement are or may become subject to the additional
tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code or any other taxes or penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code, if provided at the
time otherwise required under this Agreement, then such payments shall be delayed until the date that is six (6) months after the date
of Executive's "separation from service" (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)) with the Company, or,
if earlier, the date of Executive's death. Any payments delayed pursuant to this Section 5(j) shall be made in a lump sum on the first
day of the seventh (7th) month following Executive's "separation from service" (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation
1.409A-1(h)), or, if earlier, the date of Executive's death. In addition, to the extent that any expenses, reimbursement, fringe benefit
or other, similar plan or arrangement in which Executive participates during the term of Executives employment under this Agreement
(including any reimbursements under Section 4(d) hereof) or thereafter provides for a deferral of compensation within the
meaning of Section 409A, then such amount shall be reimbursed in accordance with Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) of the Treasury Regulations,
including (i) the amount eligible for reimbursement or payment under such plan or arrangement in one calendar year may not affect the
amount eligible for reimbursement or payment in any other calendar year (except that a plan providing medical or health benefits may impose
a generally applicable limit on the amount that may be reimbursed or paid), (ii) subject to any shorter time periods provided herein or
the applicable plans or arrangements, any reimbursement or payment of an expense under such plan or arrangement must be made on or before
the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred, and (iii) the right to any reimbursement
or in-kind benefit is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. For purposes of the payment of the Severance Benefits,
the Company may treat the amounts paid by it for premiums as taxable to the Executive or make such payments (less any required withholding)
directly to the Executive to the extent required to avoid adverse consequences to the Executive or the Company under either Section 105(h)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 as
amended, and/or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, as amended (to the extent applicable) (collectively, the PPACA);
provided, further, that the Company may modify or discontinue Severance Benefits to the extent reasonably necessary to avoid the imposition
of any excise taxes on the Company for failure to comply with the nondiscrimination requirements of the PPACA (to the extent applicable).
The Company and the Executive acknowledge that this Agreement shall be deemed a notice and non-renewal by both parties of the Original
Agreement and entry into a new agreement providing for the understanding between the parties related to the subject matter hereof.

7

6.COVENANTS.
The Executive understands the Company has developed, and is continuing to develop, substantial relationships with actual and prospective
officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, customers, referral sources, clients, vendors, suppliers, investors, and equity and
financing sources, associate and customer goodwill, and confidential and proprietary business information and trade secrets, which the
Company and its subsidiaries and Affiliates have the right to protect in order to safeguard their legitimate business interests. Any misappropriation
of such relationships or goodwill, or any improper disclosure or use of the Companys and its subsidiaries and Affiliates
confidential and proprietary business information and trade secrets would be highly detrimental to their business interests in that serious
and substantial loss of business and pecuniary damages would result therefrom. The Executive acknowledges that during the period of his
employment with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate, he shall have access to the Companys Confidential Information (as defined
below) and will meet and develop such relationships and goodwill. Nothing contained in this Section 6 shall limit any common law or statutory
obligation that the Executive may have to the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate. For purposes of this Section 6, the Company
refers to the Company and any incorporated or unincorporated affiliates of the Company, including any entity which becomes the Executives
employer as a result of any reorganization or restructuring of the Company for any reason. The Company shall be entitled, in connection
with its tax planning or other reasons, to terminate the Executives employment (which termination shall not be considered a termination
for any purposes of this Agreement or otherwise) in connection with an invitation from another affiliate of the Company to accept employment
with such affiliate in which case the terms and conditions hereof shall apply to the Executives employment relationship with such
entity mutatis mutandis.

(a)Noncompetition.
The Executive agrees that during the period of his employment with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate and for the one (1) year
period immediately following the termination of such employment for any reason or for no reason, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly,
either as a principal, agent, employee, employer, consultant, partner, shareholder of a closely held corporation or shareholder in excess
of five percent of a publicly traded corporation, corporate officer or director, or in any other individual or representative capacity,
engage or otherwise participate in any manner or fashion in any business that is a Competing Business. For purposes of this Section 6(a),
Competing Business means a business (which shall include any sole proprietorship, partnership, limited partnership, limited
liability partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other for-profit or not-for-profit business organization) engaged in
the business of financing insurance premiums within the United States.

(b)Solicitation
of Employees, Clients, Referral Sources, Vendors, Etc. The Executive agrees that during the period of his employment with the
Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate, and for the one (1) year period immediately following the date of termination of such employment
for any reason, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, jointly or individually, on Executives own behalf or on behalf
of or in assistance to any individual, person or entity, for any purpose or in any place:

(i) solicit
for employment or service, hire, employ or retain the services of any Covered Employee (as defined below) or induce or encourage any Covered
Employee to terminate or sever his, his or its employment or other relationship with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate or any
of their successors or assigns; or

(ii) solicit
business from any Covered Person (as defined below) or induce or encourage any Covered Person to terminate, change or reduce his, her
or its relationship with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate or any of their successors or assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
a general advertisement or solicitation for employment that is not targeted and that does not have the effect of being targeted to any
current or former Covered Employee or Covered Person shall not, by itself, be deemed to be a violation of the restrictions on solicitation
contained in this Section 6(b). For purposes of this Section 6(b), "Covered Employee" shall mean any officer, director, employee,
consultant or agent who is employed or engaged by the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate or any of their successors or assigns or
was so employed or engaged at any time during the twelve (12) months prior to the Executives termination of employment, and "Covered
Person" shall mean any customers, residents, patients, referral sources, clients, vendors, suppliers, investors, equity or financing
sources, or consultants of the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate or any of their successors or assigns.

8

(c)Disparaging
Comments. The Company and Executive agree that during the period of Executive's employment with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate,
and any time thereafter, (i) Executive shall not make any disparaging or defamatory comments regarding the Company or any subsidiary or
Affiliate or any of their successors or assigns, and the Company and its Affiliates shall not make or issue any public statements which
are disparaging or defamatory regarding Executive, and (ii) after termination of Executive's employment relationship with the Company,
neither party shall make any comments concerning any aspect of the termination of their relationship. The obligations of the Company or
Executive under this paragraph shall not apply to disclosures required by applicable law, regulation or order of any court or governmental
agency.

(d)Confidentiality.
All books of account, records, systems, correspondence, documents, memoranda, manuals, email, electronic or magnetic recordings or data
and any and all other data, in whatever form and any copies thereof, concerning or containing any reference to the works and business
of the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate shall belong to the Company and shall be given up to the Company whenever the Company requires
the Executive to do so. The Executive agrees that the Executive shall not at any time during the term of the Executives employment
with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate, or at any time thereafter, without the Company's prior written consent, disclose to any
individual, person or entity any information or any trade secrets, plans or other information or data, in whatever form (including, without
limitation, (a) any financing strategies and practices, pricing information and methods, training and operational procedures, advertising,
marketing, and sales information or methodologies or financial information and (b) any Proprietary Information (as defined below)), concerning
the Company's or any subsidiary's or Affiliate's or any of their customers', referral sources' or clients' practices, businesses, procedures,
systems, plans or policies (collectively, "Confidential Information"), nor shall the Executive utilize any such Confidential
Information in any way or communicate with or contact any such customer, referral source or client other than in connection with the Executives
employment by the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate. The Executive hereby confirms that all Confidential Information constitutes
the Company's exclusive property, and that all of the restrictions on the Executives activities contained in this Agreement and
such other nondisclosure policies of the Company are required for the Company's reasonable protection. Confidential Information shall
not include any information that has otherwise been disclosed to the public not in violation of this Agreement. This confidentiality provision
shall survive the termination of this Agreement and shall not be limited by any other confidentiality agreements entered into with the
Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement (or any other Company policy or contract
to which the Executive is or was subject) shall be construed to prohibit the Executive from communicating with any federal, state or local
governmental agency or commission with oversight of the Company, as provided for, protected under or warranted by applicable law.

With respect to any Confidential Information that
constitutes a "trade secret" pursuant to applicable law, the restrictions described above shall remain in force for so long
as the particular information remains a trade secret or for the two (2) year period immediately following termination of the Executives
employment for any reason, whichever is longer. With respect to any Confidential Information that does not constitute a "trade secret"
pursuant to applicable law, the restrictions described above shall remain in force during Executives employment and for the two
(2) year period immediately following termination of such employment for any reason.

The Executive agrees that the Executive shall promptly
disclose to the Company in writing all information and inventions generated, conceived or first reduced to practice by his alone or in
conjunction with others, during or after working hours, while in the employ of the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate (all of which
is collectively referred to in this Agreement as "Proprietary Information"); provided, however, that such Proprietary Information
shall not include (a) any information that has otherwise been disclosed to the public not in violation of this Agreement and (b) general
business knowledge and work skills of the Executive, even if developed or improved by the Executive while in the employ of the Company
or any subsidiary of Affiliate. All such Proprietary Information shall be the exclusive property of the Company and is hereby assigned
by the Executive to the Company. The Executives obligation relative to the disclosure to the Company of such Proprietary Information
anticipated in this Section 6(d) shall continue beyond the Executives termination of employment and the Executive shall, at the
Company's expense, give the Company all assistance it reasonably requires to perfect, protect and use its right to the Proprietary Information.

9

(e)Enforcement.

(i) The
Executive acknowledges that compliance with all provisions, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and the duration, terms
and geographical area thereof, are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its subsidiaries
and Affiliates.

(ii) The
Executive acknowledges that a breach of the Executives obligations under this Section 6 will result in irreparable and continuing
damage to the Company and/or its subsidiaries and Affiliates for which there is no adequate remedy at law.

(iii) The
Executive acknowledges that the Executives education, experience and/or abilities are such that the enforcement of the restrictive
covenants in this Agreement will not prevent the Executive from earning a living and will not cause any undue hardship upon the Executive.

(iv) In
the event of the violation by the Executive of any of the covenants contained in Section 6, the terms of each such covenant so violated
shall be automatically extended from the date on which the Executive permanently ceases such violation for a period equal to the period
in which the Executive was in breach of the covenant or for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the entry by a court of competent
jurisdiction of an order or judgment enforcing such covenant(s), whichever period is later.

(v) The
Executive agrees that, in the event of any breach of the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement, the Company and/or its subsidiaries
and Affiliates shall be entitled to obtain, from any court of competent jurisdiction, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief to restrain
the violation of the terms hereof by the Executive, and all persons acting for or on the Executives behalf.

(vi) Each
of the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement is independent of any other contractual obligations of this Agreement or otherwise
owed by the Executive to the Company and/or its subsidiaries and Affiliates. The existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive
against the Company and/or its subsidiaries or Affiliates, whether based on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not create a defense to
the enforcement by the Company and/or its subsidiaries and Affiliates of any restrictive covenant contained in this Agreement.

(f) Remedies.

(i) It
is intended that, in view of the nature of the Company's and its subsidiaries' and Affiliates' business, the restrictions contained in
this Agreement are considered reasonable and necessary to protect the Company's and its subsidiaries' and Affiliates' legitimate business
interests and that any violation of these restrictions would result in irreparable injury to the Company and/or its subsidiaries and Affiliates.
In the event of a material breach (a Covenant Breach) or threatened breach of a material term by the Executive, the
Company and its subsidiaries and Affiliates shall be entitled to a temporary restraining order and injunctive relief without the posting
of a bond. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as prohibiting the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates from pursuing any
other legal or equitable remedies available to it or them for any breach or threatened breach of a material term, including, without limitation,
recoupment and other remedies specified in the Agreement. In the event of a dispute regarding, arising out of, or in connection with the
breach, enforcement or interpretation of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any action seeking injunctive relief, the prevailing
party shall recover all reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection therewith.

(ii) In
the event of a Covenant Breach, the Company shall have the authority to cancel or recoup LTI Awards in accordance with the terms of such
awards; provided, that in the case of a Covenant Breach with respect to Section 6(a) and only with respect to LTI Awards granted after
the date of this Agreement, the Company may not exercise such remedy unless Executive shall not have fully corrected such circumstances
within thirty (30) days following written notification from the Company. This remedy shall be in addition to all other remedies, including
those set forth in this Agreement and any other agreements between the parties.

10

7.SECTION
280G.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement to the contrary, in the event that any payment or benefit received
or to be received by Executive (whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement) (all such
payments and benefits, the "Total Payments") would not be deductible (in whole or in part) by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or Affiliates making such payment or providing such benefits as a result of Section 280G of the Code, then, to the extent
necessary to make such portion of the Total Payments deductible, the portion of the Total Payments that do not constitute deferred compensation
within the meaning of Section 409A shall first be reduced (if necessary, to zero) in accordance with Section 409A, and all other Total
Payments shall thereafter be reduced (if necessary, to zero) in accordance with Section 409A with cash payments being reduced before non-cash
payments, and payments to be paid last being reduced first, but only if (i) the net amount of such Total Payments, as so reduced (and
after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after taking into account
the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such reduced Total Payments) is greater than or equal to
(ii) the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (but after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income
taxes on such Total Payments and the amount of Excise Tax to which the Eligible Employee would be subject in respect of such unreduced
Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced
Total Payments).

(b) For purposes
of this limitation, (i) no portion of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which Executive shall have waived at such time and
in such manner as not to constitute a "payment" within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into account;
(ii) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of tax counsel ("Tax Counsel")
reasonably acceptable to Executive and selected by the accounting firm which was, immediately prior to the Change in Control, the Company's
independent auditor (the "Auditor"), does not constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of Section
280G(b)(2) of the Code, including by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code; (iii) the severance payments payable to Executive pursuant
to Section 5 hereof shall be reduced only to the extent necessary so that the Total Payments (other than those referred to in clauses
(i) or (ii) of this paragraph) in their entirety constitute reasonable compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning
of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code or are otherwise not subject to disallowance as deductions by reason of Section 280G of the Code,
in the opinion of Tax Counsel; and (iv) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments
shall be determined by the Auditor in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code.

8.ASSIGNMENT.
This Agreement, and all of the terms and conditions hereof, shall bind the Company and its successors and assigns and shall bind Executive
and Executive's heirs, executors and administrators. No transfer or assignment of this Agreement shall release the Company from any obligation
to Executive hereunder. Neither this Agreement, nor any of the Company's rights or obligations hereunder, may be assigned by Executive,
and any such attempted assignment shall be null and void. The Company may assign the rights and obligations of the Company hereunder,
in whole or in part, to any of the Company's subsidiaries, Affiliates or parent corporations, provided that such subsidiary, Affiliate
or parent corporation directly or indirectly owns all or substantially all of the Company's consolidated assets, or to any other successor
or assign in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the Company's assets or stock or in connection with any merger, acquisition
and/or reorganization, provided the assignee assumes the obligations of the Company hereunder.

9. GENERAL.

(a) Notices.
Any notices provided hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon the earlier of one (1) business day following personal
delivery (including personal delivery by telecopy or telex), or the third (3rd) business day after mailing by first class mail to the
recipient at the address indicated below:

11

To the Company:

General Counsel

Joel Bernstein

2666 Tigertail Ave.,

Suite 104

Miami, FL 33133

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Chairman of the Board

c/o Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc.

13590 SW 134 Ave

Suite 214

Miami, FL 33186

To Executive:

William Koppelmann:

At the address shown in the Company's personnel records or to such other
address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party will have specified by prior written notice to the sending party.

(b) Severability.
Any provision of this Agreement which is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
shall, as to that jurisdiction and subject to this paragraph be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability,
without affecting in any way the remaining provisions hereof in such jurisdiction or rendering that or any other provisions of this Agreement
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any other jurisdiction. If any covenant should be deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction because its scope is considered excessive, such covenant shall be modified so that the scope of the covenant
is reduced only to the minimum extent necessary to render the modified covenant valid, legal and enforceable.

(c) Entire
Agreement. This document, together with all restrictive covenants in any and all agreements between Executive and the Company or to
which Executive is a party, and that certain Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, between the Company and Executive,
constitute the final, complete, and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement and understanding between the parties related to the
subject matter hereof and except as otherwise explicitly set forth in this Agreement, supersedes and preempts any prior or contemporaneous
understandings, agreements, or representations by or between the parties, written or oral.

(d) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed on separate counterparts, any one (1) of which need not contain signatures of more than one (1) party,
but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same agreement.

(e) Amendments.
No amendments or other modifications to this Agreement may be made except by a writing signed by all parties. No amendment or waiver of
this Agreement requires the consent of any individual, partnership, corporation or other entity not a party to this Agreement. Nothing
in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any third person any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.

(f) Choice
of Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
the State of Florida without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law of such state.

(g) Survivorship.
The provisions of this Agreement necessary to carry out the intention of the parties as expressed herein shall survive the termination
or expiration of this Agreement.

(h) Waiver.
The waiver by either party of the other party's prompt and complete performance, or breach or violation, of any provision of this Agreement
shall not operate nor be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or violation, and the failure by any party hereto to exercise
any right or remedy which it may possess hereunder shall not operate nor be construed as a bar to the exercise of such right or remedy
by such party upon the occurrence of any subsequent breach or violation. No waiver shall be deemed to have occurred unless set forth in
a writing executed by or on behalf of the waiving party. No such written waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically
stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver
of such term or condition for the future or as to any act other than that specifically waived.

12

(i) Captions.
The captions of this Agreement are for convenience and reference only and in no way define, describe, extend or limit the scope or intent
of this Agreement or the intent of any provision hereof.

(j) Construction.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement is the result of arm's-length negotiations between sophisticated parties, each afforded representation
by legal counsel. Each and every provision of this Agreement shall be construed as though both parties participated equally in the drafting
of the same, and any rule of construction that a document shall be construed against the drafting party shall not be applicable to this
Agreement.

(k) Arbitration.
Except as necessary for the Company and its subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors or assigns or Executive to specifically enforce or enjoin
a breach of this Agreement, the parties agree that any and all disputes that may arise in connection with, arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, or any dispute that relates in any way, in whole or in part, to Executive's services on behalf of the Company or any
subsidiary, the termination of such services or any other dispute by and between the parties or their subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors
or assigns, shall be submitted to binding arbitration in Miami Dade County, Florida according to the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules
and procedures of the American Arbitration Association. This arbitration obligation extends to any and all claims that may arise by and
between the parties or their subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors or assigns, and expressly extends to, without limitation, claims or
causes of action for wrongful termination, impairment of ability to compete in the open labor market, breach of an express or implied
contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, misrepresentation, defamation, slander,
infliction of emotional distress, disability, loss of future earnings, and claims under the United States Constitution, and applicable
state and federal fair employment laws, federal and state equal employment opportunity laws, and federal and state labor statutes and
regulations, including, but not limited to, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Fair Labor Standards Act, as amended, the Americans
With Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, and any other state or federal law.

(l) Clawback.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any performance-based incentive compensation amounts paid or payable to Executive shall
be subject to forfeiture, reduction, and/or recoupment (i) to the extent provided in the Companys Clawback and Forfeiture Policy,
as it may be amended from time to time; (ii) to the extent that Executive becomes subject to any other recoupment or clawback policy hereafter
adopted by the Company, including any such policy adopted by the Company to comply with the requirements of any applicable laws, rules,
regulations, or stock exchange listing requirements, including pursuant to final SEC rules under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act, or (iii) to the extent provided under applicable legal requirements which impose recoupment, under circumstances
set forth in such applicable legal requirements, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions
of this paragraph apply solely with respect to performance-based short-term or long-term cash or equity-based incentive compensation awarded
on or after December 31, 2024 (and for the avoidance of doubt, such forfeiture, reduction, and/or recoupment shall not apply to short-term
cash incentive compensation paid for a performance period ending prior to, or to performance-based LTI Awards granted prior to, December
31, 2024).

10.EXECUTIVE
REPRESENTATION AND ACCEPTANCE. By signing this Agreement, Executive hereby represents that Executive is not currently under any contractual
obligation to work for another employer and that Executive is not restricted by any agreement or arrangement from entering into this Agreement
and performing Executive's duties hereunder.

[Remainder of page is left blank intentionally]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF AND INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND
THEREBY, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement effective as of the year and date first above written.

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Carl Christian Hoechner 

Name: Carl Christian Hoechner

Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

By: /s/ Margaret Ruiz 

Name: Margaret Ruiz

Title: Secretary

EXECUTIVE

/s/ William Koppelmann

William Koppelmann

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement]

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10x2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PERFORMANCE-BASED CASH AWARD AGREEMENT WITH WILLIAM KOPPELMANN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

PERFORMANCE-BASED CASH AWARD AGREEMENT

This Performance-Based Cash Award
Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025 (the Date of Grant), is made by and between Standard
Premium Finance Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company), and William Koppelmann (the Participant).
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. 2019 Equity
Incentive Plan (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the Plan). Where the context permits, references to the Company
shall include any successor to the Company.

1. Grant of Awards.

(a) The Company hereby grants
to the Participant a cash-based Performance Award (the Award) representing the right to receive a target cash payment of
$275,000 (the Target Award) under the Plan. The Award is comprised of four tranches (each a Tranche), each
of which shall be subject to the applicable performance criteria set forth below and the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.

% of Target Award Performance Criteria Scheduled Vesting Date

First Tranche 20% Exhibit A December 31, 2025

Second Tranche 10% Exhibit B December 31, 2025

Third Tranche 50% Exhibit C December 31, 2025

Fourth Tranche 20% Exhibit D December 31, 2025

(b) Cash payments in addition
to 100% of the target amount for each Tranche may become available to the Participant as set forth in Section 2(a). If and when any such
additional amounts become available, they shall be part of the applicable Tranche and subject to all of the terms and conditions of the
Plan and this Agreement.

2. Vesting.

(a) General. Except
as otherwise provided herein, vesting with respect to each Tranche is subject to the satisfaction of both the Performance Criteria and
the Service Condition (each as defined below) applicable to the Tranche. Subject to the provisions set forth below, each Tranche may vest
on the scheduled vesting date set forth in Section 1(a) (together with any other date on which any portion of this Award may vest pursuant
to this Section 2, a Vesting Date), with the exact percentage of each Tranche that vests to be determined by the degree
to which the Companys performance results meet the applicable performance criteria set forth on Exhibit A through Exhibit
D hereto (the Performance Criteria). Following the completion of the performance period on December 31, 2025 (for the
First, Second, Third and Fourth Tranche), (as applicable, the Measurement Date), the Administrator shall determine the Companys
performance results relative to the applicable Performance Criteria. If the Companys performance results are less than 100% on
the scale set forth in the applicable Performance Criteria, any portion of the applicable Tranche that is not earned shall be forfeited
and be deemed no longer to be part of this Agreement effective as of the Measurement Date. If the Companys performance results
exceed 100% on the scale set forth in the applicable Performance Criteria, any additional portion of the applicable Tranche earned in
excess of the applicable portion of the Target Award (the Additional Award Amount) shall become part of such Tranche effective
as of the applicable Measurement Date. Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, vesting of any portion of this Award on any
Vesting Date is subject to the continued employment of the Participant by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (or a successor
to any of them) from the Date of Grant to such Vesting Date (the Service Condition).

1

(b) Change in Control.

(i) Upon
the occurrence of a Change in Control, if the portion of the Award that is outstanding effective immediately prior to such Change in Control
is not assumed, continued or substituted on the same terms and conditions that were applicable to the Award outstanding effective immediately
prior to the Change in Control, then the entire amount of the outstanding Award (including any unpaid Additional Award Amount that has
been determined for a Tranche having a Measurement Date prior to the Change in Control) that has not yet been forfeited shall vest and
be settled upon the consummation of the Change in Control.

(ii) Upon
the consummation of a Change in Control in which the portion of the Award that is outstanding effective immediately prior to such Change
in Control is assumed, continued or substituted on the same terms and conditions that were applicable to the Award outstanding effective
immediately prior to the Change in Control, such portion of the Award shall continue to vest subject to the Service Condition, and the
Performance Criteria with respect to a particular Tranche shall no longer apply if the Change in Control occurs prior to the Measurement
Date applicable to such Tranche (and for the avoidance of doubt, no Additional Award Amounts shall be paid or payable under this Agreement
with respect to a particular Tranche in the event that a Change in Control occurs prior to the Measurement Date for such Tranche).

(iii) Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 2(b) to the contrary, in the event that the Participants employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries
and Affiliates (or a successor to any of them) is terminated within eighteen (18) months following a Change in Control by the Company
(or such other entity) without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement by and between the
Company and the Participant dated as of March 31, 2025), then the portion of the Award that is outstanding effective on the date of such
termination shall vest effective upon such termination and be paid within 30 days following such termination.

(c) Termination of Employment.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2(c) and Section 2(b)(iii), upon termination of the Participants employment with the
Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates for any reason, any unvested portion of the Award that is outstanding on the date of such
termination shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited and neither the Participant nor any of the Participants
successors, heirs, assigns, or personal representatives shall thereafter have any further rights or interests in such portion of the Award.
In the event that the Participants employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates is terminated by the Company
without Cause or on account of the Participants death or Disability, the following percentages of the applicable Tranches that
are outstanding effective on the date of such termination of employment shall remain outstanding following such termination and shall
be eligible to vest (including any Additional Award Amounts that are so determined) subject to the achievement of the Performance Criteria
as if the Service Condition shall have been met as of the applicable Vesting Date:

(i) 100%
of the Third Tranche and 25% of the First, Second, and Fourth Tranche for such termination that occurs on or prior to February 28, 2026
(with 75% of the First, Second, and Fourth Tranche, to be forfeited at termination);

(ii) 100%
of the Third Tranche and Second Tranche, and 50% of the First, Second, and Fourth Tranche, for such termination that occurs after February
28, 2026 (with 50% of the First, Second, and Fourth Tranche, to be forfeited at termination);

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A)
in the event of a Change in Control following a termination event described in this Section 2(c), the amount of Award outstanding effective
on the date of such Change in Control shall vest and be settled upon the consummation of the Change in Control; and (B) in the event Participants
employment is terminated on account of Disability and Participant did not actively provide services on at least one day in the one-year
period immediately preceding the date set forth in clause (i) or the later date set forth in the applicable clause (ii), (iii), or (iv),
then the treatment of the outstanding Tranches shall be as set forth in the earlier clause for which Participant actively provided services
at least one day in the one-year period immediately preceding such date or later date, as applicable, set forth in such clause (and in
the event that Participant did not actively provide services on at least one day in the one-year period immediately preceding the date
set forth in clause (i), then 100% of the Tranches shall be forfeited at termination).

2

3. Settlement of Award.
As soon as practicable following each Vesting Date (but in no event later than 30 days following the Vesting Date or such earlier time
specified in Section 2(b) or Section 2(c)), the Company shall pay to the Participant an amount of cash equal to the portion of the Award
that has vested pursuant to this Agreement on such date, subject to Section 7.

4. No Rights as a Stockholder.
The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any portion of this Award.

5. Certain Changes.
The Administrator may accelerate the vesting dates or otherwise adjust any of the terms of this Award; provided that, no action under
this Section shall adversely affect the Participants rights hereunder.

6. Notices. All notices
and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by facsimile or first class mail, certified or registered
with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given three days after mailing or 24 hours after transmission by
facsimile to the respective parties, as follows: (i) if to the Company:

General Counsel

Joel Bernstein

2666 Tigertail Ave.,

Suite 104

Miami, FL 33133

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Chairman of the Board

c/o Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc.

13590 SW 134 Ave

Suite 214

Miami, FL 33186

and (ii) if to the Participant,
using the contact information on file with the Company. Either party hereto may change such partys address for notices by notice
duly given pursuant hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any notice or other
communications related to the Award, this Agreement or current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant
hereby consents to receive such notices and other communications by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through
an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the Companys
stock plan service providers website).

7. Taxes and Withholding.
The Participant has reviewed with the Participants own tax advisors the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations
of the Company or any of its agents. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant is responsible for the tax consequences
associated with the grant and vesting of this Award. The Company shall withhold from the payment of any portion of the Award hereunder
such amounts not exceeding the applicable taxes to be withheld and applied to the tax and withholding obligations of the Participant and
the Company as determined by the Company. In making its determination, the Company may calculate such amount by taking into account applicable
withholding rates not exceeding the maximum individual statutory tax rates in the Participants applicable jurisdictions.

8. Failure to Enforce
Not a Waiver. The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be
a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof.

3

9. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its principles of conflict
of laws.

10. Incorporation of
Plan. The Plan is hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof, and the Award and this Agreement shall be subject to all
terms and conditions of the Plan.

11. Amendments; Construction.
The Administrator may amend the terms of this Agreement prospectively or retroactively at any time, but no such amendment shall impair
the rights of the Participant hereunder without the Participants consent. Headings to Sections of this Agreement are intended for
convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall have no effect on the interpretation hereof.

12. Survival of Terms.
This Agreement shall apply to and bind the Participant and the Company and their respective permitted assignees and transferees, heirs,
legatees, executors, administrators and legal successors. The terms of Section 18 of this Agreement shall expressly survive the vesting
and/or forfeiture of this Award and any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

13. Agreement Not a Contract
for Services. Neither the Plan, the granting of this Award, this Agreement nor any other action taken pursuant to the Plan shall constitute
or be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Participant has a right to continue to provide services
as an officer, director, employee, consultant or advisor of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate for any period of time or at any
specific rate of compensation.

14. Restrictions.
No portion of this Award may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Participant. Unless
the Administrator determines otherwise, upon any attempt to transfer this Award or any rights in respect of this Award before the lapse
of such restrictions, this Award, and all of the rights related thereto, shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant without consideration
of any kind.

15. Authority of the
Administrator. The Administrator shall have full authority to interpret and construe the terms of the Plan and this Agreement (including,
without limitation, the authority to determine whether, and the extent to which, any Performance Criteria have been achieved). Pursuant
to the terms of the Plan, the Administrator shall also have full authority to make equitable adjustments to the Performance Criteria in
recognition of unusual or non-recurring events affecting the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate or the financial statements of the
Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, in response to changes in applicable laws or regulations, or to account for items of gain, loss
or expense determined to be extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence or related to the disposal of a segment of
a business or related to a change in accounting principles. The determination of the Administrator as to any such matter of interpretation
or construction shall be final, binding and conclusive.

16. Severability.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified,
such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon
the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Agreement.
Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope,
activity, subject or otherwise so as to be unenforceable, in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision, such provision or provisions
shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body by limiting or reducing it or them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent
compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear, and such determination by such judicial body shall not affect the enforceability
of such provision or provisions in any other jurisdiction.

17. Acceptance. The
Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and understands the terms and
provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, and accepts the Award subject to all the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.
The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any
questions arising under this Agreement. By the Participants electronically accepting this Award using an online or electronic system
established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the Companys stock plan service
providers website), the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the
same instrument. The Participants electronic acceptance of this Award shall have the same validity and effect as a signature affixed
to this Agreement by the Participants hand.

4

18. Clawback. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, this Award (and any cash paid to the Participant upon settlement thereof) shall be subject to forfeiture,
reduction, and/or recoupment (i) to the extent provided in the Companys Clawback and Forfeiture Policy, as it may be amended from
time to time (the Clawback Policy); (ii) to the extent that Participant becomes subject to any other recoupment or clawback
policy hereafter adopted by the Company, including any such policy adopted by the Company to comply with the requirements of any applicable
laws, rules, regulations, or stock exchange listing requirements, including pursuant to final SEC rules under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or (iii) to the extent provided under applicable legal requirements which impose recoupment, under
circumstances set forth in such applicable legal requirements, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

19. Section 409A.
This Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner that all provisions relating to the settlement of this Award are exempt from the
requirements of Section 409A of the Code as short-term deferrals as described in Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or an accompanying election form executed by the Participant, if (i) on the date of the Participants
Separation from Service with the Company the Participant is a specified employee (as such term is defined under Section
1.409A-1(i) of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 409A of the Code) of the Company and (ii) any payments to be provided
to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement are or may become subject to the additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code,
or any other taxes or penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code if provided at the time otherwise required under this Agreement,
then such payments shall be delayed until the date that is six months after the date of the Participants separation from service
from the Company, or if earlier, his or her death. Any payments delayed pursuant to this paragraph shall be made in a lump sum on the
first day of the seventh month following the Participants separation from service, or if earlier, the Participants death.
Each payment upon settlement of this Award constitutes a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, if and to the extent that any payment under this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation
under Section 409A of the Code, and is payable upon (i) the Participants termination of employment, then such payment shall be
made or provided to the Participant only upon a separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code,
or (ii) a Change in Control, then such payment shall be made or provided to the Participant only upon a change in the ownership,
a change in effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the applicable
corporation as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code.

[Signature page to follow.]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Carl Christian Hoechner 

Name: Carl Christian Hoechner

Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

PARTICIPANT

/s/ William Koppelmann

William Koppelmann

6

EXHIBIT A

Credit Facility - Size*

Credit Facility Size % of Target First Tranche to Vest

$80,000,000 (Maximum) 100%

$60,000,000 (Target) 60%

$55,000,000 40%

$45,000,000 (Threshold) 10%

*Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and
the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in the Plan and the Agreement.

A-1

EXHIBIT B

Credit Facility Rate*

Growth Rate % of Target Second Tranche to Vest

SOFR + 2.00 100%

SOFR + 2.30 (Target) 75%

SOFR + 2.60 40%

SOFR + 2.75 (Threshold) 10%

*Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and
the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in the Plan and the Agreement.

B-1

EXHIBIT C

2025 Diluted EPS*

Vesting of the Third Tranche (plus any Additional
Award Amount that becomes payable pursuant to Section 2(a) of the Agreement) will be dependent upon the Companys one-year growth
of Diluted EPS for fiscal 2025 compared to a three-year average of fiscal 2022, 2023, and 2024 as set forth in the grid below, with vesting
to be interpolated on a straight-line basis between the applicable levels based on actual results. Diluted EPS means the Diluted EPS as
reported by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K, earnings release and/or supplemental information for the year ended December
31, 2025.

Growth Rate % of Target Third Tranche to Vest

3Y Average + 250% 100%

3Y Average + 100% 30%

3Y Average + 50% (Target) 20%

3Y Average 10%

3Y Average - 10% (Threshold) 5%

*Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and
the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in the Plan and the Agreement.

C-1

EXHIBIT D

NASDAQ Listing*

Vesting of the Fourth Tranche (plus any Additional
Award Amount that becomes payable pursuant to Section 2(a) of the Agreement) will be dependent upon the Companys listing on the
NASDAQ.

NASDAQ % of Target Fourth Tranche to Vest

Listed 100%

Unlisted (Threshold) 0%

*Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and
the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in the Plan and the Agreement.

D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10x3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT WITH WILLIAM KOPPELMANN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

UNDER THE STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

This Award Agreement (this
Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025 (the Date of Grant), is made by and between Standard Premium Finance
Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company), and William Koppelmann (the Participant). Capitalized
terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive
Plan (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the Plan). Where the context permits, references to the Company shall
include any successor to the Company.

1. Grant
of PSUs.

(a) The
Company hereby grants to the Participant Twenty-Five Thousand (25,000) performance-based restricted stock units under the Plan, the vesting
with respect to 70% of the units is subject to the performance criteria set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the First Tranche
PSUs) and with respect to 30% of the units is subject to the performance criteria set forth on Exhibit B hereto (the Second
Tranche PSUs), and all which shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. The First Tranche
PSUs and the Second Tranche PSUs shall collectively be referred to in this Agreement as the PSUs.

(b) Additional
performance-based restricted stock units may become issuable to the Participant under the Plan as set forth in Section 3(a). If and
when any such additional units become issuable, such additional units shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan
and this Agreement as First Tranche PSUs or Second Tranche PSUs, as applicable.

2. Restrictions.
The PSUs may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Participant, and any shares of
Stock issuable with respect to the PSUs may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until such
shares of Stock have been issued to the Participant upon vesting of the PSUs in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement.
Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, upon any attempt to transfer PSUs or any rights in respect of PSUs before the lapse of
such restrictions, such PSUs, and all of the rights related thereto, shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and transferred
to, and reacquired by, the Company without consideration of any kind.

3. Vesting.

(a) General.
Vesting of the PSUs is subject to the satisfaction of both the Performance Criteria and the Service Condition (each as defined below).
Subject to the provisions set forth below, the First Tranche PSUs may vest on March 31, 2026 (the First Vesting Date), and
the Second Tranche PSUs may vest on March 31, 2026 (the Second Vesting Date, and together with the First Vesting Date
and any other date on which PSUs may vest pursuant to this Section 3, a Vesting Date), with the exact percentage that
vest to be determined by the degree to which the Companys performance results meet the performance criteria set forth on Exhibit
A and Exhibit B hereto, respectively (the Performance Criteria). Following the completion of the performance
periods on December 31, 2025 (the Measurement Date), the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors
(the Committee) shall determine the Companys performance results relative to the applicable Performance Criteria.
If the Companys performance results are less than 100% on the scale set forth in the applicable Performance Criteria, any First
Tranche PSUs or Second Tranche PSUs which are not earned shall forfeit and be deemed no longer to be outstanding for purposes of this
Agreement effective as of the Measurement Date. If the Companys performance results exceed 100% on the scale set forth in the applicable
Performance Criteria, any additional performance-based restricted stock units earned in excess of 100% (the Additional PSUs)
shall be issued automatically under the Plan, become First Tranche PSUs or Second Tranche PSUs, as applicable, and be deemed to be outstanding
for purposes of this Agreement effective as of the Measurement Date. Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, vesting of the
PSUs on any Vesting Date is subject to the continued employment of the Participant by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates
(or a successor to any of them) from the Date of Grant to such Vesting Date (the Service Condition).

1

(b) Change
in Control.

(i) Upon
the occurrence of a Change in Control, if the PSUs outstanding effective immediately prior to such Change in Control are not assumed,
continued or substituted with an award relating to a publicly-traded security of the acquirer (or the Company) on the same terms and conditions
that were applicable to the PSUs outstanding effective immediately prior to the Change in Control, then all such PSUs shall vest and be
settled upon the consummation of the Change in Control.

(ii) Upon
the consummation of a Change in Control in which the PSUs outstanding effective immediately prior to such Change in Control are assumed,
continued or substituted with an award relating to a publicly-traded security of the acquirer (or the Company) on the same terms and conditions
that were applicable to the PSUs outstanding effective immediately prior to the Change in Control, such PSUs shall continue to vest subject
to the Service Condition, and the Performance Criteria shall no longer apply if such Change in Control occurs prior to the Measurement
Date (and for the avoidance of doubt, no Additional PSUs shall be issued or issuable under this Agreement in the event that a Change in
Control occurs prior to the Measurement Date).

(iii) Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 3(b) to the contrary, in the event that the Participants employment with the Company, a Subsidiary,
or an Affiliate (or a successor to any of them) is terminated within eighteen (18) months following a Change in Control by the Company
(or such other entity) without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement by and between the
Company and the Participant dated as of March 31, 2025), then any PSUs outstanding effective upon the date of such termination shall vest
effective upon such termination and be settled within 30 days following such termination.

(c) Termination
of Employment. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3(c) and Section 3(b)(iii), upon termination of the Participants
employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates for any reason, all unvested PSUs outstanding effective as of the date
of such termination shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited and neither the Participant nor any of the Participants
successors, heirs, assigns, or personal representatives shall thereafter have any further rights or interests in such PSUs. In the event
that the Participants employment with the Company, a Subsidiary, or an Affiliate is terminated by the Company (or such other entity)
without Cause, by the Participant for Good Reason, or on account of the Participants death or Disability, a Pro Rata Percentage
(as hereinafter defined) of the PSUs outstanding effective as of the date of such termination of employment shall remain outstanding following
such termination and shall be eligible to vest subject to the achievement of the Performance Criteria as if the Service Condition shall
have been met as of the applicable Vesting Date. For purposes of this Section 3(c), Pro Rata Percentage means:

(A) with
respect to the First Tranche PSUs, 33 1/3% if a termination described in Section 3(c) occurs on or prior to June 30, 2025; 66
2/3% if such termination occurs after September 30, 2025 but on or prior to December 31, 2025; and 100% if such termination occurs
after December 31, 2025; and

(B) 
with respect to the Second Tranche PSUs, 33 1/3% if a termination described in Section 3(c) occurs on or prior to June 30, 2025;
66 2/3% if such termination occurs after September 30, 2025 but on or prior to December 31, 2025; and 100% if such termination occurs
after December 31, 2025.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event
of a Change in Control following a termination event described in this Section 3(c), the Pro Rata Percentage of the PSUs that would
have vested under Section 3(b) above had the Participant met the Service Condition as of the Change in Control (regardless of whether
the PSUs are assumed, continued or substituted in the Change in Control) shall vest and be settled as of the date of the Change in Control.

4. 
Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. As soon as practicable following each Vesting Date (but in no event later than 30 days following
the Vesting Date or such earlier time specified in Section 3(b) or Section 3(c)), the Company shall issue to the Participant
the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of PSUs that have vested pursuant to this Agreement on such date and
the Participant shall thereafter have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such shares. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, no fractional shares shall vest or be issuable under this Agreement, and any such fractional shares
shall be rounded down to the next whole share; provided, that the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide a cash payment
in lieu of any such fractional share.

2

5. Rights
as a Stockholder. The Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to PSUs outstanding on any applicable record date. Any
ordinary or extraordinary cash or stock dividend that may be declared and paid on the Common Stock with a record date on or after the
Date of Grant and prior to the settlement date of PSUs shall be deposited (in the same form as was payable to the holders of Common Stock)
in an account and be paid upon, and subject to, the vesting and settlement of the PSUs (provided that dividend equivalents shall accrue
for any Additional PSUs earned pursuant to Section 3(a) as if such Additional PSUs were issued as of the Date of Grant). For the
avoidance of doubt, the Participant shall not be entitled to payment of dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to a PSU unless
and until the vesting and settlement of such PSU in accordance with this Agreement, and all such dividends or dividend equivalents with
respect to any PSU shall forfeit upon the forfeiture of such the PSU.

6. Adjustments.
Pursuant to Section 16 of the Plan, in the event of a change in capitalization as described therein, the Administrator shall make
such equitable changes or adjustments, as it deems necessary or appropriate, in its discretion, to the Performance Criteria and to the
number and kind of securities or other property (including cash) issued or issuable in respect of outstanding PSUs.

7. Certain
Changes. The Administrator may accelerate the vesting dates or otherwise adjust any of the terms of the PSUs; provided that, subject
to Section 16 of the Plan and Section 21 of this Agreement, no action under this Section shall adversely affect the Participants
rights hereunder.

8. Notices.
All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by facsimile or first class mail, certified
or registered with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given three days after mailing or 24 hours after transmission
by facsimile to the respective parties, as follows: (i) if to the Company:

General Counsel

Joel Bernstein

2666 Tigertail Ave.,

Suite 104

Miami, FL 33133

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Chairman of the Board

c/o Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc.

13590 SW 134 Ave

Suite 214

Miami, FL 33186

and (ii) if to the
Participant, using the contact information on file with the Company. Either party hereto may change such partys address for notices
by notice duly given pursuant hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any notice
or other communications related to the PSUs, this Agreement or current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant
hereby consents to receive such notices and other communications by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through
an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the Companys
stock plan service providers website).

9. Taxes.
The Participant has reviewed with the Participants own tax advisors the Federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations
of the Company or any of its agents. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant is responsible for the tax consequences
associated with the award and vesting of PSUs.

3

10. Withholding.
Delivery of shares of Stock is conditioned upon Participants making arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment
of income and employment tax withholding requirements as set forth in Section 24 of the Plan; provided, however, that the Participant
may elect, without the consent of the Company, to have the Company withhold from delivery of shares of Stock issuable upon the settlement
of the RSUs such number of shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value not exceeding the applicable taxes to be withheld and applied to
the tax obligations of the Participant as determined by the Company. In making its determination, the Company may calculate such amount
by taking into account applicable withholding rates not exceeding the maximum individual statutory tax rates in the Participants
applicable jurisdictions.

11. Failure
to Enforce Not a Waiver. The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed
to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof.

12. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its principles
of conflict of laws.

13. Incorporation
of Plan. The Plan is hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof, and the PSUs and this Agreement shall be subject to
all terms and conditions of the Plan.

14. Amendments;
Construction. The Administrator may amend the terms of this Agreement prospectively or retroactively at any time, but no such amendment
shall impair the rights of the Participant hereunder without the Participants consent. Headings to Sections of this Agreement are
intended for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall have no effect on the interpretation hereof.

15. Survival
of Terms. This Agreement shall apply to and bind the Participant and the Company and their respective permitted assignees and transferees,
heirs, legatees, executors, administrators and legal successors. The terms of Section 21 shall expressly survive the vesting and/or
forfeiture of the PSUs and any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

16. Compliance
with Stock Ownership and Retention Guidelines. The Participant hereby agrees to comply with the Companys Stock Ownership and
Retention Guidelines (as amended from time to time, the Guidelines), to the extent such Guidelines are applicable, or become
applicable, to the Participant. The Participant further acknowledges that, if the Participant is not in compliance with such Guidelines
(if applicable), the Administrator may refrain from issuing additional equity awards to the Participant and/or elect to pay the Participants
annual bonus in the form of vested or unvested Common Stock.

17. Agreement
Not a Contract for Services. Neither the Plan, the granting of the PSUs, this Agreement nor any other action taken pursuant to the
Plan shall constitute or be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Participant has a right to continue
to provide services as an officer, director, employee, consultant or advisor of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate for any period
of time or at any specific rate of compensation.

18. Authority
of the Administrator. The Administrator shall have full authority to interpret and construe the terms of the Plan and this Agreement
(including, without limitation, the authority to determine whether, and the extent to which, any Performance Criteria have been achieved).
Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the Administrator shall also have full authority to make equitable adjustments to the Performance Criteria
in recognition of unusual or non-recurring events affecting the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate or the financial statements of
the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, in response to changes in applicable laws or regulations, or to account for items of gain,
loss or expense determined to be extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence or related to the disposal of a segment
of a business or related to a change in accounting principles. The determination of the Administrator as to any such matter of interpretation
or construction shall be final, binding and conclusive.

19. Severability.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified,
such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon
the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Agreement.
Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope,
activity, subject or otherwise so as to be unenforceable, in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision, such provision or provisions
shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body by limiting or reducing it or them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent
compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear, and such determination by such judicial body shall not affect the enforceability
of such provision or provisions in any other jurisdiction.

4

20. Acceptance.
The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and understands the terms
and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, and accepts the PSUs subject to all the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.
The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any
questions arising under this Agreement. By the Participants electronically accepting the award of the PSUs
using an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the
Companys stock plan service providers website), the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan
and this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Participants electronic acceptance of the award of the PSUs shall have
the same validity and effect as a signature affixed to this Agreement by the Participants hand.

21. Clawback.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this award (and any shares of Stock delivered to the Participant upon settlement thereof)
shall be subject to forfeiture, reduction, and/or recoupment (i) to the extent provided in the Companys Clawback and Forfeiture
Policy, as it may be amended from time to time (the Clawback Policy); (ii) to the extent that Participant becomes subject
to any other recoupment or clawback policy hereafter adopted by the Company, including any such policy adopted by the Company to comply
with the requirements of any applicable laws, rules, regulations, or stock exchange listing requirements, including pursuant to final
SEC rules under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or (iii) to the extent provided under applicable legal
requirements which impose recoupment, under circumstances set forth in such applicable legal requirements, including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002.

22. Section
409A. This Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner that all provisions relating to the settlement of the PSUs are exempt from
the requirements of Section 409A of the Code as short-term deferrals as described in Section 409A of the Code.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or an accompanying election form executed by the Participant, if (i) on
the date of the Participants Separation from Service with the Company the Participant is a specified employee (as
such term is defined under Section 1.409A-1(i) of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 409A of the Code) of the
Company and (ii) any payments to be provided to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement are or may become subject to the additional
tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code, or any other taxes or penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code if provided
at the time otherwise required under this Agreement, then such payments shall be delayed until the date that is six months after the date
of the Participants separation from service from the Company, or if earlier, his or her death. Any payments delayed pursuant to
this paragraph shall be made in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following the Participants separation from service,
or if earlier, the Participants death. Each payment upon settlement of PSUs (and any related dividend or related dividend equivalent
rights) constitutes a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, if and to the extent that any payment under this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A
of the Code, and is payable upon (i) the Participants termination of employment, then such payment shall be made or provided
to the Participant only upon a separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, or (ii) a
Change in Control, then such payment shall be made or provided to the Participant only upon a change in the ownership, a
change in effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the applicable
corporation as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code.

[Signature page to follow.]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Carl Christian Hoechner 

Name: Carl Christian Hoechner

Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

PARTICIPANT

/s/ William Koppelmann

William Koppelmann

6

EXHIBIT A

2025 Diluted EPS*

Vesting of the First Tranche PSUs (plus any
Additional PSUs that become issuable pursuant to Section 3(a) of the Agreement) will be dependent upon the Companys one-year
growth of Diluted EPS for fiscal 2025 compared to a four-year average of fiscal 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024 as set forth in the grid below,
with vesting to be interpolated on a straight-line basis between the applicable levels based on actual results. Diluted EPS means the
Diluted EPS as reported by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K, earnings release and/or supplemental information for the year
ended December 31, 2025.

Growth Rate % of Target First Tranche PSU Vesting

4Y Average + 250% 100%

4Y Average + 100% 30%

4Y Average + 50% (Target) 20%

4Y Average 10%

4Y Average - 10% (Threshold) 5%

* Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in Section 6 and Section 18 of the Agreement. 

Notwithstanding this Exhibit, and subject to
Section 16 of the Plan and Section 6 of this Agreement, the aggregate number of Additional PSUs issuable pursuant to this Agreement
shall be reduced to the extent issuance of such Additional PSUs would cause the aggregate number of restricted stock units issued pursuant
to this Agreement and the RSU Agreement to exceed 300,000 restricted stock units.

A-1

EXHIBIT B

Listing on NASDAQ*

Vesting of the Second Tranche PSUs (plus any
Additional PSUs that become issuable pursuant to Section 3(a) of the Agreement) will be dependent upon the Companys listing
on the NASDAQ.

Percentage of Second

Tranche PSU
Vesting Performance

Vest 100% Listed

No vesting Unlisted (Threshold)

* Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in Section 6 and Section 18 of the Agreement. 

Notwithstanding this Exhibit, and subject to
Section 16 of the Plan and Section 6 of this Agreement, the aggregate number of Additional PSUs issuable pursuant to this Agreement
shall be reduced to the extent issuance of such Additional PSUs would cause the aggregate number of restricted stock units issued pursuant
to this Agreement and the RSU Agreement to exceed 300,000 restricted stock units.

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10x4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT WITH WILLIAM KOPPELMANN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

UNDER THE STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

This Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025 (the Date of Grant), is made by and between Standard
Premium Finance Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company), and William Koppelmann (the Participant).
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. 2019 Equity
Incentive Plan (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the Plan). Where the context permits, references to the Company
shall include any successor to the Company.

1. Grant
of RSUs. The Company hereby grants to the Participant Five Thousand (5,000) restricted stock units (the RSUs) under
the Plan, which shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan.

2. Restrictions.
The RSUs may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Participant, and any shares of
Stock issuable with respect to the RSUs may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until such
shares of Stock have been issued to the Participant upon vesting of the RSUs in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement.
Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, upon any attempt to transfer RSUs or any rights in respect of RSUs before the lapse of
such restrictions, such RSUs, and all of the rights related thereto, shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and transferred
to, and reacquired by, the Company without consideration of any kind.

3. Vesting.

(a) General.
Subject to the provisions set forth below, the RSUs shall vest at such times (each, including as provided in subparagraphs (b) and
(c), a Vesting Date) and in the amounts set forth below, subject to the continued employment of the Participant by the Company
or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (or a successor to any of them) from the Date of Grant to such Vesting Date:

Incremental Number
of RSUs Vested Vesting Date

1,000 December 31, 2025

1,000 December 31, 2026

1,000 December 31, 2027

1,000 December 31, 2028

1,000 December 31, 2029

(b) Award
Not Assumed Following Change in Control. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, if the outstanding RSUs are not assumed, continued
or substituted with an award relating to a publicly-traded security of the acquirer (or the Company) on the same terms and conditions
that were applicable to the outstanding RSUs immediately prior to the Change in Control, then all outstanding RSUs immediately prior to
the Change in Control shall vest and be settled upon the consummation of the Change in Control.

(c) Following
Termination of Employment. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3(c), upon termination of the Participants employment
with the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates for any reason, all unvested RSUs outstanding as of the date of such termination
shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited and neither the Participant nor any of the Participants successors,
heirs, assigns, or personal representatives shall thereafter have any further rights or interests in such RSUs. Notwithstanding the foregoing
or anything herein to the contrary:

(i) 
In the event that the Participants employment is terminated (other than as described in subparagraph (ii)) (A) either by the Company
or a Subsidiary or Affiliate without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement by and between
the Company and the Participant dated as of March 31, 2025), or (B) by death or Disability, the RSUs subject to vesting at the next
Vesting Date shall vest effective upon the date of such termination and be settled within 30 days following such termination, and any
remaining outstanding and unvested RSUs shall be forfeited, effective upon the date of such termination.

1

(ii) In
the event that the Participants employment is terminated (A) by the Company (or its successor) or a Subsidiary or Affiliate
without Cause on or after the effective date of a Change in Control but prior to eighteen (18) months following such Change in Control,
or (B) by the Participant for Good Reason on or after the effective date of a Change in Control but prior to twelve (18) months
following such Change in Control, then any unvested RSUs outstanding upon the date of such termination shall vest effective upon the date
of such termination and be settled within 30 days following such termination.

4. 
Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. As soon as practicable following each Vesting Date (but in no event later than 30 days following
the Vesting Date or such earlier time specified in Section 3(b)), the Company shall issue to the Participant the number of shares
of Stock equal to the aggregate number of RSUs that have vested pursuant to this Agreement on such date and the Participant shall thereafter
have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such shares. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
no fractional shares shall vest or be issuable under this Agreement, and any such fractional shares shall be rounded down to the next
whole share; provided, that the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide a cash payment in lieu of any such fractional
share.

5. Rights
as a Stockholder. The Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to RSUs outstanding on any applicable record date. Any
ordinary or extraordinary cash or stock dividend that may be declared and paid on the Common Stock with a record date on or after the
Date of Grant and prior to the settlement date of the RSUs shall be deposited (in the same form as was payable to the holders of Common
Stock) in an account and be paid upon, and subject to, the vesting and settlement of the RSUs. For the avoidance of doubt, the Participant
shall not be entitled to payment of dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to an RSU unless and until the vesting and settlement
of such RSU in accordance with this Agreement, and all such dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to any RSU shall forfeit upon
the forfeiture of such RSU.

6. Adjustments.
Pursuant to Section 16 of the Plan, in the event of a change in capitalization as described therein, the Administrator shall make such
equitable changes or adjustments, as it deems necessary or appropriate, in its discretion, to the number and kind of securities or other
property (including cash) issued or issuable in respect of outstanding RSUs.

7. Certain
Changes. The Administrator may accelerate the vesting dates or otherwise adjust any of the terms of the RSUs; provided that, subject
to Section 16 of the Plan and Section 21 of this Agreement, no action under this Section shall adversely affect the Participants
rights hereunder.

8. Notices.
All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by facsimile or first class mail, certified
or registered with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given three days after mailing or 24 hours after transmission
by facsimile to the respective parties, as follows:

(i) if to the Company:

General Counsel

Joel Bernstein

2666 Tigertail Ave.,

Suite 104

Miami, FL 33133

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Chairman of the Board

c/o Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc.

13590 SW 134 Ave

Suite 214

Miami, FL 33186

2

and (ii) if to the
Participant, using the contact information on file with the Company. Either party hereto may change such partys address for notices
by notice duly given pursuant hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any notice
or other communications related to the RSUs, this Agreement or current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant
hereby consents to receive such notices and other communications by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through
an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the Companys
stock plan service providers website).

9. Taxes.
The Participant has reviewed with the Participants own tax advisors the Federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations
of the Company or any of its agents. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant is responsible for the tax consequences
associated with the award and vesting of the RSUs.

10. Withholding.
Delivery of shares of Stock is conditioned upon Participants making arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment
of income and employment tax withholding requirements as set forth in Section 24 of the Plan; provided, however, that the Participant
may elect, without the consent of the Company, to have the Company withhold from delivery of shares of Stock issuable upon the settlement
of the RSUs such number of shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value not exceeding the applicable taxes to be withheld and applied to
the tax obligations of the Participant as determined by the Company. In making its determination, the Company may calculate such amount
by taking into account applicable withholding rates not exceeding the maximum individual statutory tax rates in the Participants
applicable jurisdictions.

11. Failure
to Enforce Not a Waiver. The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed
to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof.

12. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its principles
of conflict of laws.

13. Incorporation
of Plan. The Plan is hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof, and the RSUs and this Agreement shall be subject to
all terms and conditions of the Plan.

14. Amendments;
Construction. The Administrator may amend the terms of this Agreement prospectively or retroactively at any time, but no such amendment
shall impair the rights of the Participant hereunder without the Participants consent. Headings to Sections of this Agreement are
intended for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall have no effect on the interpretation hereof.

15. Survival
of Terms. This Agreement shall apply to and bind the Participant and the Company and their respective permitted assignees and transferees,
heirs, legatees, executors, administrators and legal successors. The terms of Section 21 shall expressly survive the vesting and/or
forfeiture of the RSUs and any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

16. Compliance
with Stock Ownership and Retention Guidelines. The Participant hereby agrees to comply with the Companys Stock Ownership and
Retention Guidelines (as amended from time to time, the Guidelines), to the extent such Guidelines are applicable, or become
applicable, to the Participant. The Participant further acknowledges that, if the Participant is not in compliance with such Guidelines
(if applicable), the Administrator may refrain from issuing additional equity awards to the Participant and/or elect to pay the Participants
annual bonus in the form of vested or unvested Common Stock.

17. Agreement
Not a Contract for Services. Neither the Plan, the granting of the RSUs, this Agreement nor any other action taken pursuant to the
Plan shall constitute or be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Participant has a right to continue
to provide services as an officer, director, employee, consultant or advisor of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate for any period
of time or at any specific rate of compensation.

3

18. Authority
of the Administrator. The Administrator shall have full authority to interpret and construe the terms of the Plan and this Agreement.
The determination of the Administrator as to any such matter of interpretation or construction shall be final, binding and conclusive.

19. Severability.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified,
such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon
the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Agreement.
Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope,
activity, subject or otherwise so as to be unenforceable, in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision, such provision or provisions
shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body by limiting or reducing it or them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent
compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear, and such determination by such judicial body shall not affect the enforceability
of such provision or provisions in any other jurisdiction.

20. Acceptance.
The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and understands the terms
and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, and accepts the RSUs subject to all the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.
The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any
questions arising under this Agreement. By the Participants electronically accepting the award of the RSUs using an online or electronic
system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the Companys stock plan
service providers website), the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one
and the same instrument. The Participants electronic acceptance of the award of the RSUs shall have the same validity and effect
as a signature affixed to this Agreement by the Participants hand.

21. Clawback.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this award (and any shares of Stock delivered to the Participant upon settlement thereof)
shall be subject to forfeiture, reduction, and/or recoupment (i) to the extent provided in the Companys Clawback and Forfeiture
Policy, as it may be amended from time to time (the Clawback Policy); (ii) to the extent that Participant becomes subject
to any other recoupment or clawback policy hereafter adopted by the Company, including any such policy adopted by the Company to comply
with the requirements of any applicable laws, rules, regulations, or stock exchange listing requirements, including pursuant to final
SEC rules under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or (iii) to the extent provided under applicable legal
requirements which impose recoupment, under circumstances set forth in such applicable legal requirements, including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002.

22. Section
409A. This Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner that all provisions relating to the settlement of the RSUs are exempt from
the requirements of Section 409A of the Code as short-term deferrals as described in Section 409A of the Code.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or an accompanying election form executed by the Participant, if (i) on
the date of the Participants Separation from Service with the Company the Participant is a specified employee (as
such term is defined under Section 1.409A-1(i) of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 409A of the Code) of the
Company and (ii) any payments to be provided to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement are or may become subject to the additional
tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code, or any other taxes or penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code if provided
at the time otherwise required under this Agreement, then such payments shall be delayed until the date that is six months after the date
of the Participants separation from service from the Company, or if earlier, his or her death. Any payments delayed pursuant to
this paragraph shall be made in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following the Participants separation from service,
or if earlier, the Participants death. Each payment upon settlement of RSUs (and any related dividend or related dividend equivalent
rights) constitutes a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, if and to the extent that any payment under this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A
of the Code, and is payable upon (i) the Participants termination of employment, then such payment shall be made or provided
to the Participant only upon a separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, or (ii) a
Change in Control, then such payment shall be made or provided to the Participant only upon a change in the ownership, a
change in effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the applicable
corporation as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code.

[Signature page to follow.]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Carl Christian Hoechner 

Name: Carl Christian Hoechner

Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

PARTICIPANT

/s/ William Koppelmann

William Koppelmann

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10x5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH BRIAN KROGOL
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of March 31, 2025 (the "Effective Date"),
by and between Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation (the "Company"), and Brian Krogol ("Executive").
Where the context permits, references to "the Company" shall include the Company and any successor of the Company.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, effective as of
June 10, 2021, Executive was appointed to serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer and as a Director of the Companys
Board of Directors;

WHEREAS, Executive and
the Company are parties to that certain Employment Agreement dated as of June 29, 2022 (the Original Agreement);
and

WHEREAS, the Company and
Executive mutually desire to enter into this Agreement, which amends and restates the Original Agreement and sets forth the terms and
conditions of Executive's continued employment, and shall supersede and replace any other agreements in respect thereof, except as otherwise
provided herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements herein contained, together with other good and valuable consideration the receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:

1. SERVICES
AND DUTIES. Subject to Section 2 hereof, Executive shall, pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement, be employed by the Company as the Chief Financial Officer (the "CFO") and shall report directly to
the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board"). The principal location of Executive's employment with the Company shall
be the same as Executive's principal location of employment as of the Effective Date, although Executive understands and agrees that Executive
may be required to travel from time to time for business reasons. During the Term (as defined in Section 2 hereof), Executive shall be
a full-time employee of the Company and shall dedicate all of Executive's working time to the Company and shall have no other employment
and no other business ventures which are undisclosed to the Company or which conflict with Executive's duties under this Agreement. Executive
shall perform such duties as are normally associated with Executive's position, together with such additional duties, commensurate with
Executive's position, as may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall
prohibit Executive from (i) participating in trade associations or industry organizations which are related to the business of the Company
or engaging in activities for charitable, civic or political organizations (including serving as a member of the board of such organization),
(ii) engaging in personal investment activities for Executive and Executive's family that do not give rise to any conflicts of interest
with the Company or its "Affiliates" (as defined below), or (iii) subject to the prior approval of the Board, which shall not
be unreasonably withheld, serving as a member of the board of directors of any for-profit entity that does not give rise to any conflict
of interests with the Company or its Affiliates, in each case so long as the activities in (i), (ii), and (iii) above do not interfere,
individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of Executive's duties hereunder.

2. TERM.
Executive's continued employment under the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall expire
on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"). The term of Executive's employment under this
Agreement shall be automatically extended on each anniversary of the Effective Date commencing with the date of the scheduled expiration
of the Initial Term for an additional one-year term (each, a "Renewal Term"). The Initial Term and any Renewal Term are
collectively referred to herein as the "Term," and the Term shall continue as described in the preceding sentence unless
either Executive or the Company has given written notice (a Notice of Non-Renewal) to the other no less than ninety
(90) days prior to the expiration of the Term that the Term shall not be so extended. Notwithstanding the above, the Term shall earlier
expire immediately upon the termination of Executive's employment pursuant to Section 5 hereof.

1

3. COMPENSATION.

(a) Base
Salary. Effective as of the Effective Date, the Company agrees to pay Executive a base salary in the amount of One Hundred and Seventy
Five Thousand dollars ($175,000) per annum (the "Base Salary"), payable in such installments as the Company pays its
similarly placed employees (but not less frequently than each calendar month), subject to employee contributions to any health, welfare
and/or retirement programs in which Executive is enrolled. Executive's Base Salary shall be reviewed annually (with such first annual
review to occur with respect to Base Salary effective January 1, 2026) and may be increased from time to time at the Board's sole discretion,
but in no event shall the Base Salary be reduced without Executive's approval.

(b) Annual
Bonus. In addition to the Base Salary, for each calendar year ending during the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive a bonus
("Annual Bonus"), subject to the terms of the Company's incentive compensation plan for senior executive officers as
in effect from time to time (the "Bonus Plan"), and any effective Performance-Based Cash Award Agreement between the
Company and Executive, with a target Annual Bonus of one-hundred percent (100%) of the cumulative Base Salary paid to Executive during
such calendar year (including base salary paid prior to the Effective Date). Provided Executive is employed as of December 31 of the applicable
calendar year, the Annual Bonus in respect of such year shall be paid to Executive, in cash, no later than thirty (30) days following
completion of the Company's audit for the applicable year, which the Company shall endeavor in good faith to complete within three (3)
months following the last day of such year; provided, however, that in no event shall the Annual Bonus be paid
to Executive prior to January 1 or later than December 31 of the year following the year to which such Annual Bonus relates.

(c) Annual
Long Term Incentive Compensation Awards. At least annually during the Term beginning in 2025 and beyond, the Compensation Committee
of the Board shall consider Executive for a grant of long-term incentive awards at a level commensurate with Executive's position, and
in a form and on terms no less favorable than as provided to other senior executive officers of the Company (the "Annual Long
Term Incentives Awards"); provided, that any reduction to such annual awards shall be subject to clause (iii) of the definition
of Good Reason (as defined below).

(d) Existing
Long-Term Incentive Awards. All long-term incentive awards made prior to the Effective Date shall continue to be governed by the applicable
terms of such awards (such grants, together with any Annual Long Term Incentive Awards, the "LTI Awards"), subject to
Sections 5(e) and 7 hereof.

(e) Withholding.
All taxable compensation payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to any applicable withholding taxes and such
other taxes as are required under Federal law or the law of any state or governmental body to be collected with respect to compensation
paid by the Company to Executive.

4. BENEFITS AND PERQUISITES.

(a) Retirement
and Welfare Benefits. During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to participate in all benefit plans made available to the Company's
senior executive officers. Such benefits shall be subject to the applicable limitations and requirements imposed by the terms of such
benefit plans and shall be governed in all respects in accordance with the terms of such plans as from time to time in effect. Nothing
in this Section 4, however, shall require the Company to maintain any benefit plan or provide any type or level of benefits to its current
or former employees, including Executive.

(b) Paid
Time Off. During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to participate in the paid time off policy generally applicable to the Company's
senior executive officers, as it may be amended from time to time.

(c) Reimbursement
of Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive for any expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by Executive during the Term
in furtherance of Executive's duties hereunder, including travel, meals and accommodations, upon submission by Executive of vouchers or
receipts and in compliance with such rules and policies relating thereto as the Company may from time to time adopt.

2

5.TERMINATION.
Executive's employment shall be terminated at the earliest to occur of the following: (i) the end of the Term, unless Executive agrees
to continue employment with the Company on an at-will basis; (ii) the date on which the Board delivers written notice that Executive is
being terminated for "Disability" (as defined below); or (iii) the date of Executive's death. In addition, Executive's employment
with the Company may be earlier terminated (1) by the Company for "Cause" (as defined below), effective on the date on which
a written notice to such effect is delivered to Executive; (2) by the Company at any time without Cause, effective on the date on which
a written notice to such effect is delivered to Executive or such other date as is reasonably designated by the Company; (3) by Executive
for "Good Reason" (as defined below), effective on the date on which a written notice to such effect is delivered to the Company,
but in no event prior to the expiration of the thirty (30) day period that the Company has to fully correct the circumstances giving rise
to such Good Reason pursuant to this Agreement; or (4) by Executive at any time, effective thirty (30) days following the date on which
a written notice to such effect is delivered to the Company.

(a) For
Cause Termination or Voluntary Resignation by Executive Without Good Reason. If Executive's employment with the Company is terminated
by the Company for Cause, or if Executive voluntarily resigns his employment without Good Reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any
further compensation or benefits other than, in each case if applicable as of the date of termination: (i) any accrued but unpaid Base
Salary (payable as provided in Section 3(a) hereof); (ii) any Annual Bonus earned but unpaid as of the date of termination for any previously
completed year, payable as set forth in Section 3(b) hereof; (iii) reimbursement for any business expenses properly incurred by Executive
prior to the date of termination in accordance with Section 4(d) hereof, payable on the Company's first regularly scheduled payroll date
which occurs at least ten (10) days after the date of termination; and (iv) vested benefits, if any, to which Executive may be entitled
under the Company's employee benefit plans as of the date of termination (collectively, the "Accrued Benefits"). For
the avoidance of doubt, the LTI Awards shall be treated as provided in the applicable long-term incentive plan and award agreement governing
such awards.

(b) Termination
by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason (Other than Within Eighteen (18) Months Following a Change in Control).
In the event that Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason prior to the
end of the Term, in each case other than within eighteen (18) months following a Change in Control (as defined below), and,
with respect to clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) below, Executive timely provides the Company with an enforceable Release (as
defined below) in accordance with Sections 5(f) and 5(g) hereof, then Executive shall be entitled to, in each case if applicable as of
the date of termination:

(i) the Accrued Benefits;

(ii) one-hundred
and fifty percent (150%) of the sum of (A) the Executive's Base Salary at the current rate of Base Salary in effect at the date of termination
or, if greater, before the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to Good Reason and (B) the Executives target Annual Bonus
for the year of termination;

(iii) an
Annual Bonus (to the extent earned under the terms of the Bonus Plan based on performance, but without regard to any requirement of continued
employment) for the year of termination, pro-rated based on the number of days Executive was employed by the Company during such year
and payable as set forth in Section 3(b) hereof (the "Pro-Rated Annual Bonus");

3

(iv) to
the extent Executive is then eligible for, and elects COBRA continuation benefits pursuant to Section 4980B of the Code and Section 601,
et. seq. of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("COBRA"), under the Company's medical plan
(including dependent coverage where applicable) in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan, as such plan may be amended from
time to time, the Company will continue to pay for current coverage (minus the amount of the then-applicable employee contribution portion)
for a period of 18 months following termination of employment (exclusive of any tax consequences to the recipient(s) on resulting coverage
or benefits) as if Executive were still an active employee of the Company (subject to the following provisions hereunder, the "Severance
Benefits"). For the avoidance of doubt, the parties mutually agree any Severance Benefits paid during any period following the
Executives termination shall run concurrently with the applicable COBRA continuation period and Executive shall be solely responsible
for the full cost of any health premiums for the continuation of COBRA coverage which may extend past such period, if any. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive's Severance Benefits coverage shall end earlier than 18 months following termination of employment as follows
(A) the date of any material breach of the provisions of this Agreement by Executive, or (B) the date Executive first becomes eligible
for medical coverage under another employer's plan, program or other arrangement of any type or description, without regard to whether
Executive neglects, refuses or otherwise fails to take any action required for enrollment in such other plan, program or other arrangement.
Executive shall provide notice to the Company in writing within seven (7) days of becoming eligible for any such alternate coverage; and

(v) the
treatment of the LTI Awards as provided in the applicable long-term incentive plan and award agreement governing such awards.

(c)Death
or Disability. If Executive's employment is terminated by reason of Executive's death or Disability prior to the end of the Term,
in lieu of any other payments or benefits, Executive (or Executive's beneficiary or estate, as applicable) shall be entitled to (i) the
Accrued Benefits, and (ii) the Pro-Rated Annual Bonus, subject, in the event Executive's employment is terminated by reason of Disability,
to Executive's timely provision to the Company of the Release in accordance with Sections 5(f) and 5(g) hereof. For the avoidance of doubt,
the LTI Awards shall be treated as provided in the applicable long-term incentive plan and award agreement governing such awards.

(d) Termination
by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason Within Eighteen (18) Months Following a Change in Control. If Executives
employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason prior to the end of the Term, in each case
within eighteen (18) months following a Change in Control, and, with respect to clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) below, Executive timely provides
the Company with the Release in accordance with Sections 5(f) and 5(g) hereof, then Executive shall be entitled to, in each case if applicable
as of the date of termination:

(i) the
Accrued Benefits;

(ii) two-hundred
percent (200%) of the sum of (A) the Executive's Base Salary at the current rate of Base Salary in effect at the date of termination or,
if greater, before the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to Good Reason and (B) the Executives target Annual Bonus for
the year of termination;

(iii) the
target Annual Bonus for the year of termination, pro-rated based on the number of days Executive was employed by the Company during such
year;

(iv) the
Severance Benefits; and

(v) the
treatment of the LTI Awards as provided in the applicable long-term incentive plan and award agreement governing such awards.

(e) Non-Renewal.
Termination of Executive's employment within thirty (30) days of the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term following the provision
of a Notice of Non-Renewal by the Company shall be treated as a termination of Executive's employment without Cause, including for purposes
of Section 5(b) and 5(d) (and shall be treated as having occurred prior to the end of the Term for purposes thereof), and for purposes
of any LTI Award.

(f) Payment
of Severance Pay and Severance Benefits. Severance amounts under Section 5(b)(ii) will be paid to Executive in periodic installments
over eighteen (18) months on the Company's regular payroll dates (the Severance Pay Period), with such payments commencing
as of the Severance Commencement Date (as defined below). Severance amounts under Section 5(d)(ii) and 5(d)(iii) will be paid to Executive
in a lump sum on the Severance Commencement Date. For purposes of this Agreement, Severance Commencement Date means the
first payroll period commencing on or after the date the Release becomes effective and after the expiration of the seven (7) day revocation
period (as described in Section 5(g) hereof). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, payments of amounts under Section
5(b)(ii) and (iii), the Pro-Rata Bonus under Section 5(c) if Executives employment is terminated by reason of Disability, and amounts
under Section 5(d)(ii) and (iii) (as applicable, the Severance Pay), and continued provision of the Severance Benefits,
shall be conditioned on Executive having signed and returned a Release and the seven (7) day revocation period (as described in Section
5(g) hereof) for the signed Release having expired, in all instances, within sixty (60) days of Executives termination date (the
Release Period). If a signed Release is not returned, Executive revokes the Release or the seven (7) day revocation
period has not expired within the Release Period, Executive shall forfeit all Severance Pay and the right to any continued Severance Benefits
(as of the date of revocation or the Severance Commencement Date, whichever is earlier). All taxes and other deductions required by law,
and any additional undisputed sums owing the Company shall be deducted from any Severance Pay and/or Severance Benefits. Any benefits
that accrue under this Section 5, if any, are net of any such amount other than taxes and other deductions required by law. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Release Period begins in one calendar year (the earlier year) and ends in the subsequent calendar
year, then in no event shall any payment under this Section 5 that is contingent upon the return and effectiveness of the Release be made
in the earlier year and, if such payment is delayed under this sentence to the subsequent year (and is otherwise required to be made under
this Agreement), such payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable in the subsequent year and the remaining payments
shall continue until the expiration of the Severance Pay Period, if applicable, subject to the provisions of this Agreement.

4

(g) Waiver and Release.

(i) In order to receive the Severance
Pay or to continue to receive the Severance Benefits provided for under this Section 5, Executive must execute and submit to the Company
a signed, enforceable release (the "Release") reasonably satisfactory to the Company pursuant to the time periods of
the applicable Release and within forty-five (45) days of receiving the Release. In the Release, Executive will waive all claims or causes
of action arising out of or related to his employment and the termination of his employment, other than claims or causes of action for
his entitlements under Sections 5(b), 5(c), or 5(d) as applicable, related to his status as a stockholder of the Company, or for indemnification
or liability insurance coverage. Such Release shall be provided to Executive within three (3) business days of the date of Executive's
termination of employment. Executive may revoke his signed Release within seven (7) days of signing such Release, provided such revocation
is made in accordance with the provisions for revocation set forth below. Any such revocation must be made in writing and must be received
by the Company within such seven (7) day period. If Executive timely revokes his Release he shall not be eligible to receive any Severance
Pay or continue to receive Severance Benefits under this Section 5 effective on the date of such revocation. If Executive timely submits
a signed Release and does not exercise his right of revocation and/or the revocation period expires prior to the expiration of the Release
Period he shall be eligible to receive Severance Pay and continue to receive Severance Benefits under this Section 5. Executive's acceptance
and right to retention of Severance Pay and/or Severance Benefits are contingent upon the terms of this Agreement and full compliance
with the terms of the Release.

(ii) Executive
must acknowledge in the Release that the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement or in any long-term incentive award agreements
or any predecessor or successor plan and any and all other agreements between Executive and the Company or to which Executive is a party,
relating to non-competition, non-solicitation of employees, clients and others, non-disparagement and confidentiality will remain in force
for the period specified therein and the Severance Pay that Executive may be entitled to pursuant to this Agreement is additional consideration
for such restrictive covenants. In addition, the Release will provide that the Executive must fully cooperate with the Company, its attorneys,
agents, representatives, and employees with respect to legal and business matters that are either known at the time of Executives
separation from service or that may later become known. Cooperation includes but is not limited to release of documents, review of documents,
and attending depositions, hearings, and trials on reasonable notice. The Release will not contain any further restrictions or other covenants
to which Executive must agree.

(h)Definitions.
For purposes of this Agreement:

"Affiliate" means
an affiliate of the Company (or other referenced entity, as the case may be) as defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under Section 12 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

"Beneficial Owner"
shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act.

"Cause" shall
mean and be limited to the following: (i) conviction of, or guilty plea concerning or confession of any felony, (ii) any act of fraud,
theft or embezzlement committed by Executive in connection with the Company's or its subsidiaries' business, (iii) any material breach
by Executive of this Agreement, after written notice thereof from the Board is given in writing and such breach is not cured to the satisfaction
of the Company within a reasonable period of time (not greater than thirty (30) days) under the circumstances; (iv) any material breach
of any reasonable and lawful rule or directive of the Board which is consistent with Executive's position as CFO, (v) the gross or willful
neglect of duties or gross misconduct by Executive; or (vi) the habitual use of illegal drugs or habitual, excessive use of alcohol to
the extent that any of such uses in the Board's good faith determination materially interferes with the performance of Executive's duties
to the Company.

5

"Change in Control"
shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
(not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or any of its Affiliates)
representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities; (ii) the following
individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors then serving on the Board: individuals who, on December
31, 2024, constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an
actual or threatened election contest, including, but not limited to, a consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors of
the Company) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved or
recommended by a vote of at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the directors then still in office who either were directors on December
31, 2024 or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended; (iii) there is consummated
a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with any other corporation, other than a
merger or consolidation immediately following which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately prior thereto constitute at least
a majority of the Board of the entity surviving such merger or consolidation or, if the Company or the entity surviving such merger is
then a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof; or (iv) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution
of the Company or there is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys
assets, other than (i) a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to an entity, at
least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of the Company following
the completion of such transaction in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale
or (ii) a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets immediately following which the individuals who
comprise the Board immediately prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the entity to which such assets
are sold or disposed or, if such entity is a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(i) a Change in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated
transactions immediately following which the holders of the common stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series
of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company immediately following such transaction or series of transactions and (ii) for each amounts due hereunder that constitutes
deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and solely to the
extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, a Change in Control shall be deemed
to have occurred under this Agreement with respect to such amount only if a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company
or a change in ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company shall also be deemed to have occurred under Section 409A
of the Code, subject to an increases in the percentages provided hereunder as those provided for in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5).

"Disability"
means, as determined by the Board in good faith following the Boards receipt of a written determination of Executives physician,
of Executive's inability, due to disability or incapacity, to perform all of Executive's duties hereunder on a full-time basis for (i)
periods aggregating one hundred eighty (180) days, whether or not continuous, in any continuous period of three hundred and sixty five
(365) days or, (ii) where Executive's absence is adversely affecting the performance of the Company in a significant manner, periods greater
than ninety (90) days and Executive is unable to resume Executive's duties on a full time basis within ten (10) days of receipt of written
notice of the Board's determination under this clause (ii).

"Excise Tax"
means the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto, or any similar tax imposed by state or local
law, or any interest or penalties with respect to such excise tax.

6

"Good Reason"
means the occurrence, without the express prior written consent of Executive, of any of the following circumstances, unless such circumstances
are fully corrected by the Company within thirty (30) days following written notification by Executive (which written notice must be delivered
within ninety (90) days of the occurrence of such circumstances) that Executive intends to terminate Executive's employment for one of
the reasons set forth below: (i) the failure by the Company to pay to Executive any portion of Executive's Base Salary or Annual Bonus
within thirty (30) days following the date such compensation is due; (ii) the relocation of Executive's principal office at the Company
to a location outside a fifty (50) mile radius from Executive's present principal office location with the Company; (iii) Executive is
assigned duties, compensation or responsibilities that are materially reduced with respect to the scope or nature of his duties, compensation
and/or responsibilities immediately prior to such assignment; and (iv) any material breach by the Company of this Agreement. Executive's
right to terminate employment for Good Reason must be exercised by Executive within six (6) months following the initial existence of
the condition that constitutes Good Reason, otherwise Executive's right to terminate employment for Good Reason shall be deemed to have
been waived.

"Person" shall
have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except that such
term shall not include (i) the Company, its Affiliates or any of their respective subsidiaries, (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding
securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities
pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company.

(i)Resignation
as Officer or Director. Upon a termination of employment for any reason, unless requested otherwise by the Company, Executive shall
resign each position (if any) that Executive then holds as an officer or director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Executive's
execution of this Agreement shall be deemed the grant by Executive to the officers of the Company of a limited power of attorney to sign
in Executive's name and on Executive's behalf any such documentation as may be required to be executed solely for the limited purposes
of effectuating such resignations.

(j)Section
409A. It is intended that (i) each installment of the payments provided under this Agreement is a separate "payment" for
purposes of Section 409A of the Code, and (ii) the payments satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application
of Section 409A of the Code provided under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v). Notwithstanding
anything contained to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties
under Section 409A of the Code, Executive shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of this
Agreement and no payments shall be due to Executive under Section 5 hereof until Executive would be considered to have incurred a "separation
from service" (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
if the Company determines (1) that on the date Executive's employment with the Company terminates or at such other time that the Company
determines to be relevant, Executive is a "specified employee" (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(i)(1))
of the Company and (2) that any payments to be provided to Executive pursuant to this Agreement are or may become subject to the additional
tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code or any other taxes or penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code, if provided at the
time otherwise required under this Agreement, then such payments shall be delayed until the date that is six (6) months after the date
of Executive's "separation from service" (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)) with the Company, or,
if earlier, the date of Executive's death. Any payments delayed pursuant to this Section 5(j) shall be made in a lump sum on the first
day of the seventh (7th) month following Executive's "separation from service" (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation
1.409A-1(h)), or, if earlier, the date of Executive's death. In addition, to the extent that any expenses, reimbursement, fringe benefit
or other, similar plan or arrangement in which Executive participates during the term of Executives employment under this Agreement
(including any reimbursements under Section 4(d) hereof) or thereafter provides for a deferral of compensation within the
meaning of Section 409A, then such amount shall be reimbursed in accordance with Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) of the Treasury Regulations,
including (i) the amount eligible for reimbursement or payment under such plan or arrangement in one calendar year may not affect the
amount eligible for reimbursement or payment in any other calendar year (except that a plan providing medical or health benefits may impose
a generally applicable limit on the amount that may be reimbursed or paid), (ii) subject to any shorter time periods provided herein or
the applicable plans or arrangements, any reimbursement or payment of an expense under such plan or arrangement must be made on or before
the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred, and (iii) the right to any reimbursement
or in-kind benefit is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. For purposes of the payment of the Severance Benefits,
the Company may treat the amounts paid by it for premiums as taxable to the Executive or make such payments (less any required withholding)
directly to the Executive to the extent required to avoid adverse consequences to the Executive or the Company under either Section 105(h)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 as
amended, and/or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, as amended (to the extent applicable) (collectively, the PPACA);
provided, further, that the Company may modify or discontinue Severance Benefits to the extent reasonably necessary to avoid the imposition
of any excise taxes on the Company for failure to comply with the nondiscrimination requirements of the PPACA (to the extent applicable).
The Company and the Executive acknowledge that this Agreement shall be deemed a notice and non-renewal by both parties of the Original
Agreement and entry into a new agreement providing for the understanding between the parties related to the subject matter hereof.

7

6.COVENANTS.
The Executive understands the Company has developed, and is continuing to develop, substantial relationships with actual and prospective
officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, customers, referral sources, clients, vendors, suppliers, investors, and equity and
financing sources, associate and customer goodwill, and confidential and proprietary business information and trade secrets, which the
Company and its subsidiaries and Affiliates have the right to protect in order to safeguard their legitimate business interests. Any misappropriation
of such relationships or goodwill, or any improper disclosure or use of the Companys and its subsidiaries and Affiliates
confidential and proprietary business information and trade secrets would be highly detrimental to their business interests in that serious
and substantial loss of business and pecuniary damages would result therefrom. The Executive acknowledges that during the period of his
employment with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate, he shall have access to the Companys Confidential Information (as defined
below) and will meet and develop such relationships and goodwill. Nothing contained in this Section 6 shall limit any common law or statutory
obligation that the Executive may have to the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate. For purposes of this Section 6, the Company
refers to the Company and any incorporated or unincorporated affiliates of the Company, including any entity which becomes the Executives
employer as a result of any reorganization or restructuring of the Company for any reason. The Company shall be entitled, in connection
with its tax planning or other reasons, to terminate the Executives employment (which termination shall not be considered a termination
for any purposes of this Agreement or otherwise) in connection with an invitation from another affiliate of the Company to accept employment
with such affiliate in which case the terms and conditions hereof shall apply to the Executives employment relationship with such
entity mutatis mutandis.

(a)Noncompetition.
The Executive agrees that during the period of his employment with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate and for the one (1) year
period immediately following the termination of such employment for any reason or for no reason, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly,
either as a principal, agent, employee, employer, consultant, partner, shareholder of a closely held corporation or shareholder in excess
of five percent of a publicly traded corporation, corporate officer or director, or in any other individual or representative capacity,
engage or otherwise participate in any manner or fashion in any business that is a Competing Business. For purposes of this Section 6(a),
Competing Business means a business (which shall include any sole proprietorship, partnership, limited partnership, limited
liability partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other for-profit or not-for-profit business organization) engaged in
the business of financing insurance premiums within the United States.

(b)Solicitation
of Employees, Clients, Referral Sources, Vendors, Etc. The Executive agrees that during the period of his employment with the
Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate, and for the one (1) year period immediately following the date of termination of such employment
for any reason, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, jointly or individually, on Executives own behalf or on behalf
of or in assistance to any individual, person or entity, for any purpose or in any place:

(i) solicit
for employment or service, hire, employ or retain the services of any Covered Employee (as defined below) or induce or encourage any Covered
Employee to terminate or sever his, his or its employment or other relationship with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate or any
of their successors or assigns; or

(ii) solicit
business from any Covered Person (as defined below) or induce or encourage any Covered Person to terminate, change or reduce his, her
or its relationship with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate or any of their successors or assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
a general advertisement or solicitation for employment that is not targeted and that does not have the effect of being targeted to any
current or former Covered Employee or Covered Person shall not, by itself, be deemed to be a violation of the restrictions on solicitation
contained in this Section 6(b). For purposes of this Section 6(b), "Covered Employee" shall mean any officer, director, employee,
consultant or agent who is employed or engaged by the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate or any of their successors or assigns or
was so employed or engaged at any time during the twelve (12) months prior to the Executives termination of employment, and "Covered
Person" shall mean any customers, residents, patients, referral sources, clients, vendors, suppliers, investors, equity or financing
sources, or consultants of the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate or any of their successors or assigns.

8

(c)Disparaging
Comments. The Company and Executive agree that during the period of Executive's employment with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate,
and any time thereafter, (i) Executive shall not make any disparaging or defamatory comments regarding the Company or any subsidiary or
Affiliate or any of their successors or assigns, and the Company and its Affiliates shall not make or issue any public statements which
are disparaging or defamatory regarding Executive, and (ii) after termination of Executive's employment relationship with the Company,
neither party shall make any comments concerning any aspect of the termination of their relationship. The obligations of the Company or
Executive under this paragraph shall not apply to disclosures required by applicable law, regulation or order of any court or governmental
agency.

(d)Confidentiality.
All books of account, records, systems, correspondence, documents, memoranda, manuals, email, electronic or magnetic recordings or data
and any and all other data, in whatever form and any copies thereof, concerning or containing any reference to the works and business
of the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate shall belong to the Company and shall be given up to the Company whenever the Company requires
the Executive to do so. The Executive agrees that the Executive shall not at any time during the term of the Executives employment
with the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate, or at any time thereafter, without the Company's prior written consent, disclose to any
individual, person or entity any information or any trade secrets, plans or other information or data, in whatever form (including, without
limitation, (a) any financing strategies and practices, pricing information and methods, training and operational procedures, advertising,
marketing, and sales information or methodologies or financial information and (b) any Proprietary Information (as defined below)), concerning
the Company's or any subsidiary's or Affiliate's or any of their customers', referral sources' or clients' practices, businesses, procedures,
systems, plans or policies (collectively, "Confidential Information"), nor shall the Executive utilize any such Confidential
Information in any way or communicate with or contact any such customer, referral source or client other than in connection with the Executives
employment by the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate. The Executive hereby confirms that all Confidential Information constitutes
the Company's exclusive property, and that all of the restrictions on the Executives activities contained in this Agreement and
such other nondisclosure policies of the Company are required for the Company's reasonable protection. Confidential Information shall
not include any information that has otherwise been disclosed to the public not in violation of this Agreement. This confidentiality provision
shall survive the termination of this Agreement and shall not be limited by any other confidentiality agreements entered into with the
Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement (or any other Company policy or contract
to which the Executive is or was subject) shall be construed to prohibit the Executive from communicating with any federal, state or local
governmental agency or commission with oversight of the Company, as provided for, protected under or warranted by applicable law.

With respect to any Confidential Information that
constitutes a "trade secret" pursuant to applicable law, the restrictions described above shall remain in force for so long
as the particular information remains a trade secret or for the two (2) year period immediately following termination of the Executives
employment for any reason, whichever is longer. With respect to any Confidential Information that does not constitute a "trade secret"
pursuant to applicable law, the restrictions described above shall remain in force during Executives employment and for the two
(2) year period immediately following termination of such employment for any reason.

The Executive agrees that the Executive shall promptly
disclose to the Company in writing all information and inventions generated, conceived or first reduced to practice by his alone or in
conjunction with others, during or after working hours, while in the employ of the Company or any subsidiary or Affiliate (all of which
is collectively referred to in this Agreement as "Proprietary Information"); provided, however, that such Proprietary Information
shall not include (a) any information that has otherwise been disclosed to the public not in violation of this Agreement and (b) general
business knowledge and work skills of the Executive, even if developed or improved by the Executive while in the employ of the Company
or any subsidiary of Affiliate. All such Proprietary Information shall be the exclusive property of the Company and is hereby assigned
by the Executive to the Company. The Executives obligation relative to the disclosure to the Company of such Proprietary Information
anticipated in this Section 6(d) shall continue beyond the Executives termination of employment and the Executive shall, at the
Company's expense, give the Company all assistance it reasonably requires to perfect, protect and use its right to the Proprietary Information.

9

(e)Enforcement.

(i) The
Executive acknowledges that compliance with all provisions, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and the duration, terms
and geographical area thereof, are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its subsidiaries
and Affiliates.

(ii) The
Executive acknowledges that a breach of the Executives obligations under this Section 6 will result in irreparable and continuing
damage to the Company and/or its subsidiaries and Affiliates for which there is no adequate remedy at law.

(iii) The
Executive acknowledges that the Executives education, experience and/or abilities are such that the enforcement of the restrictive
covenants in this Agreement will not prevent the Executive from earning a living and will not cause any undue hardship upon the Executive.

(iv) In
the event of the violation by the Executive of any of the covenants contained in Section 6, the terms of each such covenant so violated
shall be automatically extended from the date on which the Executive permanently ceases such violation for a period equal to the period
in which the Executive was in breach of the covenant or for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the entry by a court of competent
jurisdiction of an order or judgment enforcing such covenant(s), whichever period is later.

(v) The
Executive agrees that, in the event of any breach of the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement, the Company and/or its subsidiaries
and Affiliates shall be entitled to obtain, from any court of competent jurisdiction, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief to restrain
the violation of the terms hereof by the Executive, and all persons acting for or on the Executives behalf.

(vi) Each
of the restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement is independent of any other contractual obligations of this Agreement or otherwise
owed by the Executive to the Company and/or its subsidiaries and Affiliates. The existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive
against the Company and/or its subsidiaries or Affiliates, whether based on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not create a defense to
the enforcement by the Company and/or its subsidiaries and Affiliates of any restrictive covenant contained in this Agreement.

(f) Remedies.

(i) It
is intended that, in view of the nature of the Company's and its subsidiaries' and Affiliates' business, the restrictions contained in
this Agreement are considered reasonable and necessary to protect the Company's and its subsidiaries' and Affiliates' legitimate business
interests and that any violation of these restrictions would result in irreparable injury to the Company and/or its subsidiaries and Affiliates.
In the event of a material breach (a Covenant Breach) or threatened breach of a material term by the Executive, the
Company and its subsidiaries and Affiliates shall be entitled to a temporary restraining order and injunctive relief without the posting
of a bond. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as prohibiting the Company or its subsidiaries or Affiliates from pursuing any
other legal or equitable remedies available to it or them for any breach or threatened breach of a material term, including, without limitation,
recoupment and other remedies specified in the Agreement. In the event of a dispute regarding, arising out of, or in connection with the
breach, enforcement or interpretation of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any action seeking injunctive relief, the prevailing
party shall recover all reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection therewith.

(ii) In
the event of a Covenant Breach, the Company shall have the authority to cancel or recoup LTI Awards in accordance with the terms of such
awards; provided, that in the case of a Covenant Breach with respect to Section 6(a) and only with respect to LTI Awards granted after
the date of this Agreement, the Company may not exercise such remedy unless Executive shall not have fully corrected such circumstances
within thirty (30) days following written notification from the Company. This remedy shall be in addition to all other remedies, including
those set forth in this Agreement and any other agreements between the parties.

10

7.SECTION
280G.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement to the contrary, in the event that any payment or benefit received
or to be received by Executive (whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement) (all such
payments and benefits, the "Total Payments") would not be deductible (in whole or in part) by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or Affiliates making such payment or providing such benefits as a result of Section 280G of the Code, then, to the extent
necessary to make such portion of the Total Payments deductible, the portion of the Total Payments that do not constitute deferred compensation
within the meaning of Section 409A shall first be reduced (if necessary, to zero) in accordance with Section 409A, and all other Total
Payments shall thereafter be reduced (if necessary, to zero) in accordance with Section 409A with cash payments being reduced before non-cash
payments, and payments to be paid last being reduced first, but only if (i) the net amount of such Total Payments, as so reduced (and
after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after taking into account
the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such reduced Total Payments) is greater than or equal to
(ii) the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (but after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income
taxes on such Total Payments and the amount of Excise Tax to which the Eligible Employee would be subject in respect of such unreduced
Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced
Total Payments).

(b) For purposes
of this limitation, (i) no portion of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which Executive shall have waived at such time and
in such manner as not to constitute a "payment" within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into account;
(ii) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of tax counsel ("Tax Counsel")
reasonably acceptable to Executive and selected by the accounting firm which was, immediately prior to the Change in Control, the Company's
independent auditor (the "Auditor"), does not constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of Section
280G(b)(2) of the Code, including by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code; (iii) the severance payments payable to Executive pursuant
to Section 5 hereof shall be reduced only to the extent necessary so that the Total Payments (other than those referred to in clauses
(i) or (ii) of this paragraph) in their entirety constitute reasonable compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning
of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code or are otherwise not subject to disallowance as deductions by reason of Section 280G of the Code,
in the opinion of Tax Counsel; and (iv) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments
shall be determined by the Auditor in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code.

8.ASSIGNMENT.
This Agreement, and all of the terms and conditions hereof, shall bind the Company and its successors and assigns and shall bind Executive
and Executive's heirs, executors and administrators. No transfer or assignment of this Agreement shall release the Company from any obligation
to Executive hereunder. Neither this Agreement, nor any of the Company's rights or obligations hereunder, may be assigned by Executive,
and any such attempted assignment shall be null and void. The Company may assign the rights and obligations of the Company hereunder,
in whole or in part, to any of the Company's subsidiaries, Affiliates or parent corporations, provided that such subsidiary, Affiliate
or parent corporation directly or indirectly owns all or substantially all of the Company's consolidated assets, or to any other successor
or assign in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the Company's assets or stock or in connection with any merger, acquisition
and/or reorganization, provided the assignee assumes the obligations of the Company hereunder.

9. GENERAL.

(a) Notices.
Any notices provided hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon the earlier of one (1) business day following personal
delivery (including personal delivery by telecopy or telex), or the third (3rd) business day after mailing by first class mail to the
recipient at the address indicated below:

11

To the Company:

General Counsel

Joel Bernstein

2666 Tigertail Ave.,

Suite 104

Miami, FL 33133

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Chairman of the Board

c/o Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc.

13590 SW 134 Ave

Suite 214

Miami, FL 33186

To Executive:

Brian Krogol:

At the address shown in the Company's personnel records or to such other
address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party will have specified by prior written notice to the sending party.

(b) Severability.
Any provision of this Agreement which is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
shall, as to that jurisdiction and subject to this paragraph be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability,
without affecting in any way the remaining provisions hereof in such jurisdiction or rendering that or any other provisions of this Agreement
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any other jurisdiction. If any covenant should be deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction because its scope is considered excessive, such covenant shall be modified so that the scope of the covenant
is reduced only to the minimum extent necessary to render the modified covenant valid, legal and enforceable.

(c) Entire
Agreement. This document, together with all restrictive covenants in any and all agreements between Executive and the Company or to
which Executive is a party, and that certain Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, between the Company and Executive,
constitute the final, complete, and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement and understanding between the parties related to the
subject matter hereof and except as otherwise explicitly set forth in this Agreement, supersedes and preempts any prior or contemporaneous
understandings, agreements, or representations by or between the parties, written or oral.

(d) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed on separate counterparts, any one (1) of which need not contain signatures of more than one (1) party,
but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same agreement.

(e) Amendments.
No amendments or other modifications to this Agreement may be made except by a writing signed by all parties. No amendment or waiver of
this Agreement requires the consent of any individual, partnership, corporation or other entity not a party to this Agreement. Nothing
in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any third person any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.

(f) Choice
of Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
the State of Florida without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law of such state.

(g) Survivorship.
The provisions of this Agreement necessary to carry out the intention of the parties as expressed herein shall survive the termination
or expiration of this Agreement.

(h) Waiver.
The waiver by either party of the other party's prompt and complete performance, or breach or violation, of any provision of this Agreement
shall not operate nor be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or violation, and the failure by any party hereto to exercise
any right or remedy which it may possess hereunder shall not operate nor be construed as a bar to the exercise of such right or remedy
by such party upon the occurrence of any subsequent breach or violation. No waiver shall be deemed to have occurred unless set forth in
a writing executed by or on behalf of the waiving party. No such written waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically
stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver
of such term or condition for the future or as to any act other than that specifically waived.

12

(i) Captions.
The captions of this Agreement are for convenience and reference only and in no way define, describe, extend or limit the scope or intent
of this Agreement or the intent of any provision hereof.

(j) Construction.
The parties acknowledge that this Agreement is the result of arm's-length negotiations between sophisticated parties, each afforded representation
by legal counsel. Each and every provision of this Agreement shall be construed as though both parties participated equally in the drafting
of the same, and any rule of construction that a document shall be construed against the drafting party shall not be applicable to this
Agreement.

(k) Arbitration.
Except as necessary for the Company and its subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors or assigns or Executive to specifically enforce or enjoin
a breach of this Agreement, the parties agree that any and all disputes that may arise in connection with, arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, or any dispute that relates in any way, in whole or in part, to Executive's services on behalf of the Company or any
subsidiary, the termination of such services or any other dispute by and between the parties or their subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors
or assigns, shall be submitted to binding arbitration in Miami Dade County, Florida according to the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules
and procedures of the American Arbitration Association. This arbitration obligation extends to any and all claims that may arise by and
between the parties or their subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors or assigns, and expressly extends to, without limitation, claims or
causes of action for wrongful termination, impairment of ability to compete in the open labor market, breach of an express or implied
contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, misrepresentation, defamation, slander,
infliction of emotional distress, disability, loss of future earnings, and claims under the United States Constitution, and applicable
state and federal fair employment laws, federal and state equal employment opportunity laws, and federal and state labor statutes and
regulations, including, but not limited to, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Fair Labor Standards Act, as amended, the Americans
With Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, and any other state or federal law.

(l) Clawback.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any performance-based incentive compensation amounts paid or payable to Executive shall
be subject to forfeiture, reduction, and/or recoupment (i) to the extent provided in the Companys Clawback and Forfeiture Policy,
as it may be amended from time to time; (ii) to the extent that Executive becomes subject to any other recoupment or clawback policy hereafter
adopted by the Company, including any such policy adopted by the Company to comply with the requirements of any applicable laws, rules,
regulations, or stock exchange listing requirements, including pursuant to final SEC rules under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act, or (iii) to the extent provided under applicable legal requirements which impose recoupment, under circumstances
set forth in such applicable legal requirements, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions
of this paragraph apply solely with respect to performance-based short-term or long-term cash or equity-based incentive compensation awarded
on or after December 31, 2024 (and for the avoidance of doubt, such forfeiture, reduction, and/or recoupment shall not apply to short-term
cash incentive compensation paid for a performance period ending prior to, or to performance-based LTI Awards granted prior to, December
31, 2024).

10.EXECUTIVE
REPRESENTATION AND ACCEPTANCE. By signing this Agreement, Executive hereby represents that Executive is not currently under any contractual
obligation to work for another employer and that Executive is not restricted by any agreement or arrangement from entering into this Agreement
and performing Executive's duties hereunder.

[Remainder of page is left blank intentionally]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF AND INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND
THEREBY, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement effective as of the year and date first above written.

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Carl Christian Hoechner 

Name: Carl Christian Hoechner

Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

By: /s/ Margaret Ruiz 

Name: Margaret Ruiz

Title: Secretary

EXECUTIVE

/s/
Brian Krogol

Brian Krogol

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement]

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10x6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PERFORMANCE-BASED CASH AWARD AGREEMENT WITH BRIAN KROGOL
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

PERFORMANCE-BASED CASH AWARD AGREEMENT

This Performance-Based Cash Award
Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025 (the Date of Grant), is made by and between Standard
Premium Finance Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company), and Brian Krogol (the Participant). Capitalized
terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive
Plan (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the Plan). Where the context permits, references to the Company shall
include any successor to the Company.

1. Grant of Awards.

(a) The Company hereby grants
to the Participant a cash-based Performance Award (the Award) representing the right to receive a target cash payment of
$175,000 (the Target Award) under the Plan. The Award is comprised of four tranches (each a Tranche), each
of which shall be subject to the applicable performance criteria set forth below and the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.

% of Target Award Performance Criteria Scheduled Vesting Date

First Tranche 20% Exhibit A December 31, 2025

Second Tranche 10% Exhibit B December 31, 2025

Third Tranche 50% Exhibit C December 31, 2025

Fourth Tranche 20% Exhibit D December 31, 2025

(b) Cash payments in addition
to 100% of the target amount for each Tranche may become available to the Participant as set forth in Section 2(a). If and when any such
additional amounts become available, they shall be part of the applicable Tranche and subject to all of the terms and conditions of the
Plan and this Agreement.

2. Vesting.

(a) General. Except
as otherwise provided herein, vesting with respect to each Tranche is subject to the satisfaction of both the Performance Criteria and
the Service Condition (each as defined below) applicable to the Tranche. Subject to the provisions set forth below, each Tranche may vest
on the scheduled vesting date set forth in Section 1(a) (together with any other date on which any portion of this Award may vest pursuant
to this Section 2, a Vesting Date), with the exact percentage of each Tranche that vests to be determined by the degree
to which the Companys performance results meet the applicable performance criteria set forth on Exhibit A through Exhibit
D hereto (the Performance Criteria). Following the completion of the performance period on December 31, 2025 (for the
First, Second, Third and Fourth Tranche), (as applicable, the Measurement Date), the Administrator shall determine the Companys
performance results relative to the applicable Performance Criteria. If the Companys performance results are less than 100% on
the scale set forth in the applicable Performance Criteria, any portion of the applicable Tranche that is not earned shall be forfeited
and be deemed no longer to be part of this Agreement effective as of the Measurement Date. If the Companys performance results
exceed 100% on the scale set forth in the applicable Performance Criteria, any additional portion of the applicable Tranche earned in
excess of the applicable portion of the Target Award (the Additional Award Amount) shall become part of such Tranche effective
as of the applicable Measurement Date. Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, vesting of any portion of this Award on any
Vesting Date is subject to the continued employment of the Participant by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (or a successor
to any of them) from the Date of Grant to such Vesting Date (the Service Condition).

1

(b) Change in Control.

(i) Upon
the occurrence of a Change in Control, if the portion of the Award that is outstanding effective immediately prior to such Change in Control
is not assumed, continued or substituted on the same terms and conditions that were applicable to the Award outstanding effective immediately
prior to the Change in Control, then the entire amount of the outstanding Award (including any unpaid Additional Award Amount that has
been determined for a Tranche having a Measurement Date prior to the Change in Control) that has not yet been forfeited shall vest and
be settled upon the consummation of the Change in Control.

(ii) Upon
the consummation of a Change in Control in which the portion of the Award that is outstanding effective immediately prior to such Change
in Control is assumed, continued or substituted on the same terms and conditions that were applicable to the Award outstanding effective
immediately prior to the Change in Control, such portion of the Award shall continue to vest subject to the Service Condition, and the
Performance Criteria with respect to a particular Tranche shall no longer apply if the Change in Control occurs prior to the Measurement
Date applicable to such Tranche (and for the avoidance of doubt, no Additional Award Amounts shall be paid or payable under this Agreement
with respect to a particular Tranche in the event that a Change in Control occurs prior to the Measurement Date for such Tranche).

(iii) Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 2(b) to the contrary, in the event that the Participants employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries
and Affiliates (or a successor to any of them) is terminated within eighteen (18) months following a Change in Control by the Company
(or such other entity) without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement by and between the
Company and the Participant dated as of March 31, 2025), then the portion of the Award that is outstanding effective on the date of such
termination shall vest effective upon such termination and be paid within 30 days following such termination.

(c) Termination of Employment.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2(c) and Section 2(b)(iii), upon termination of the Participants employment with the
Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates for any reason, any unvested portion of the Award that is outstanding on the date of such
termination shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited and neither the Participant nor any of the Participants
successors, heirs, assigns, or personal representatives shall thereafter have any further rights or interests in such portion of the Award.
In the event that the Participants employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates is terminated by the Company
without Cause or on account of the Participants death or Disability, the following percentages of the applicable Tranches that
are outstanding effective on the date of such termination of employment shall remain outstanding following such termination and shall
be eligible to vest (including any Additional Award Amounts that are so determined) subject to the achievement of the Performance Criteria
as if the Service Condition shall have been met as of the applicable Vesting Date:

(i) 100%
of the Third Tranche and 25% of the First, Second, and Fourth Tranche for such termination that occurs on or prior to February 28, 2026
(with 75% of the First, Second, and Fourth Tranche, to be forfeited at termination);

(ii) 100%
of the Third Tranche and Second Tranche, and 50% of the First, Second, and Fourth Tranche, for such termination that occurs after February
28, 2026 (with 50% of the First, Second, and Fourth Tranche, to be forfeited at termination);

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A)
in the event of a Change in Control following a termination event described in this Section 2(c), the amount of Award outstanding effective
on the date of such Change in Control shall vest and be settled upon the consummation of the Change in Control; and (B) in the event Participants
employment is terminated on account of Disability and Participant did not actively provide services on at least one day in the one-year
period immediately preceding the date set forth in clause (i) or the later date set forth in the applicable clause (ii), (iii), or (iv),
then the treatment of the outstanding Tranches shall be as set forth in the earlier clause for which Participant actively provided services
at least one day in the one-year period immediately preceding such date or later date, as applicable, set forth in such clause (and in
the event that Participant did not actively provide services on at least one day in the one-year period immediately preceding the date
set forth in clause (i), then 100% of the Tranches shall be forfeited at termination).

2

3. Settlement of Award.
As soon as practicable following each Vesting Date (but in no event later than 30 days following the Vesting Date or such earlier time
specified in Section 2(b) or Section 2(c)), the Company shall pay to the Participant an amount of cash equal to the portion of the Award
that has vested pursuant to this Agreement on such date, subject to Section 7.

4. No Rights as a Stockholder.
The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any portion of this Award.

5. Certain Changes.
The Administrator may accelerate the vesting dates or otherwise adjust any of the terms of this Award; provided that, no action under
this Section shall adversely affect the Participants rights hereunder.

6. Notices. All notices
and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by facsimile or first class mail, certified or registered
with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given three days after mailing or 24 hours after transmission by
facsimile to the respective parties, as follows: (i) if to the Company:

General Counsel

Joel Bernstein

2666 Tigertail Ave.,

Suite 104

Miami, FL 33133

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Chairman of the Board

c/o Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc.

13590 SW 134 Ave

Suite 214

Miami, FL 33186

and (ii) if to the Participant,
using the contact information on file with the Company. Either party hereto may change such partys address for notices by notice
duly given pursuant hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any notice or other
communications related to the Award, this Agreement or current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant
hereby consents to receive such notices and other communications by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through
an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the Companys
stock plan service providers website).

7. Taxes and Withholding.
The Participant has reviewed with the Participants own tax advisors the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations
of the Company or any of its agents. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant is responsible for the tax consequences
associated with the grant and vesting of this Award. The Company shall withhold from the payment of any portion of the Award hereunder
such amounts not exceeding the applicable taxes to be withheld and applied to the tax and withholding obligations of the Participant and
the Company as determined by the Company. In making its determination, the Company may calculate such amount by taking into account applicable
withholding rates not exceeding the maximum individual statutory tax rates in the Participants applicable jurisdictions.

8. Failure to Enforce
Not a Waiver. The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be
a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof.

3

9. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its principles of conflict
of laws.

10. Incorporation of
Plan. The Plan is hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof, and the Award and this Agreement shall be subject to all
terms and conditions of the Plan.

11. Amendments; Construction.
The Administrator may amend the terms of this Agreement prospectively or retroactively at any time, but no such amendment shall impair
the rights of the Participant hereunder without the Participants consent. Headings to Sections of this Agreement are intended for
convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall have no effect on the interpretation hereof.

12. Survival of Terms.
This Agreement shall apply to and bind the Participant and the Company and their respective permitted assignees and transferees, heirs,
legatees, executors, administrators and legal successors. The terms of Section 18 of this Agreement shall expressly survive the vesting
and/or forfeiture of this Award and any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

13. Agreement Not a Contract
for Services. Neither the Plan, the granting of this Award, this Agreement nor any other action taken pursuant to the Plan shall constitute
or be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Participant has a right to continue to provide services
as an officer, director, employee, consultant or advisor of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate for any period of time or at any
specific rate of compensation.

14. Restrictions.
No portion of this Award may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Participant. Unless
the Administrator determines otherwise, upon any attempt to transfer this Award or any rights in respect of this Award before the lapse
of such restrictions, this Award, and all of the rights related thereto, shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant without consideration
of any kind.

15. Authority of the
Administrator. The Administrator shall have full authority to interpret and construe the terms of the Plan and this Agreement (including,
without limitation, the authority to determine whether, and the extent to which, any Performance Criteria have been achieved). Pursuant
to the terms of the Plan, the Administrator shall also have full authority to make equitable adjustments to the Performance Criteria in
recognition of unusual or non-recurring events affecting the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate or the financial statements of the
Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, in response to changes in applicable laws or regulations, or to account for items of gain, loss
or expense determined to be extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence or related to the disposal of a segment of
a business or related to a change in accounting principles. The determination of the Administrator as to any such matter of interpretation
or construction shall be final, binding and conclusive.

16. Severability.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified,
such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon
the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Agreement.
Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope,
activity, subject or otherwise so as to be unenforceable, in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision, such provision or provisions
shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body by limiting or reducing it or them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent
compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear, and such determination by such judicial body shall not affect the enforceability
of such provision or provisions in any other jurisdiction.

17. Acceptance. The
Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and understands the terms and
provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, and accepts the Award subject to all the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.
The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any
questions arising under this Agreement. By the Participants electronically accepting this Award using an online or electronic system
established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the Companys stock plan service
providers website), the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the
same instrument. The Participants electronic acceptance of this Award shall have the same validity and effect as a signature affixed
to this Agreement by the Participants hand.

4

18. Clawback. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, this Award (and any cash paid to the Participant upon settlement thereof) shall be subject to forfeiture,
reduction, and/or recoupment (i) to the extent provided in the Companys Clawback and Forfeiture Policy, as it may be amended from
time to time (the Clawback Policy); (ii) to the extent that Participant becomes subject to any other recoupment or clawback
policy hereafter adopted by the Company, including any such policy adopted by the Company to comply with the requirements of any applicable
laws, rules, regulations, or stock exchange listing requirements, including pursuant to final SEC rules under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or (iii) to the extent provided under applicable legal requirements which impose recoupment, under
circumstances set forth in such applicable legal requirements, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

19. Section 409A.
This Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner that all provisions relating to the settlement of this Award are exempt from the
requirements of Section 409A of the Code as short-term deferrals as described in Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or an accompanying election form executed by the Participant, if (i) on the date of the Participants
Separation from Service with the Company the Participant is a specified employee (as such term is defined under Section
1.409A-1(i) of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 409A of the Code) of the Company and (ii) any payments to be provided
to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement are or may become subject to the additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code,
or any other taxes or penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code if provided at the time otherwise required under this Agreement,
then such payments shall be delayed until the date that is six months after the date of the Participants separation from service
from the Company, or if earlier, his or her death. Any payments delayed pursuant to this paragraph shall be made in a lump sum on the
first day of the seventh month following the Participants separation from service, or if earlier, the Participants death.
Each payment upon settlement of this Award constitutes a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, if and to the extent that any payment under this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation
under Section 409A of the Code, and is payable upon (i) the Participants termination of employment, then such payment shall be
made or provided to the Participant only upon a separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code,
or (ii) a Change in Control, then such payment shall be made or provided to the Participant only upon a change in the ownership,
a change in effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the applicable
corporation as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code.

[Signature page to follow.]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Carl Christian Hoechner 

Name: Carl Christian Hoechner

Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

PARTICIPANT

/s/
Brian Krogol

Brian Krogol

6

EXHIBIT A

Credit Facility - Size*

Credit Facility Size % of Target First Tranche to Vest

$80,000,000 (Maximum) 100%

$60,000,000 (Target) 60%

$55,000,000 40%

$45,000,000 (Threshold) 10%

*Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and
the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in the Plan and the Agreement.

A-1

EXHIBIT B

Credit Facility Rate*

Growth Rate % of Target Second Tranche to Vest

SOFR + 2.00 100%

SOFR + 2.30 (Target) 75%

SOFR + 2.60 40%

SOFR + 2.75 (Threshold) 10%

*Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and
the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in the Plan and the Agreement.

B-1

EXHIBIT C

2025 Diluted EPS*

Vesting of the Third Tranche (plus any Additional
Award Amount that becomes payable pursuant to Section 2(a) of the Agreement) will be dependent upon the Companys one-year growth
of Diluted EPS for fiscal 2025 compared to a three-year average of fiscal 2022, 2023, and 2024 as set forth in the grid below, with vesting
to be interpolated on a straight-line basis between the applicable levels based on actual results. Diluted EPS means the Diluted EPS as
reported by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K, earnings release and/or supplemental information for the year ended December
31, 2025.

Growth Rate % of Target Third Tranche to Vest

3Y Average + 250% 100%

3Y Average + 100% 30%

3Y Average + 50% (Target) 20%

3Y Average 10%

3Y Average - 10% (Threshold) 5%

*Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and
the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in the Plan and the Agreement.

C-1

EXHIBIT D

NASDAQ Listing*

Vesting of the Fourth Tranche (plus any Additional
Award Amount that becomes payable pursuant to Section 2(a) of the Agreement) will be dependent upon the Companys listing on the
NASDAQ.

NASDAQ % of Target Fourth Tranche to Vest

Listed 100%

Unlisted (Threshold) 0%

*Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and
the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in the Plan and the Agreement.

D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10x7.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT WITH BRIAN KROGOL
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

UNDER THE STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

This Award Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March
31, 2025 (the Date of Grant), is made by and between Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation (the
Company), and Brian Krogol (the Participant). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning
ascribed to them in the Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and/or restated from time to time,
the Plan). Where the context permits, references to the Company shall include any successor to the Company.

1. Grant
of PSUs.

(a) The
Company hereby grants to the Participant Twelve Thousand Five Hundred (12,500) performance-based restricted stock units under the Plan,
the vesting with respect to 70% of the units is subject to the performance criteria set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the First
Tranche PSUs) and with respect to 30% of the units is subject to the performance criteria set forth on Exhibit B hereto
(the Second Tranche PSUs), and all which shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
Plan. The First Tranche PSUs and the Second Tranche PSUs shall collectively be referred to in this Agreement as the PSUs.

(b) Additional
performance-based restricted stock units may become issuable to the Participant under the Plan as set forth in Section 3(a). If and
when any such additional units become issuable, such additional units shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan
and this Agreement as First Tranche PSUs or Second Tranche PSUs, as applicable.

2. Restrictions.
The PSUs may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Participant, and any shares of
Stock issuable with respect to the PSUs may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until such
shares of Stock have been issued to the Participant upon vesting of the PSUs in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement.
Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, upon any attempt to transfer PSUs or any rights in respect of PSUs before the lapse of
such restrictions, such PSUs, and all of the rights related thereto, shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and transferred
to, and reacquired by, the Company without consideration of any kind.

3. Vesting.

(a) General.
Vesting of the PSUs is subject to the satisfaction of both the Performance Criteria and the Service Condition (each as defined below).
Subject to the provisions set forth below, the First Tranche PSUs may vest on March 31, 2026 (the First Vesting Date), and
the Second Tranche PSUs may vest on March 31, 2026 (the Second Vesting Date, and together with the First Vesting Date
and any other date on which PSUs may vest pursuant to this Section 3, a Vesting Date), with the exact percentage that
vest to be determined by the degree to which the Companys performance results meet the performance criteria set forth on Exhibit
A and Exhibit B hereto, respectively (the Performance Criteria). Following the completion of the performance
periods on December 31, 2025 (the Measurement Date), the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors
(the Committee) shall determine the Companys performance results relative to the applicable Performance Criteria.
If the Companys performance results are less than 100% on the scale set forth in the applicable Performance Criteria, any First
Tranche PSUs or Second Tranche PSUs which are not earned shall forfeit and be deemed no longer to be outstanding for purposes of this
Agreement effective as of the Measurement Date. If the Companys performance results exceed 100% on the scale set forth in the applicable
Performance Criteria, any additional performance-based restricted stock units earned in excess of 100% (the Additional PSUs)
shall be issued automatically under the Plan, become First Tranche PSUs or Second Tranche PSUs, as applicable, and be deemed to be outstanding
for purposes of this Agreement effective as of the Measurement Date. Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, vesting of the
PSUs on any Vesting Date is subject to the continued employment of the Participant by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates
(or a successor to any of them) from the Date of Grant to such Vesting Date (the Service Condition).

1

(b) Change
in Control.

(i) Upon
the occurrence of a Change in Control, if the PSUs outstanding effective immediately prior to such Change in Control are not assumed,
continued or substituted with an award relating to a publicly-traded security of the acquirer (or the Company) on the same terms and conditions
that were applicable to the PSUs outstanding effective immediately prior to the Change in Control, then all such PSUs shall vest and be
settled upon the consummation of the Change in Control.

(ii) Upon
the consummation of a Change in Control in which the PSUs outstanding effective immediately prior to such Change in Control are assumed,
continued or substituted with an award relating to a publicly-traded security of the acquirer (or the Company) on the same terms and conditions
that were applicable to the PSUs outstanding effective immediately prior to the Change in Control, such PSUs shall continue to vest subject
to the Service Condition, and the Performance Criteria shall no longer apply if such Change in Control occurs prior to the Measurement
Date (and for the avoidance of doubt, no Additional PSUs shall be issued or issuable under this Agreement in the event that a Change in
Control occurs prior to the Measurement Date).

(iii) Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 3(b) to the contrary, in the event that the Participants employment with the Company, a Subsidiary,
or an Affiliate (or a successor to any of them) is terminated within eighteen (18) months following a Change in Control by the Company
(or such other entity) without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement by and between the
Company and the Participant dated as of March 31, 2025), then any PSUs outstanding effective upon the date of such termination shall vest
effective upon such termination and be settled within 30 days following such termination.

(c) Termination
of Employment. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3(c) and Section 3(b)(iii), upon termination of the Participants
employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates for any reason, all unvested PSUs outstanding effective as of the date
of such termination shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited and neither the Participant nor any of the Participants
successors, heirs, assigns, or personal representatives shall thereafter have any further rights or interests in such PSUs. In the event
that the Participants employment with the Company, a Subsidiary, or an Affiliate is terminated by the Company (or such other entity)
without Cause, by the Participant for Good Reason, or on account of the Participants death or Disability, a Pro Rata Percentage
(as hereinafter defined) of the PSUs outstanding effective as of the date of such termination of employment shall remain outstanding following
such termination and shall be eligible to vest subject to the achievement of the Performance Criteria as if the Service Condition shall
have been met as of the applicable Vesting Date. For purposes of this Section 3(c), Pro Rata Percentage means:

(A) with
respect to the First Tranche PSUs, 33 1/3% if a termination described in Section 3(c) occurs on or prior to June 30, 2025; 66
2/3% if such termination occurs after September 30, 2025 but on or prior to December 31, 2025; and 100% if such termination occurs
after December 31, 2025; and

(B) 
with respect to the Second Tranche PSUs, 33 1/3% if a termination described in Section 3(c) occurs on or prior to June 30, 2025;
66 2/3% if such termination occurs after September 30, 2025 but on or prior to December 31, 2025; and 100% if such termination occurs
after December 31, 2025.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event
of a Change in Control following a termination event described in this Section 3(c), the Pro Rata Percentage of the PSUs that would
have vested under Section 3(b) above had the Participant met the Service Condition as of the Change in Control (regardless of whether
the PSUs are assumed, continued or substituted in the Change in Control) shall vest and be settled as of the date of the Change in Control.

4. 
Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. As soon as practicable following each Vesting Date (but in no event later than 30 days following
the Vesting Date or such earlier time specified in Section 3(b) or Section 3(c)), the Company shall issue to the Participant
the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of PSUs that have vested pursuant to this Agreement on such date and
the Participant shall thereafter have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such shares. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, no fractional shares shall vest or be issuable under this Agreement, and any such fractional shares
shall be rounded down to the next whole share; provided, that the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide a cash payment
in lieu of any such fractional share.

2

5. Rights
as a Stockholder. The Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to PSUs outstanding on any applicable record date. Any
ordinary or extraordinary cash or stock dividend that may be declared and paid on the Common Stock with a record date on or after the
Date of Grant and prior to the settlement date of PSUs shall be deposited (in the same form as was payable to the holders of Common Stock)
in an account and be paid upon, and subject to, the vesting and settlement of the PSUs (provided that dividend equivalents shall accrue
for any Additional PSUs earned pursuant to Section 3(a) as if such Additional PSUs were issued as of the Date of Grant). For the
avoidance of doubt, the Participant shall not be entitled to payment of dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to a PSU unless
and until the vesting and settlement of such PSU in accordance with this Agreement, and all such dividends or dividend equivalents with
respect to any PSU shall forfeit upon the forfeiture of such the PSU.

6. Adjustments.
Pursuant to Section 16 of the Plan, in the event of a change in capitalization as described therein, the Administrator shall make
such equitable changes or adjustments, as it deems necessary or appropriate, in its discretion, to the Performance Criteria and to the
number and kind of securities or other property (including cash) issued or issuable in respect of outstanding PSUs.

7. Certain
Changes. The Administrator may accelerate the vesting dates or otherwise adjust any of the terms of the PSUs; provided that, subject
to Section 16 of the Plan and Section 21 of this Agreement, no action under this Section shall adversely affect the Participants
rights hereunder.

8. Notices.
All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by facsimile or first class mail, certified
or registered with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given three days after mailing or 24 hours after transmission
by facsimile to the respective parties, as follows: (i) if to the Company:

General Counsel

Joel Bernstein

2666 Tigertail Ave.,

Suite 104

Miami, FL 33133

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Chairman of the Board

c/o Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc.

13590 SW 134 Ave

Suite 214

Miami, FL 33186

and (ii) if to the
Participant, using the contact information on file with the Company. Either party hereto may change such partys address for notices
by notice duly given pursuant hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any notice
or other communications related to the PSUs, this Agreement or current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant
hereby consents to receive such notices and other communications by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through
an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the Companys
stock plan service providers website).

9. Taxes.
The Participant has reviewed with the Participants own tax advisors the Federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations
of the Company or any of its agents. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant is responsible for the tax consequences
associated with the award and vesting of PSUs.

3

10. Withholding.
Delivery of shares of Stock is conditioned upon Participants making arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment
of income and employment tax withholding requirements as set forth in Section 24 of the Plan; provided, however, that the Participant
may elect, without the consent of the Company, to have the Company withhold from delivery of shares of Stock issuable upon the settlement
of the RSUs such number of shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value not exceeding the applicable taxes to be withheld and applied to
the tax obligations of the Participant as determined by the Company. In making its determination, the Company may calculate such amount
by taking into account applicable withholding rates not exceeding the maximum individual statutory tax rates in the Participants
applicable jurisdictions.

11. Failure
to Enforce Not a Waiver. The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed
to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof.

12. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its principles
of conflict of laws.

13. Incorporation
of Plan. The Plan is hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof, and the PSUs and this Agreement shall be subject to
all terms and conditions of the Plan.

14. Amendments;
Construction. The Administrator may amend the terms of this Agreement prospectively or retroactively at any time, but no such amendment
shall impair the rights of the Participant hereunder without the Participants consent. Headings to Sections of this Agreement are
intended for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall have no effect on the interpretation hereof.

15. Survival
of Terms. This Agreement shall apply to and bind the Participant and the Company and their respective permitted assignees and transferees,
heirs, legatees, executors, administrators and legal successors. The terms of Section 21 shall expressly survive the vesting and/or
forfeiture of the PSUs and any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

16. Compliance
with Stock Ownership and Retention Guidelines. The Participant hereby agrees to comply with the Companys Stock Ownership and
Retention Guidelines (as amended from time to time, the Guidelines), to the extent such Guidelines are applicable, or become
applicable, to the Participant. The Participant further acknowledges that, if the Participant is not in compliance with such Guidelines
(if applicable), the Administrator may refrain from issuing additional equity awards to the Participant and/or elect to pay the Participants
annual bonus in the form of vested or unvested Common Stock.

17. Agreement
Not a Contract for Services. Neither the Plan, the granting of the PSUs, this Agreement nor any other action taken pursuant to the
Plan shall constitute or be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Participant has a right to continue
to provide services as an officer, director, employee, consultant or advisor of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate for any period
of time or at any specific rate of compensation.

18. Authority
of the Administrator. The Administrator shall have full authority to interpret and construe the terms of the Plan and this Agreement
(including, without limitation, the authority to determine whether, and the extent to which, any Performance Criteria have been achieved).
Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the Administrator shall also have full authority to make equitable adjustments to the Performance Criteria
in recognition of unusual or non-recurring events affecting the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate or the financial statements of
the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, in response to changes in applicable laws or regulations, or to account for items of gain,
loss or expense determined to be extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence or related to the disposal of a segment
of a business or related to a change in accounting principles. The determination of the Administrator as to any such matter of interpretation
or construction shall be final, binding and conclusive.

19. Severability.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified,
such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon
the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Agreement.
Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope,
activity, subject or otherwise so as to be unenforceable, in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision, such provision or provisions
shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body by limiting or reducing it or them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent
compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear, and such determination by such judicial body shall not affect the enforceability
of such provision or provisions in any other jurisdiction.

4

20. Acceptance.
The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and understands the terms
and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, and accepts the PSUs subject to all the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.
The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any
questions arising under this Agreement. By the Participants electronically accepting the award of the PSUs
using an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the
Companys stock plan service providers website), the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan
and this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Participants electronic acceptance of the award of the PSUs shall have
the same validity and effect as a signature affixed to this Agreement by the Participants hand.

21. Clawback.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this award (and any shares of Stock delivered to the Participant upon settlement thereof)
shall be subject to forfeiture, reduction, and/or recoupment (i) to the extent provided in the Companys Clawback and Forfeiture
Policy, as it may be amended from time to time (the Clawback Policy); (ii) to the extent that Participant becomes subject
to any other recoupment or clawback policy hereafter adopted by the Company, including any such policy adopted by the Company to comply
with the requirements of any applicable laws, rules, regulations, or stock exchange listing requirements, including pursuant to final
SEC rules under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or (iii) to the extent provided under applicable legal
requirements which impose recoupment, under circumstances set forth in such applicable legal requirements, including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002.

22. Section
409A. This Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner that all provisions relating to the settlement of the PSUs are exempt from
the requirements of Section 409A of the Code as short-term deferrals as described in Section 409A of the Code.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or an accompanying election form executed by the Participant, if (i) on
the date of the Participants Separation from Service with the Company the Participant is a specified employee (as
such term is defined under Section 1.409A-1(i) of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 409A of the Code) of the
Company and (ii) any payments to be provided to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement are or may become subject to the additional
tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code, or any other taxes or penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code if provided
at the time otherwise required under this Agreement, then such payments shall be delayed until the date that is six months after the date
of the Participants separation from service from the Company, or if earlier, his or her death. Any payments delayed pursuant to
this paragraph shall be made in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following the Participants separation from service,
or if earlier, the Participants death. Each payment upon settlement of PSUs (and any related dividend or related dividend equivalent
rights) constitutes a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, if and to the extent that any payment under this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A
of the Code, and is payable upon (i) the Participants termination of employment, then such payment shall be made or provided
to the Participant only upon a separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, or (ii) a
Change in Control, then such payment shall be made or provided to the Participant only upon a change in the ownership, a
change in effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the applicable
corporation as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code.

[Signature page to follow.]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Carl Christian Hoechner 

Name: Carl Christian Hoechner

Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

PARTICIPANT

/s/
Brian Krogol

Brian Krogol

6

EXHIBIT A

2025 Diluted EPS*

Vesting of the First Tranche PSUs (plus any
Additional PSUs that become issuable pursuant to Section 3(a) of the Agreement) will be dependent upon the Companys one-year
growth of Diluted EPS for fiscal 2025 compared to a four-year average of fiscal 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024 as set forth in the grid below,
with vesting to be interpolated on a straight-line basis between the applicable levels based on actual results. Diluted EPS means the
Diluted EPS as reported by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K, earnings release and/or supplemental information for the year
ended December 31, 2025.

Growth Rate % of Target First Tranche PSU Vesting

4Y Average + 250% 100%

4Y Average + 100% 30%

4Y Average + 50% (Target) 20%

4Y Average 10%

4Y Average - 10% (Threshold) 5%

* Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in Section 6 and Section 18 of the Agreement. 

Notwithstanding this Exhibit, and subject to
Section 16 of the Plan and Section 6 of this Agreement, the aggregate number of Additional PSUs issuable pursuant to this Agreement
shall be reduced to the extent issuance of such Additional PSUs would cause the aggregate number of restricted stock units issued pursuant
to this Agreement and the RSU Agreement to exceed 300,000 restricted stock units.

A-1

EXHIBIT B

Listing on NASDAQ*

Vesting of the Second Tranche PSUs (plus any
Additional PSUs that become issuable pursuant to Section 3(a) of the Agreement) will be dependent upon the Companys listing
on the NASDAQ.

Percentage of Second

Tranche PSU
Vesting Performance

Vest 100% Listed

No vesting Unlisted (Threshold)

* Subject in all cases to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, including the discretionary and interpretative authority of the Administrator set forth in Section 6 and Section 18 of the Agreement. 

Notwithstanding this Exhibit, and subject to
Section 16 of the Plan and Section 6 of this Agreement, the aggregate number of Additional PSUs issuable pursuant to this Agreement
shall be reduced to the extent issuance of such Additional PSUs would cause the aggregate number of restricted stock units issued pursuant
to this Agreement and the RSU Agreement to exceed 300,000 restricted stock units.

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10x8.htm
<DESCRIPTION>RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT WITH BRIAN KROGOL
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.8

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

UNDER THE STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

This Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025 (the Date of Grant), is made by and between Standard
Premium Finance Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company), and Brian Krogol (the Participant). Capitalized
terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive
Plan (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the Plan). Where the context permits, references to the Company shall
include any successor to the Company.

1. Grant
of RSUs. The Company hereby grants to the Participant Five Thousand (5,000) restricted stock units (the RSUs) under
the Plan, which shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan.

2. Restrictions.
The RSUs may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Participant, and any shares of
Stock issuable with respect to the RSUs may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until such
shares of Stock have been issued to the Participant upon vesting of the RSUs in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement.
Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, upon any attempt to transfer RSUs or any rights in respect of RSUs before the lapse of
such restrictions, such RSUs, and all of the rights related thereto, shall be immediately forfeited by the Participant and transferred
to, and reacquired by, the Company without consideration of any kind.

3. Vesting.

(a) General.
Subject to the provisions set forth below, the RSUs shall vest at such times (each, including as provided in subparagraphs (b) and
(c), a Vesting Date) and in the amounts set forth below, subject to the continued employment of the Participant by the Company
or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (or a successor to any of them) from the Date of Grant to such Vesting Date:

Incremental Number
of RSUs Vested Vesting Date

1,000 December 31, 2025

1,000 December 31, 2026

1,000 December 31, 2027

1,000 December 31, 2028

1,000 December 31, 2029

(b) Award
Not Assumed Following Change in Control. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, if the outstanding RSUs are not assumed, continued
or substituted with an award relating to a publicly-traded security of the acquirer (or the Company) on the same terms and conditions
that were applicable to the outstanding RSUs immediately prior to the Change in Control, then all outstanding RSUs immediately prior to
the Change in Control shall vest and be settled upon the consummation of the Change in Control.

(c) Following
Termination of Employment. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3(c), upon termination of the Participants employment
with the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates for any reason, all unvested RSUs outstanding as of the date of such termination
shall automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited and neither the Participant nor any of the Participants successors,
heirs, assigns, or personal representatives shall thereafter have any further rights or interests in such RSUs. Notwithstanding the foregoing
or anything herein to the contrary:

(i) 
In the event that the Participants employment is terminated (other than as described in subparagraph (ii)) (A) either by the Company
or a Subsidiary or Affiliate without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement by and between
the Company and the Participant dated as of March 31, 2025), or (B) by death or Disability, the RSUs subject to vesting at the next
Vesting Date shall vest effective upon the date of such termination and be settled within 30 days following such termination, and any
remaining outstanding and unvested RSUs shall be forfeited, effective upon the date of such termination.

1

(ii) In
the event that the Participants employment is terminated (A) by the Company (or its successor) or a Subsidiary or Affiliate
without Cause on or after the effective date of a Change in Control but prior to eighteen (18) months following such Change in Control,
or (B) by the Participant for Good Reason on or after the effective date of a Change in Control but prior to twelve (18) months
following such Change in Control, then any unvested RSUs outstanding upon the date of such termination shall vest effective upon the date
of such termination and be settled within 30 days following such termination.

4. 
Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. As soon as practicable following each Vesting Date (but in no event later than 30 days following
the Vesting Date or such earlier time specified in Section 3(b)), the Company shall issue to the Participant the number of shares
of Stock equal to the aggregate number of RSUs that have vested pursuant to this Agreement on such date and the Participant shall thereafter
have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such shares. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
no fractional shares shall vest or be issuable under this Agreement, and any such fractional shares shall be rounded down to the next
whole share; provided, that the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide a cash payment in lieu of any such fractional
share.

5. Rights
as a Stockholder. The Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to RSUs outstanding on any applicable record date. Any
ordinary or extraordinary cash or stock dividend that may be declared and paid on the Common Stock with a record date on or after the
Date of Grant and prior to the settlement date of the RSUs shall be deposited (in the same form as was payable to the holders of Common
Stock) in an account and be paid upon, and subject to, the vesting and settlement of the RSUs. For the avoidance of doubt, the Participant
shall not be entitled to payment of dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to an RSU unless and until the vesting and settlement
of such RSU in accordance with this Agreement, and all such dividends or dividend equivalents with respect to any RSU shall forfeit upon
the forfeiture of such RSU.

6. Adjustments.
Pursuant to Section 16 of the Plan, in the event of a change in capitalization as described therein, the Administrator shall make such
equitable changes or adjustments, as it deems necessary or appropriate, in its discretion, to the number and kind of securities or other
property (including cash) issued or issuable in respect of outstanding RSUs.

7. Certain
Changes. The Administrator may accelerate the vesting dates or otherwise adjust any of the terms of the RSUs; provided that, subject
to Section 16 of the Plan and Section 21 of this Agreement, no action under this Section shall adversely affect the Participants
rights hereunder.

8. Notices.
All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by facsimile or first class mail, certified
or registered with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given three days after mailing or 24 hours after transmission
by facsimile to the respective parties, as follows:

(i) if to the Company:

General Counsel

Joel Bernstein

2666 Tigertail Ave.,

Suite 104

Miami, FL 33133

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Chairman of the Board

c/o Standard Premium Finance Holdings, Inc.

13590 SW 134 Ave

Suite 214

Miami, FL 33186

2

and (ii) if to the
Participant, using the contact information on file with the Company. Either party hereto may change such partys address for notices
by notice duly given pursuant hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any notice
or other communications related to the RSUs, this Agreement or current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant
hereby consents to receive such notices and other communications by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through
an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the Companys
stock plan service providers website).

9. Taxes.
The Participant has reviewed with the Participants own tax advisors the Federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations
of the Company or any of its agents. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant is responsible for the tax consequences
associated with the award and vesting of the RSUs.

10. Withholding.
Delivery of shares of Stock is conditioned upon Participants making arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment
of income and employment tax withholding requirements as set forth in Section 24 of the Plan; provided, however, that the Participant
may elect, without the consent of the Company, to have the Company withhold from delivery of shares of Stock issuable upon the settlement
of the RSUs such number of shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value not exceeding the applicable taxes to be withheld and applied to
the tax obligations of the Participant as determined by the Company. In making its determination, the Company may calculate such amount
by taking into account applicable withholding rates not exceeding the maximum individual statutory tax rates in the Participants
applicable jurisdictions.

11. Failure
to Enforce Not a Waiver. The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed
to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof.

12. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its principles
of conflict of laws.

13. Incorporation
of Plan. The Plan is hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof, and the RSUs and this Agreement shall be subject to
all terms and conditions of the Plan.

14. Amendments;
Construction. The Administrator may amend the terms of this Agreement prospectively or retroactively at any time, but no such amendment
shall impair the rights of the Participant hereunder without the Participants consent. Headings to Sections of this Agreement are
intended for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall have no effect on the interpretation hereof.

15. Survival
of Terms. This Agreement shall apply to and bind the Participant and the Company and their respective permitted assignees and transferees,
heirs, legatees, executors, administrators and legal successors. The terms of Section 21 shall expressly survive the vesting and/or
forfeiture of the RSUs and any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

16. Compliance
with Stock Ownership and Retention Guidelines. The Participant hereby agrees to comply with the Companys Stock Ownership and
Retention Guidelines (as amended from time to time, the Guidelines), to the extent such Guidelines are applicable, or become
applicable, to the Participant. The Participant further acknowledges that, if the Participant is not in compliance with such Guidelines
(if applicable), the Administrator may refrain from issuing additional equity awards to the Participant and/or elect to pay the Participants
annual bonus in the form of vested or unvested Common Stock.

17. Agreement
Not a Contract for Services. Neither the Plan, the granting of the RSUs, this Agreement nor any other action taken pursuant to the
Plan shall constitute or be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Participant has a right to continue
to provide services as an officer, director, employee, consultant or advisor of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate for any period
of time or at any specific rate of compensation.

3

18. Authority
of the Administrator. The Administrator shall have full authority to interpret and construe the terms of the Plan and this Agreement.
The determination of the Administrator as to any such matter of interpretation or construction shall be final, binding and conclusive.

19. Severability.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified,
such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon
the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Agreement.
Moreover, if one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to scope,
activity, subject or otherwise so as to be unenforceable, in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision, such provision or provisions
shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body by limiting or reducing it or them, so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent
compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear, and such determination by such judicial body shall not affect the enforceability
of such provision or provisions in any other jurisdiction.

20. Acceptance.
The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and understands the terms
and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, and accepts the RSUs subject to all the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.
The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any
questions arising under this Agreement. By the Participants electronically accepting the award of the RSUs using an online or electronic
system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company (including the Companys stock plan
service providers website), the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one
and the same instrument. The Participants electronic acceptance of the award of the RSUs shall have the same validity and effect
as a signature affixed to this Agreement by the Participants hand.

21. Clawback.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this award (and any shares of Stock delivered to the Participant upon settlement thereof)
shall be subject to forfeiture, reduction, and/or recoupment (i) to the extent provided in the Companys Clawback and Forfeiture
Policy, as it may be amended from time to time (the Clawback Policy); (ii) to the extent that Participant becomes subject
to any other recoupment or clawback policy hereafter adopted by the Company, including any such policy adopted by the Company to comply
with the requirements of any applicable laws, rules, regulations, or stock exchange listing requirements, including pursuant to final
SEC rules under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or (iii) to the extent provided under applicable legal
requirements which impose recoupment, under circumstances set forth in such applicable legal requirements, including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002.

22. Section
409A. This Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner that all provisions relating to the settlement of the RSUs are exempt from
the requirements of Section 409A of the Code as short-term deferrals as described in Section 409A of the Code.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or an accompanying election form executed by the Participant, if (i) on
the date of the Participants Separation from Service with the Company the Participant is a specified employee (as
such term is defined under Section 1.409A-1(i) of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 409A of the Code) of the
Company and (ii) any payments to be provided to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement are or may become subject to the additional
tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code, or any other taxes or penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code if provided
at the time otherwise required under this Agreement, then such payments shall be delayed until the date that is six months after the date
of the Participants separation from service from the Company, or if earlier, his or her death. Any payments delayed pursuant to
this paragraph shall be made in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following the Participants separation from service,
or if earlier, the Participants death. Each payment upon settlement of RSUs (and any related dividend or related dividend equivalent
rights) constitutes a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, if and to the extent that any payment under this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A
of the Code, and is payable upon (i) the Participants termination of employment, then such payment shall be made or provided
to the Participant only upon a separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, or (ii) a
Change in Control, then such payment shall be made or provided to the Participant only upon a change in the ownership, a
change in effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the applicable
corporation as defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code.

[Signature page to follow.]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Carl Christian Hoechner 

Name: Carl Christian Hoechner

Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

PARTICIPANT

/s/
Brian Krogol

Brian Krogol

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>spfx-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>spfx-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>spfx-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 000-56243

Entity Registrant Name STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001807893

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-2624094

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code FL

Entity Address, Address Line One 13590 SW 134th Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 214

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33186

City Area Code 305

Local Phone Number 232-2752

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period true

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://standardpremium.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

spfx-20250331.xsd 
spfx-20250331_lab.xml 
spfx-20250331_pre.xml 
spfx_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001079973-25-000590-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>spfx_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001807893 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001807893 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
STANDARD PREMIUM FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC. 
FL 
000-56243 
81-2624094 
13590 SW 134th Avenue 
Suite 214 
Miami 
FL 
33186 
305 
232-2752 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>