<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-032598.txt : 20250416
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-032598.hdr.sgml : 20250416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250416163009
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-032598
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bit Digital, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001710350
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38421
		FILM NUMBER:		25843151

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 HUDSON YARDS, FLOOR 11
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-463-5121

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 HUDSON YARDS, FLOOR 11
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Golden Bull Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170626
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0238419-8k_bitdigi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000171035000017103502025-04-102025-04-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) April
10, 2025

BIT DIGITAL, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-38421 98-1606989

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

31 Hudson Yards, Floor 11, New York, NY 10001

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code (212) 463-5121

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered

Ordinary Shares, $.01 par value BTBT Nasdaq Capital Market

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13a-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01.Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement

On April 10, 2025, Bit Digital, Inc. (the Company)
through its wholly owned Canadian subsidiary, Enovum Data Centers Corp. (the Buyer), entered into a real estate purchase
and sale agreement, dated as of April 10, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement) with Unifi Manufacturing, Inc. (UMI),
a wholly owned subsidiary of Unifi, Inc. (Unifi). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, UMI agreed to sell to Buyer, and Buyer
agreed to purchase from UMI, an industrial/manufacturing building together with the underlying land located in Madison, North Carolina,
as well as certain machinery and equipment located thereon, for a cash purchase price of $53.2 million (the Purchase Price).
An earnest money deposit of $2.25 million was deposited in escrow pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, of which $1.2 million
is non-refundable to Buyer. The closing of the transaction contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (the Closing) is expected
to occur on May 15, 2025, unless accelerated by Buyer pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations
and warranties, which shall survive for twelve months following the Closing. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, UMI shall
not have indemnification obligations for the breach of representations and warranties made in the Purchase Agreement until all losses
of Buyer, individually or in the aggregate, equal to or exceed $0.1 million, in which case UMI shall be obligated to indemnify Buyer from
and against such losses in an amount not to exceed ten percent (10%) of the Purchase Price. The Purchase Agreement contains customary
closing conditions, as well as a condition requiring the Buyers receipt of an energy study verifying the potential energy capacity
of the Property (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).

The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of such agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated
herein by reference with confidential or immaterial terms, provisions, and information redacted. Capitalized terms used, but not defined
herein, shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Purchase Agreement.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. Description 

10.1 Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2025, by and between Enovum Data Centers Corp. and Unifi Manufacturing, Inc. Certain portions of the exhibit that include immaterial and confidential information have been omitted and are available upon request of the SEC.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.

Date: April 16, 2025 Bit Digital, Inc.

(Registrant)

By: /s/ Sam Tabar

Name: Sam Tabar

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023841901ex10-1_bitdigi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF APRIL 10, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN ENOVUM DATA CENTERS CORP. AND UNIFI MANUFACTURING, INC. CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THE EXHIBIT THAT INCLUDE IMMATERIAL AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION HAVE BEEN OMITTED AND ARE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

REAL ESTATE PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT

THIS REAL ESTATE PURCHASE
AND SALE AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made and entered into as of the 10th day of April, 2025
(the Effective Date) by and between Unifi Manufacturing, Inc.,
a North Carolina corporation (the Seller), and ENOVUM DATA CENTERS CORP., a Canadian corporation and
its permitted assigns (the Buyer) (Buyer and Seller are referred to herein individually as a Party
and, together, the Parties).

STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

A. Seller
is the owner of that certain real property situated in Rockingham County, North Carolina, located at 805 Island Drive, Madison, North
Carolina (being Parcel ID 169992), consisting of an industrial/manufacturing building (the Building) containing
approximately nine hundred forty-six thousand five hundred eighty-six (946,586) square feet of gross building area, together with the
land (the Land) underlying the same of approximately 94.83 acres, and being more particularly described on
Exhibit A attached hereto. The Building and the Land, together with all related improvements, may be referred to as the
Real Property.

B. Subject
to the terms and conditions contained herein, Seller desires to sell the Property (as defined below) to Buyer and Buyer desires to purchase
the Property from Seller.

AGREEMENT

Now,
therefore, in consideration of the mutual conditions, covenants and restrictions hereinafter set forth, and for other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Seller and Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1. Real Property. Seller will sell, assign, transfer and convey to Buyer, AS-IS, WHERE-IS, and Buyer
hereby will purchase and acquire from Seller, the following:

1.1 The Real Property, together with all improvements and appurtenances thereto and all fixtures and systems
attached thereto (unless such fixtures or systems are listed as Excluded on Schedule 1.2 attached hereto);

1.2 All that certain machinery and equipment located on the Real Property which is listed as Included
on Schedule 1.2 attached hereto (collectively, the Personal Property). For the avoidance of doubt,
the Personal Property (i) shall not include any machinery or equipment listed as Excluded on Schedule 1.2 attached
hereto, (ii) shall include any machinery or equipment not listed as Included or Excluded on Schedule 1.2
attached hereto but left on the Real Property on the Occupancy Termination Date (as defined below), and (iii) shall not include any machinery
or equipment not listed as Included or Excluded on Schedule 1.2 attached hereto and not on the Real
Property on the Occupancy Termination Date (as defined below); and

1

1.3 All or any existing guarantees, warranties, entitlements, development rights and indemnities relating
to the construction, operation and/or use of the Real Property and Personal Property in effect at the time of Closing, to the extent assignable
(collectively, the Warranties and together with the Real Property and Personal Property, the Property).

2. Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Property of Fifty-Three Million Two Hundred Thousand
and No/100 Dollars (USD $53,200,000.00) (the Purchase Price), shall be paid as follows:

2.1. Buyer shall, within two (2) business days after the Effective Date, deposit in escrow with Chicago Title
Insurance Company (the Title Company), a deposit in the amount of Two Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and
No/100 Dollars (USD $2,250,000.00) (together with all interest earned thereon, the Earnest Money Deposit),
of which One Million Two Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars (USD $1,200,000) (the Non-Refundable Portion)
is non-refundable to Buyer and the remainder shall be fully refundable to Buyer during the Inspection Period (as defined in Section 4
below) and otherwise as set forth in this Agreement, including Section 13.

2.1.1 At Closing (as defined in Section 5.1 of this Agreement), the Earnest Money Deposit plus any accrued interest
shall be paid to Seller and credited against the Purchase Price.

2.2 The balance of the Purchase Price shall be paid to Seller by wire transfer in readily available funds
on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 5.1).

2.3 The Parties and Title Company agree to execute an escrow agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B.

3. Survey and Title to the Real Property.

3.1 Buyer, at Buyers expense, shall obtain a survey (the Survey) of the
Real Property.

2

3.2 Buyer, at Buyers expense, shall obtain an ALTA title commitment (the Title Commitment)
issued by the Title Company for an owners title insurance policy in the amount of the Purchase Price setting forth the status of
title to the Real Property and any exceptions thereto. Buyer shall have until the expiration of the Inspection Period (as defined herein)
to review the Survey and the Title Commitment and determine if Buyer wishes to proceed to Closing. If there are any material defects of
title or Survey relating to the Real Property that would prohibit Buyers ability to use and operate the Property as a data center
(the Intended Use), Buyer may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to Seller prior to the
expiration of the Inspection Period, in which event, the Earnest Money Deposit shall be immediately returned to Buyer (other than the
Non-Refundable Portion which shall be paid to Seller), this Agreement shall terminate and neither Party shall have any additional rights,
liabilities or obligations under this Agreement, except for those rights, liabilities and obligations which survive termination of the
Agreement as expressly provided in this Agreement. If Buyer does not terminate the Agreement prior to the expiration of the Inspection
Period all exceptions contained in the Title Commitment and all matters shown on the Survey other than Mandatory Cure Items (as defined
below) shall be deemed Permitted Exceptions, and Seller shall have no obligation to cure any title exception
except any Mandatory Cure Items. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary hereinabove provided, Seller covenants and agrees that at or
prior to Closing, Seller shall (i) cause to be canceled and discharged as liens against the Property all mechanics and contractors
liens and judgments which may be filed against Seller, and any other liens against the Property of a definite or liquidated amount (other
than non-delinquent ad valorem taxes, to be prorated as provided herein) which may be removed by the payment of money which arose out
of actions of the Seller or any party claiming by, through or under Seller; and (ii) cause to be released any security documents
encumbering the Property which secures money borrowed by Seller or any party claiming by, through or under Seller (collectively, Mandatory
Cure Items). Buyer shall pay for all costs related to the title examination, Title Commitment and title insurance premium
and any ALTA endorsements required by Buyer or its lender and the costs associated with the title update of the Real Property charged
by the Title Company at Closing. Seller shall be responsible for all costs incurred in connection with any Mandatory Cure Items.

3.3 At the Closing, Seller shall convey to Buyer good and marketable fee simple title to the Real Property,
subject only to the Permitted Exceptions, and all rights, privileges and easements appurtenant thereto by duly executed and acknowledged
Special Warranty Deed (the Deed) in recordable form for the County and State in which the Property is located.

3

4. Inspection Period. Buyer, its employees, agents or designees, at Buyers sole expense, shall
have a period from the Effective Date until April 14, 2025 (the Inspection Period) to examine and test the
Property, and shall further have the right of ingress and egress over and through the Property for the purpose of inspecting, surveying,
appraising, performing environmental inspections, and any other activities reasonably necessary to assess the Property, including the
review of the title to the Real Property, as set forth in Section 3 (the Inspections) and if such Inspections
disclose material defects with the Property that would prohibit Buyers Intended Use, in Buyers sole discretion, Buyer shall
have the right to terminate this Agreement by providing written notice of termination to Seller on or before the expiration of the Inspection
Period, in which event, the Earnest Money Deposit shall be immediately returned to Buyer (other than the Non-Refundable Portion which
shall be paid to Seller), this Agreement shall terminate and neither Party shall have any additional rights, liabilities or obligations
under this Agreement, except for those rights, liabilities and obligations which survive termination of this Agreement as expressly provided
in this Agreement; provided, however, if Buyer does not terminate this Agreement prior to the expiration of the Inspection Period, Buyer
shall have access to the Property for purposes of continuing the Inspections through the Closing Date, subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in this Section 4. In no event shall Buyer or its agents be permitted to perform any soil disturbing activities or invasive
testing on the Real Property without the prior written consent of Seller, which consent may be withheld in Sellers sole discretion.
Buyer shall repair any damage to the Property caused by Buyers access and Inspections to the Property and agrees to restore the
Property to its condition immediately prior to any such access and Inspections promptly after conducting the same. Buyer shall indemnify
and hold harmless Seller from and against any and all actual expenses, claims, or losses, including without limitation, Sellers
attorneys fees or court costs occasioned by such claims arising from or in connection with any activities of Buyer, its officers,
agents, employees, or contractors with respect to the Property prior to Closing (collectively, Losses), excluding
any such Losses arising from the negligence or intentional misconduct of Seller or Sellers agents or Buyers mere discovery
of pre-existing conditions. The Buyers obligations under the preceding two (2) sentences shall survive the Closing or termination
of this Agreement. Through the Closing Date, Buyer and Buyers agents entering the Property shall maintain in effect, at Buyers
sole cost and expense, comprehensive general liability insurance with insurance carriers licensed in North Carolina and with an AM Best
rating of A-, VII or better with bodily injury and property damage coverage of at least Five Million and No/100 Dollars (USD $5,000,000.00)
per occurrence and Five Million and No/100 Dollars (USD $5,000,000.00) annual aggregate, naming Seller as an additional insured, and including
a waiver of any right of subrogation against Seller. Buyers policy should also be primary, non-contributory. These limits may be
achieved through a combination of primary and excess umbrella liability policies. Buyer shall provide Seller with a certificate of insurance
evidencing Buyers compliance with the insurance requirements set forth herein. All on-site Inspections of the Property by Buyer,
its officers, agents, employees, contractors, or designees shall occur during regular business hours at times reasonably determined by
Seller which shall not unreasonably interfere with Sellers business operation with respect to the Property. If this Agreement is
terminated for any reason, Buyer agrees to provide Seller with a copy of all third-party reports, surveys and other reports Buyer obtained
during its Inspections at no cost to Seller, but without any representation or warranty whatsoever from Buyer.

Seller has delivered to Buyer, and Buyer
confirms satisfactory receipt of, the items listed on Schedule 4 attached hereto (collectively, the Property
Documents). Seller makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, completeness, or
reliability of the Property Documents. All Property Documents delivered by Seller to Buyer are provided for information purposes only,
and Buyer shall, at its own risk, be entitled to rely upon the completeness or accuracy of the Property Documents but should in all instances
rely exclusively on its own Inspections with respect to all matters it deems relevant to its decision to purchase the Property from Seller.
Seller shall have no liability to Buyer or any third party for any errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in any Property Documents, regardless
of whether such errors, omissions, or inaccuracies were known or should have been known by Seller.

4

5. The Closing.

5.1 The Closing of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing)
shall take place on May 15, 2025, or on such other earlier date as Buyer may elect in its discretion, by providing at least five (5) business
days advance written notice to Seller. The date on which the Closing actually takes place shall be referred to herein as the Closing
Date.

5.2 At or before the Closing, Seller shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Buyer the following:

5.2.1 The Deed conveying to the Buyer the Real Property, and all rights, privileges, and easements appurtenant
thereto as required by Section 3.3 above, subject to the Permitted Exceptions, in form attached hereto as Exhibit C and
incorporated herein by reference;

5.2.2 A Quitclaim Deed conveying to the Buyer the Real Property as described on the Survey;

5.2.3 A Bill of Sale conveying all Personal Property;

5.2.4 A general assignment of all of Sellers right, title and interest, in and to all permits, warranties,
entitlements, development rights and guaranties (to the extent assignable) for the Real Property and Personal Property;

5.2.5 Sellers corporate resolutions authorizing the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and qualification
certificate issued by the North Carolina Secretary of State;

5.2.6 A Non-Foreign Affidavit in the form reasonably acceptable to the Buyer and Title Company;

5.2.7 Title Affidavit (including, liens, possession and gap indemnity) in a form reasonably acceptable to the
Title Company, Seller, and Buyer for Title Company to issue a title policy consistent with the Title Commitment, subject to the Permitted
Exceptions;

5.2.8 Sellers signed counterpart of the Occupancy Agreement (as defined herein);

5.2.9 Except as set forth in Section 14, exclusive possession of the Property in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement; and

5.2.10 An executed closing statement (the Closing Statement), prepared by counsel
for Buyer or Title Company, and in form and content satisfactory to Buyer and Seller as well as any other documents, instruments or agreements
called for hereunder or reasonably required to consummate the transactions under this Agreement required to be signed by the Seller.

5

5.3 At or before the Closing, Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Seller the following:

5.3.1 The balance of the Purchase Price by wire transfer in readily available funds of the United States and
such other funds as may be required to close the escrow;

5.3.2 Buyers signed counterpart of the Occupancy Agreement; and

5.3.3 The Closing Statement executed by Buyer as well as any other documents, instruments or agreements called
for hereunder or reasonably required to consummate the transactions under this Agreement required to be signed by the Buyer, which have
not previously been delivered.

5.4 Seller and Buyer shall each deposit such other instruments as are reasonably required by the Title Company
or otherwise required to close the escrow and consummate the purchase of the Property in accordance with this Agreement.

5.5 Seller and Buyer agree to prorate real property taxes as of the Closing Date (with Buyer being responsible
for the Closing Date and through Occupancy Termination Date (as defined below)). The Parties agree that utilities charges shall be allocated
and shared as outlined in the Occupancy Agreement.

5.6 Seller is responsible for and shall pay (i) the cost of any transfer taxes for Sellers conveyance
of its fee simple interest in the Real Property, (ii) any brokerage fee due to the Brokers (as defined herein), (iii) cost and expenses
to cure any Mandatory Cure Items, (iv) one half (1/2) of the Title Companys escrow/closing fees, if any, and (v) the fees and expenses
of Sellers attorney.

5.7 Buyer is responsible for and shall pay (i) the cost of the owners and, if applicable, lenders
premium for the policy of title insurance to be issued pursuant to the Title Commitment and any title insurance ALTA endorsements desired
by Buyer or its lender, (ii) one half (1/2) of the Title Companys escrow/closing fees, if any, (iii) the cost of recording the
Deed and the Quitclaim Deed, (iv) the cost of the Survey, third party reports or any other costs or expenses of Buyers Inspections
or investigations of the Property, (v) all closing costs, recording fees, mortgage taxes and any other costs associated with or related
to Buyers financing, and (vi) the fees and expenses of Buyers attorney.

5.8 Any other costs and fees to be paid at Closing, not specifically described above, shall be paid by such
Party as is customary in real estate closings in Rockingham County, North Carolina.

6. Representations and Warranties of Seller. Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer, which
warranties and representations shall survive the Closing as set forth herein, as follows:

6.1 This Agreement and all the documents executed by Seller which are to be delivered to Buyer at the Closing
are, and at the time of Closing will be, duly authorized, executed, and delivered by Seller, are and at the time of Closing will be, legal,
valid, and binding obligations of Seller, are and at the time of Closing will be, sufficient to convey title (if they purport to do so),
and, to the Sellers knowledge, do not, and at the time of Closing will not, violate any provisions of any agreement to which Seller
is a party or to which it or any of its assets are subject.

6

6.2 Seller is not a foreign person within the meaning of Section 1445 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, nor is the sale of the Property subject to any withholding requirement imposed by the Internal Revenue
Service, including, but not limited to, Section 1445 thereof.

6.3 Seller is in compliance with the requirements of Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (Sept.
25, 2001) (the Order) and other similar requirements contained in the rules and regulations of the Office
of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury (OFAC) and in any enabling legislation or other Executive
Orders or regulations in respect thereof (the Order and such other rules, regulations, legislation or orders are collectively called the
Orders). Seller (A) is not listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Person List maintained
by OFAC pursuant to the Order and/or on any other list of terrorists or terrorist organizations maintained pursuant to any of the rules
and regulations of OFAC or pursuant to any other applicable Orders (such lists are collectively referred to as the Lists),
(B) is not a Person (as defined in the Order) who has been determined by competent authority to be subject to the prohibitions contained
in the Orders; or (C) is not owned or controlled by (including without limitation by virtue of such Person being a director or owning
voting shares or interests), or acts for or on behalf of, any person on the Lists or any other Person who has been determined by competent
authority to be subject to the prohibitions contained in the Orders. The foregoing representation shall not apply with respect to the
beneficiaries of any pension plan participating in Seller.

6.4 Seller is not a party to, or to its knowledge, affected by any litigation, administrative action, investigation
or other governmental or quasi-governmental proceeding which would or could have an adverse effect upon the Property or upon the ability
of Seller to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. To Sellers knowledge, there are no lawsuits, administrative actions,
governmental investigations or similar proceedings, including, without limitation, real estate tax assessment appeals, pending or threatened
against or affecting the Property or any portion thereof or any interest therein.

6.5 Seller is not a party to any voluntary or involuntary proceedings under any applicable laws relating to
the insolvency, bankruptcy, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights to the extent that such laws may be applicable
to Seller.

6.6 Seller has not received written notice of any assessments or special assessments by a public body, whether
municipal, county, or state imposed, contemplated or confirmed and ratified against any of the Real Property for public or private improvements
which are now or hereafter payable. To Sellers knowledge, the Real Property is not part of any improvements district, or similar
program which could result in additional assessments against the Real Property.

7

6.7 The Real Property is currently zoned M2. Seller has no knowledge of, and has not received notice of any
action, threatened or proposed, to change the zoning classification of the Real Property.

6.8 Except for the Buyer under this Agreement, no person has any written or oral agreement, present or future,
contingent or absolute, option, understanding or commitment, or any right (including a right of first refusal or other purchase right)
or privilege capable of becoming such for the purchase or other acquisition of any of the Property.

6.9 There are no leases, licenses, agreements or options to lease or other tenancy agreements with respect
to the Property which are currently in effect, and at Closing there will be no leases, licenses, agreements or options to lease or other
tenancy agreements with respect to the Property which are in effect.

6.10 All service contracts applicable to the Real Property (collectively, the Service Contracts)
are listed on Schedule 6. The continuation or termination of the Service Contracts after the Closing Date shall be governed
by the Occupancy Agreement (as defined below). Except for the Service Contracts, there are no other unrecorded contracts, agreements or
documents affecting the Real Property or any portion thereof.

6.11 To Sellers knowledge, the Property is not subject to any roll-back or deferred taxes, impact fees,
traffic or trip fees, development fees, utility capacity, utility extension, sewer connection, tap or other similar type fees or assessments
imposed by any governmental authority with respect to the development of the Property or any other recoupment arising under any applicable
laws or covenants relating to the taxation or development of the Property or any part thereof.

6.12 Except as set forth in Sellers environmental reports made available to Buyer and the Property Documents,
to Sellers knowledge: (i) no Hazardous Substances (as defined below) presently exist or have been discharged, disbursed, released,
stored, treated, generated, disposed of, or allowed to escape on, in, or under the Real Property in violation of Environmental Laws (as
defined below); (ii) no PCBs are located on or in the Real Property, whether in electrical transformers, fluorescent light fixtures with
ballasts, cooling oils, or otherwise; (iii) no underground storage tanks are located on the Real Property or were located on the Real
Property and were subsequently removed or filled; (iv) no investigation, administrative order, consent order or agreement, litigation,
or settlement with respect to Hazardous Substances is proposed, threatened, anticipated or in existence with respect to the Real Property;
and (v) Seller has not received any written notice, citation, summons, directive, order or other communication, written or oral, from,
and Seller has no knowledge of the filing or giving of any such notice, citation, summons, directive, order or other communication by,
any governmental or quasi-governmental authority or agency or any other person or party concerning the presence, generation, treatment,
storage, transportation, transfer, disposal, release, or other handling of any Hazardous Substance within, on, from, related to, or affecting
the Real Property. For purposes of this Agreement, Hazardous Substances means all hazardous waste, hazardous substances,
hazardous constituents, hazardous materials, toxic substances, or related substances or materials, whether solids, liquids or gases including,
but not limited to, polychlorinated biphenyl (commonly known as PCBs), asbestos, radon, urea formaldehyde, petroleum products (including
gasoline and diesel oil), toxic substances, hazardous chemicals, spent solvents, sludge, ash, containers with hazardous waste residue,
spent solutions from manufacturing processes, pesticides, explosives, organic chemicals, inorganic pigments and other similar substances,
as each of the foregoing terms are defined under, or regulated or governed by, any and all Environmental Laws, which for
purposes of this Agreement, means (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42
U.S.C. S 9601 et seq., (ii) the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, as amended, 49 U.S.C. S 1801 et seq., (iii) the
Resource, Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended, 42 U.S.C. S 6901 et seq., (iv) the Clean Water Act, as amended, 33
U.S.C. S 1251 et seq., (v) the Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976, as amended, 15 U.S.C. S 2601 et seq., (vi) the Clean
Air Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. S 7401 et seq., and (vii) any so-called superfund or superlien law.

8

6.13 All representations set forth in this Section 6 shall be deemed made as of the Effective Date of this
Agreement. Seller agrees that it will execute a certificate of its representations and warranties hereunder certifying the same to be
true and accurate as of the Closing Date, except as may need to be updated to reflect any changes in fact between the Effective Date and
the Closing Date. All such representations and warranties of Seller shall survive the Closing and shall not be deemed to have merged into
and be governed by any Closing documents for the period of twelve (12) months following the Closing Date (the Survival Period).
If Buyer has actual knowledge, prior to Closing, that any representation or warranty under this Agreement is not true but proceeds to
Closing, Buyer shall have waived any right to make any claim with respect to such representation and warranty, including during Survival
Period. If Buyer discovers, after Closing, but within the Survival Period, that any representation or warranty made in this Agreement
is not true in any material respect, Buyer shall be entitled to exercise its remedies available at law subject to the limitations set
forth in Section 6.14 below, provided as a condition precedent to Buyers right to do so, Buyer must deliver written notice of such
breach to Seller, within the Survival Period. Until the expiration of the Survival Period, and, if applicable, payment or disposition
in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction of all claims made by the Buyer under this Agreement, the Seller
shall remain in existence and in good standing in its jurisdiction of incorporation (the Existence Covenant).
The Seller shall provide reasonable evidence of its satisfaction of the Existence Covenant within fifteen (15) days after written request
therefor from the Buyer at any time prior to the expiration of the Survival Period (provided the Seller shall not be required to deliver
such evidence more than one (1) time). This Section 6.13 shall survive Closing.

6.14 Seller shall indemnify and hold Buyer harmless from and against any and all actual claims, actions, judgments,
liabilities, liens, damages, penalties, fines, costs and reasonable attorneys fees, foreseen or unforeseen, asserted against, imposed
on or suffered or incurred by Buyer (or the Real Property) directly or indirectly arising out of or in connection with any breach of the
warranties, representations and covenants set forth in this Agreement by Seller, except to the extent waived at Closing as set forth in
Section 6.13 above. Buyer shall not have the right to bring a cause of action for a breach of a representation or warranty unless the
actual damage to Buyer on account of such breach (individually or when combined with damages from other breaches) equals or exceeds One
Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars (USD $100,000.00) (the Basket). In the event Buyers claims hereunder
reach or exceed the Basket prior to the end of the Survival Period, Buyer shall be entitled to recover all such claimed amounts and not
just that portion of its claims that exceed the Basket amount. In no event shall Sellers aggregate liability for breaches of the
representations and warranties given by Seller exceed ten percent (10%) of the Purchase Price.

6.15 References to Sellers knowledge or knowledge of Seller or similar such
phrases mean the actual knowledge, without investigation, of [*****].

9

7. Representations and Warranties of Buyer. Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Seller, which
representations and warranties shall survive Closing, as follows:

7.1 All documents executed by Buyer which are to be delivered to Seller at Closing are, or at the Closing
will be, duly authorized, executed, and delivered by Buyer, and are, or at the Closing will be, legal, valid, and binding obligations
of Buyer, and, to the Buyers knowledge, do not, and will not at the time of Closing, violate any provisions of any agreement to
which Buyer is a party or to which it or its properties are subject.

7.2 Buyer is in compliance with the requirements of the Order and other similar requirements contained in
the rules and regulations of OFAC and in any enabling legislation or other Executive Orders or regulations in respect thereof. Buyer (A)
is not listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Person List maintained by OFAC pursuant to the Order and/or on any other
list of terrorists or terrorist organizations maintained pursuant to any of the rules and regulations of OFAC or pursuant to any other
applicable Orders, (B) is not a Person (as defined in the Order) who has been determined by competent authority to be subject to the prohibitions
contained in the Orders; or (C) is not owned or controlled by (including without limitation by virtue of such Person being a director
or owning voting shares or interests), or acts for or on behalf of, any person on the Lists or any other Person who has been determined
by competent authority to be subject to the prohibitions contained in the Orders. The foregoing representation shall not apply with respect
to the beneficiaries of any pension plan participating in Buyer.

8. Default.

8.1. Buyers Default. If the Closing is not consummated because of Buyers breach of this
Agreement, default, failure or refusal to perform hereunder, then, after not less than five (5) days prior written notice and opportunity
to cure, Seller shall, as its sole and exclusive remedy for such default, retain the Earnest Money Deposit as liquidated damages. Buyer
and Seller acknowledge that it is impossible to precisely estimate the damages which might be suffered by Seller upon Buyers default
and that the Earnest Money Deposit represents a reasonable estimation of such damages.

10

8.2. Sellers Default. In the event of a breach of this Agreement by Seller (including, without
limitation, Sellers failure or refusal to convey the Property to Buyer as required by this Agreement), which breach is not cured
within five (5) days after prior written notice from Buyer, Buyer shall be entitled, at its option, to either (a) seek specific
performance of this Agreement against Seller in a court of competent jurisdiction by filing such action within sixty (60) days of Sellers
default, in which event Seller shall pay Buyer for all of Buyers costs and expenses (including, without limitation, court costs,
reasonable and actual attorneys fees, and expenses) incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement if Buyer is the
prevailing party in such enforcement proceeding, or (b) terminate this Agreement and receive a full refund of the Earnest Money Deposit
(other than the Non-Refundable Portion which shall be paid to Seller) and be reimbursed for all of Buyers actual costs and expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement and Buyers due diligence, not to exceed Five Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars (USD
$500,000.00). The foregoing notwithstanding, in the event the remedy of specific performance is not available due to the intentional breach
by Seller of the provisions of this Agreement, Buyer shall have all rights and remedies at law or in equity. The Parties agree that the
foregoing limitations on remedies shall not apply in the case of any breach by Seller of any representation or warranty under this Agreement
and remedies for such breaches shall be subject to the provisions of Section 6.14 above.

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1. Notices. Any notice which may be required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed delivered upon dispatch if sent via electronic mail (email) communication (with electronic confirmation of receipt), Federal
Express or other nationally recognized overnight air courier, or upon receipt or refusal if sent via hand delivery or United States Mail,
registered or certified, in any case addressed to such Party at the addresses set forth below.

If to Seller: Unifi Manufacturing, Inc.

7201 West Friendly Avenue

Greensboro, North Carolina, 27410

Attn: Andrew J. Eaker

Email: [*****]

With copy to: [*****]

[*****]

[*****]

[*****]

[*****]

If to Buyer: Enovum Data Centers Corp.

D-3195 RD Bedford

Montreal (Quebec) H3S 1G3 Canada

Attn: Bryan Bullett/Simon Hamelin-Choquette

Email: [*****]

With copy to: [*****]

[*****]

[*****]

[*****]

[*****]

11

9.2 Brokers and Finders. Buyer and Seller each represent and warrant to each other that, except for
[*****], acting as the Buyers broker (Buyers Broker), and [*****], acting as the Sellers
broker (Sellers Broker), neither Party has dealt with a broker in connection with, nor has any broker
had any part in bringing about, this transaction. Buyer and Seller shall each indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other from and
against any claim of any broker or other person for any brokerage commissions, finders fees, or other compensation in connection
with this transaction if such claim is based in whole or in part by, through, or on account of, any acts of the indemnifying party or
its agents, employees, or representatives and from all losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses in connection with such claim, including
without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, court costs, and interest. Seller shall pay a commission to Sellers Broker
pursuant to the terms of a separate agreement. The provisions of this Section 9.2 shall survive the Closing or the termination of this
Agreement prior to the Closing.

9.3 Successors and Amendments. Except for an assignment to an affiliate of Buyer, Buyer shall not have
the right to assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations to any persons, corporations, or other entity without the prior
written consent of the Seller, which consent may be withheld in Sellers sole discretion. For purposes of this Agreement, an affiliate
means any other person who directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common
control with Buyer, including, without limitation, any limited liability company for which Buyer is the manager. As used in this Section
9.3, the term control (including the terms controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of Buyer, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer shall not be
released of its obligations hereunder as a result of any assignment through the Closing Date.

9.4 Governing Law & Merger. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of North Carolina, without regard to conflict of laws principles. The Parties further agree that any suit, action,
or proceeding arising out of this Agreement shall be submitted to and brought exclusively before the appropriate federal or state courts
in the State of North Carolina. The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement has been prepared, negotiated, executed, and entered into
as a contract in the State of North Carolina. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the Parties hereto
relating to the subject matter hereof.

12

9.5 Enforcement. If either Party hereto fails to perform its obligations under this Agreement, or if
a dispute arises concerning the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement and any action or steps are taken in furtherance
thereof including, but not limited to, the commencement of legal proceedings, lawsuits, arbitration, or other proceedings arising out
of, relating to, or based in any way on this Agreement, including, without limitation, tort actions and actions for injunctive and declaratory
relief, the non-prevailing party in the dispute shall pay any and all actual costs and expenses incurred by the prevailing party in enforcing
or establishing its rights hereunder, or in defending itself or its rights hereunder, or both including, without limitation, all court
costs, all fees and costs incurred in any appellate process, and attorneys fees actually incurred.

9.6 Document Execution. It is understood and agreed by Seller and Buyer that until this Agreement is
fully executed by both Seller and Buyer there is not and shall not be an agreement of any kind between the Parties upon which any commitment,
undertaking, liability, or obligation can be founded.

9.7 Interpretation. This Agreement shall not be construed in favor or against either Party but shall
be construed as if all Parties prepared this Agreement.

9.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Additionally, the Parties hereby
covenant and agree that, for purposes of facilitating the execution of this Agreement, a facsimile, PDF, or DocuSign signature shall be
deemed to be an original signature.

9.9 Time. Time is of the essence with respect to each provision of this Agreement subject to Section
9.10.

9.10 Final Dates. If the final date of any deadline falls upon a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday recognized
by the U.S. Postal Service, then in such event the time of such deadline shall be extended to the next day that is not a Saturday, Sunday,
or holiday recognized by the U. S. Postal Service. Whenever the word days is used herein, it shall be considered to mean
calendar days and not business days unless an express statement to the contrary is made.

13

9.11 Confidentiality. The Parties covenant and agree that the matter of confidentiality shall be governed
by that certain Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement between the Parties, effective as of [*****], which is attached hereto as Exhibit
D (the Non-Disclosure Agreement).The Parties acknowledge that the Seller is a public company listed
on the New York Stock Exchange and that the Buyers parent company, [*****], is a public company listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange,
and that as such both companies are subject to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
The Parties agree that any disclosure required of Seller or [*****] pursuant to the United States securities laws, the SEC rules and regulations,
the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ would be permissible pursuant to Section 3.4 of such Non-Disclosure Agreement and subject to
the terms and conditions of Section 4 of the Non-Disclosure Agreement.

9.12 Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any
reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect
any other provision hereof and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision had never been
contained herein.

10. AS-IS, WHERE-IS Sale. Buyer expressly acknowledges that the Property is being sold and accepted
in its AS-IS, WHERE-IS, WITH ALL FAULTS condition and except for the express representations and warranties set forth in
this Agreement and the Deed to be delivered by Seller at Closing, Seller makes no representations or warranties with respect to the physical
condition or any other aspect of the Property, including, without limitation, (i) the conformity of the Property to any past, current
or future applicable zoning or building code requirements or compliance with any other laws, rules, ordinances, or regulations of any
government or other body, (ii) the nature and effect of any easement, right-of-way, restrictions, reservations or other encumbrances on
Buyers Intended Use of the Property, (iii) whether the Property is located wholly or partially in a flood plain or a flood hazard
boundary or similar area, (iv) the existence or non-existence of asbestos, hazardous waste or other toxic or hazardous materials of any
kind or any other environmental condition or whether the Property is in compliance with the Environmental Laws, or (v) any other matter
whatsoever affecting the Property (collectively, the Property Conditions), and BUYER HEREBY WAIVES ANY
AND ALL RIGHTS BUYER MIGHT HAVE REGARDING ANY FORM OF WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ARISING BY OPERATION OF LAW, INCLUDING, ANY WARRANTY
OF CONDITION, HABITABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE relating to the Property, its improvements or the
Property Conditions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer agrees that with respect to removal between the Effective
Date and the Closing Date of any machinery and equipment which is not included in the Personal Property to be transferred to Buyer pursuant
to Schedule 1.2 of this Agreement, Seller shall have no responsibility for repairing any minor damage caused thereby (such as filling
bolt or mounting holes in the concrete flooring which is incidental to the removal); however, Seller shall have responsibility for repairing
any major damage caused thereby (for example and not as a limitation, knocking down walls or holes in walls or floors from forklift or
similar machinery). The Parties agree that Sellers obligations with respect to removal of any machinery and equipment which is
not included in the Personal Property to be transferred to Buyer pursuant to Schedule 1.2 of this Agreement after the Closing Date shall
be governed by the Occupancy Agreement. The provisions and waivers of this Section 10 shall survive the Closing.

14

11. Casualty Loss and Condemnation: In the event of any casualty loss to all or a material portion
of the improvements located on the Real Property in excess of One Million and No/100 Dollars (USD $1,000,000.00) prior to Closing (Material
Casualty Loss) or in the event of any condemnation or eminent domain proceedings for any public or quasi-public purposes
at any time prior to Closing, resulting in a taking of all or any material portion of the Real Property that materially prevents access
to and from the Real Property, or makes the Real Property unsuitable for the Intended Use (Material Condemnation),
Buyer shall have the option at any time prior to Closing (i) to cancel this Agreement and receive a refund of its Earnest Money Deposit
(other than the Non-Refundable Portion which shall be paid to Seller) and this Agreement shall be of no further force and effect, except
those obligations that survive termination; or (ii) to proceed to Closing, in which event the Purchase Price shall not be abated. If any
such casualty or condemnation is not determined to be a Material Casualty Loss or a Material Condemnation, Buyer shall not be permitted
to terminate this Agreement and the Parties shall proceed to Closing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such casualty or condemnation
is not determined to be a Material Casualty Loss or a Material Condemnation, or it is determined to be a Material Casualty Loss or a Material
Condemnation and Buyer decides to proceed to Closing pursuant (ii) above, Seller shall assign any and all insurance proceeds and/or condemnation
or eminent domain award, as the case may be to Buyer. From and after the Effective Date, Seller agrees not to enter into any settlement
of any Casualty Loss or Condemnation without the proper written consent of Buyer. Notwithstanding the preceding two sentences, Seller
shall not be obligated to assign insurance proceeds and/or condemnation or eminent domain awards, nor refrain from entering into any settlement
of any Casualty Loss or Condemnation without the proper written consent of Buyer, if in any such case such assignment or restraint shall
be prohibited by, or inconsistent with, Sellers arrangement with its lender(s). Further, Buyer acknowledges that the occurrence
of a casualty loss or any condemnation or eminent domain proceedings shall not be a default by Seller under this Agreement, and in no
event shall Seller have any restoration obligations following a casualty loss or condemnation or eminent domain. In the event of any casualty
event or condemnation, in which the proceeds are not made available by Sellers lender(s), Buyer shall have the option to either
(i) terminate this Agreement and receive a refund of the Earnest Money Deposit (other than the Non-Refundable Portion which shall be paid
to Seller) or (ii) proceed to Closing and the Purchase Price shall be reduced by the lesser of (x) the amount of the reduction in value
of the Property or (y) the amount of the construction costs necessary to restore the Property to the condition that existed prior to such
casualty or condemnation.

12. Covenants:

12.1. Seller. Between the Effective Date and the Closing Date, (a) Seller shall maintain the Property
(including performance under any Service Contract Buyer is electing to assume post-Closing), and shall comply with all applicable laws
and Environmental Laws (as defined herein); provided, however that except as necessary to comply with all applicable laws and Environmental
Laws, Seller shall have no obligation to maintain or repair the Real Property or Personal Property; provided, Seller shall not cause any
waste and Seller shall have responsibility for repairing any major damage (for example and not as a limitation, knocking down walls or
holes in walls or floors from forklift or similar machinery) caused by the removal of any machinery and equipment which is not included
in the Personal Property to be transferred to Buyer pursuant to Schedule 1.2 of this Agreement; (b) unless Buyer has given its prior written
consent, Seller shall not make any material changes to or alterations of the Real Property or Personal Property except to perform (i)
emergency repairs (regarding which Buyer shall be promptly advised in writing), and (ii) any other work having Buyers prior written
approval. Seller shall, promptly upon Sellers obtaining knowledge thereof, provide Buyer with a written notice (i) of any event
which has or has the potential to have an adverse effect on the Property, or (ii) concerning the Real Property received by Seller from
any governmental or quasi-governmental authority or from any insurance company, including any violation of applicable law or Environmental
Laws, or any service of process relating to the Property or which affects Sellers ability to perform its obligations under this
Agreement.

15

12.2. Buyer and Seller. Between the Effective Date and the Closing Date, Buyer and Seller shall each
use diligent efforts in coordinating with [*****] to obtain the Energy Study in a timely manner

13. Conditions to Closing: Notwithstanding any other conditions to Closing set forth in this Agreement,
Buyers obligation to purchase the Property or otherwise to perform any obligation provided in this Agreement is expressly conditioned
upon the due performance by Seller of each material undertaking and covenant and agreement to be performed by Seller under this Agreement
including, but not limited to, delivery of all items and documents required under Section 5.2 and the truth, accuracy and completeness
in all material respects, of each representation and warranty made in this Agreement by Seller. Upon failure of any of such conditions,
which failure is not remedied within five (5) days after prior written notice from Buyer, Buyer may terminate this Agreement. In
the event of termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section, the Earnest Money Deposit (other than the Non-Refundable Portion
which shall be paid to Seller), and any other monies theretofore paid on account, if any, shall be returned to Buyer and neither Party
shall have any further liability or obligation to the other hereunder.

In addition, the Parties agree that
the obligations of Buyer to close under the terms of this Agreement shall be expressly conditioned upon the Buyers receipt of an
Energy Study from [*****] verifying that within [*****] from the Closing Date, [*****] will be able to supply [*****] megawatts (the Capacity)
to the Property (the Energy Study). In the event the Energy Study has not been received on or before the Closing
Date or the Energy Study does not confirm the Capacity, Buyer shall have the right to either: (i) extend the Closing Date for a reasonable
period of time, not to exceed thirty (30) days, in order to obtain the Energy Study from [*****] or to hold conversations with [*****]
regarding energy capacity to the Property, as applicable; or (ii) terminate this Agreement. In the event of termination of this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 13, the Earnest Money Deposit (other than the Non-Refundable Portion which shall be paid to Seller) and neither
Party shall have any additional rights, liabilities or obligations under this Agreement, except for those rights, liabilities and obligations
which survive termination of the Agreement as expressly provided in this Agreement.

14. Additional Provisions Concerning Closing. Buyer and Seller anticipate that after the Closing Date
hereunder, Seller will remain in possession of a portion of the Property until [*****] (the Occupancy Termination Date).
In the event of a Closing Date in advance of the Occupancy Termination Date, the Parties agree that the Sellers occupancy rights
shall be governed by a license agreement between Buyer and Seller substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E
(the Occupancy Agreement).

15. [Intentionally Left Blank].

16. Announcements. Both before and after the Closing Date, neither the Seller nor the Buyer shall issue
any press release or other public announcement or release information with respect to this Agreement to the press or the public unless
the same has been mutually approved by the Buyer and the Seller, each acting reasonably, or such disclosure is in the good faith opinion
of the Buyer or the Seller, as the case may be, required in order to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, including U.S. securities
laws, or the rules, orders or regulations of any stock exchange to which Buyer or Seller is subject.

[Signatures on the following page.]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF
the Buyer and Seller have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

SELLER:

UNIFI MANUFACTURING, INC., 

a North Carolina corporation

By: /s/ Edmund M. Ingle

Name: Edmund M. Ingle

Title: Chief Executive Officer

BUYER:

ENOVUM DATA CENTERS CORP.,

a Canadian corporation

By: /s/ Billy Krassakopoulos

Name: Billy Krassakopoulos

Title: Chief Executive Officer

17

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF TITLE COMPANY

The undersigned hereby acknowledges
receipt of the fully executed Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement dated April 10, 2025, and the Earnest Money Deposit in the amount
of Two Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and No/100 Dollars (USD $2,250,000.00) this 11th day of April, 2025.

CHICAGO TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY 

By: /s/ M. Scott Mansfield 

Title: V.P. 

Name: M. Scott Mansfield 

Address: 200 S. Tryon Street, Suite 800 

Phone: (704) 319-7086 

Email: shannon.farrell@ctt.com 

18

PURCHASE AGREEMENT - EXHIBIT A

LEGAL DESCRIPTION

[*****]

19

PURCHASE AGREEMENT - EXHIBIT B

FORM OF ESCROW AGREEMENT

[*****]

20

PURCHASE AGREEMENT - EXHIBIT C

SPECIAL WARRANTY DEED

[*****]

21

PURCHASE AGREEMENT - EXHIBIT D

MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

[*****] 

22

PURCHASE AGREEMENT - EXHIBIT E

FORM OF OCCUPANCY AGREEMENT

[*****]

23

SCHEDULE 1.2

[*****]

24

SCHEDULE 4

DUE DILIGENCE MATERIALS

[*****]

25

SCHEDULE 6

SERVICE CONTRACTS

[*****]

26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>btbt-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>btbt-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>btbt-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38421

Entity Registrant Name BIT DIGITAL, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001710350

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1606989

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 31 Hudson Yards

Entity Address, Address Line Two Floor 11

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10001

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 463-5121

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, $.01 par value

Trading Symbol BTBT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://bit-digital.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

btbt-20250410.xsd 
btbt-20250410_lab.xml 
btbt-20250410_pre.xml 
ea0238419-8k_bitdigi.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-032598-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ea0238419-8k_bitdigi_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001710350 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001710350 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
BIT DIGITAL, INC. 
E9 
001-38421 
98-1606989 
31 Hudson Yards 
Floor 11 
New York 
NY 
10001 
212 
463-5121 
Ordinary Shares, $.01 par value 
BTBT 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>