<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-007928.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-007928.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221172017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-007928
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250219
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTELLIGENT BIO SOLUTIONS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001725430
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				821512711
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39825
		FILM NUMBER:		25653264

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 W 41ST ST,
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 5
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-233-6971

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 W 41ST ST,
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 5
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GBS Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190919

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Glucose Biosensor Systems (Greater China) Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171214
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000172543000017254302025-02-192025-02-19iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): February
19, 2025

INTELLIGENT
BIO SOLUTIONS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39825 82-1512711

(State of

Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS employer

identification no.)

135
West, 41st Street, 5th
Floor

New York, NY10036

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (646)828-8258

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value INBS The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 20, 2025, Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc. (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) with Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., as representative (the Representative) of the underwriters named
in Schedule I thereto (collectively, the Underwriters), relating to an underwritten public offering of 1,304,348 shares
(the Base Shares) of the Companys common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Common Stock) (the
Offering). The public offering price for each Share was $2.00 and the Underwriters agreed to purchase 1,304,348 Shares.
All of the Shares were sold by the Company.

The
Company granted the Underwriters a 45-day option to purchase an additional 195,652 shares of Common Stock (the Option Shares,
and together with the Base Shares, the Shares) at the public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
On February 20, 2025, the Representative fully exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 195,652 Shares. The Offering
closed on February 21, 2025. As result of the Representative exercising the over-allotment option in full, the gross proceeds, before
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other Offering expenses, was $3.0 million. Immediately after the Offering, there
will be 6,778,837 shares of Common Stock outstanding (including the full exercise of the over-allotment option). The Company intends
to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The
Offering was made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) on April 8, 2022 and subsequently declared effective on April 20, 2022 (File No. 333-264218) (the
Registration Statement), and the base prospectus contained therein. A final prospectus supplement relating to the Offering
was filed with the SEC on February 21, 2025.

Under
the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriters received an underwriting discount of 8.0% to the public offering price for
the Shares. In addition, the Company agreed to pay the Representative a management fee equal to 1.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds
received from the sale of the securities in the Offering and to reimburse the accountable expenses of the Representative up to a maximum
of $145,000. The Company also agreed to issue to the Representative unregistered warrants (the Representative Warrants)
to purchase up to 75,000 shares of common stock, which Representative Warrants have an exercise price of $2.50 per share and will terminate
on February 20, 2030. The Representative Warrants and the shares of common stock underlying the Representative Warrants were offered
pursuant to the exemptions from registration provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder,
and were not being offered pursuant to the registration Statement and final prospectus supplement.

The
representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties thereto
and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, the Underwriting Agreement is incorporated herein
by reference only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and not to provide investors
with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the
Companys periodic reports and other filings with the SEC.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Underwriting Agreement and Representative Warrant are not complete and are qualified in their entireties
by reference to the full text of the Underwriting Agreement and the Form of Representative Warrant, copies of which are filed as Exhibits
1.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this report and are incorporated by reference herein.

A
copy of the opinion of ArentFox Schiff LLP relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the Shares is attached as Exhibit 5.1
to this report.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Reference is made to the
disclosure under Item 1.01 above which is hereby incorporated in this Item 3.02 by reference.

The Representative Warrants
and shares issuable upon exercise of the Representative Warrants have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), or the securities laws of any state, and are being offered and sold in reliance on the exemption from
registration under the Securities Act, afforded by Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On February 19, 2025, the
Company issued a press release announcing the launch of the Offering. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this
Form 8-K. On February 20, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release
is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 to this Form 8-K. On February 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the
Offering. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.3 to this Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No Exhibit

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 20, 2025, between Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc. and Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. as the representative of the several underwriters named therein.

4.1 Form of Representative Warrant.

5.1 ArentFox Schiff LLP Legal Opinion.

23.1 Consent of ArentFox Schiff LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1 Press release dated February 19, 2025.

99.2 Press release dated February 20, 2025.

99.3 Press release dated February 21, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: February 21, 2025 

INTELLIGENT BIO SOLUTIONS INC.

By: /s/ Harry Simeonidis

Name: Harry Simeonidis

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

1,304,348 SHARES of
Common Stock 

INTELLIGENT BIO SOLUTIONS INC.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

February 20, 2025

Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.

As the Representative of the

Several underwriters, if any, named in Schedule I hereto

c/o Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.

640 Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Intelligent Bio
Solutions Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without
limitation, all entities disclosed or described in the Registration Statement as being subsidiaries or affiliates of Intelligent Bio Solutions
Inc., the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with the several underwriters
(such underwriters, including the Representative (as defined below), the Underwriters and each an Underwriter)
named in Schedule I hereto for which Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. is acting as representative to the several Underwriters
(the Representative and if there are no Underwriters other than the Representative, references to multiple Underwriters
shall be disregarded and the term Representative as used herein shall have the same meaning as Underwriter) on the terms and conditions
set forth herein.

It is understood that the several
Underwriters are to make a public offering of the Public Securities as soon as the Representative deems it advisable to do so. The Public
Securities are to be initially offered to the public at the public offering price set forth in the Prospectus Supplement.

It is further understood that
you will act as the Representative for the Underwriters in the offering and sale of the Closing Shares and, if any, the Option Shares
in accordance with this Agreement.

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition
to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth
in this Section 1.1:

Action shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(k).

Affiliate
means with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled
by or is under common control with such Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee 
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Closing Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date
means the hour and the date on the Trading Day on which all conditions precedent to (i) the Underwriters obligations to pay the
Closing Purchase Price and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Closing Shares, in each case, have been satisfied or waived,
but in no event later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date hereof (or the
second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after
4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day) or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon
by the Representative and the Company.

Closing Purchase
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b), which aggregate purchase price shall be net of the underwriting
discounts and commissions.

Closing Shares
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any
time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company Auditor
means UHY LLP, with offices located at 201 Old Country Road, Suite 202, Melville, NY 11747.

Company Counsel
means ArentFox Schiff LLP, with offices located at 1717 K Street NW, Washington, DC 20006.

Effective
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f).

EGS
means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, with offices located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Execution
Date shall mean the date on which the parties execute and enter into this Agreement.

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or
option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members
of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise
or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder, warrants to the Representative in connection with the transactions pursuant
to this Agreement and any securities upon exercise of warrants to the Representative and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such
securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no
registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period
in Section 4.20(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is,
itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company
and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which
the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in
securities, and (d) up to $12,000 in shares of Common Stock every three months issued to ClearThink Capital LLC pursuant to, and calculated
as set forth in, that certain Investor Relations and Corporate Development Advisory Agreement dated February 29, 2024, provided that such
securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

Fee Cap
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.6(b).

FINRA
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

Indebtedness
means (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary
course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or
not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by
endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the
present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material Adverse
Effect means (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a
material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company
and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document.

Offering
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(c).

Option
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2.

Option Closing
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(c).

Option Closing
Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(b), which aggregate purchase price shall be net
of the underwriting discounts and commissions.

Option Shares
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a).

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preliminary
Prospectus means, if any, any preliminary prospectus relating to the Shares included in the Registration Statement or filed
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b).

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means, if any, any supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with
the Commission.

Public Securities
means, collectively, the Closing Shares and, if any, the Option Shares.

Registration
Statement means, collectively, the various parts of the registration statement prepared by the Company on Form S-3 (File No.
333-264218) with respect to the Shares, each as amended as of the date hereof, including the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement, if
any, the Preliminary Prospectus, if any, and all exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, and
includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

Required Approvals
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Public Securities, which
was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by
the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

Securities
means the Closing Shares, the Option Shares and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share Purchase
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Shares
means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock delivered to the Underwriters in accordance with Section 2.1(a) (the Closing Shares) and
Section 2.2(a) (the Option Shares).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent
means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State Street 30th
Floor, New York, NY 10004-1561, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrant Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Underwriters in accordance with Section 2.3(iii), which Warrants
shall be exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.

(a) Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell in the aggregate 1,304,348 shares of Common Stock, and each Underwriter
agrees to purchase, severally and not jointly, at the Closing, the following securities of the Company: the number of shares of Common
Stock (the Closing Shares) set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Schedule I hereof; and

(b) The aggregate purchase
price for the Closing Shares shall equal the amount set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Schedule I hereto (the Closing
Purchase Price). The purchase price for one Share shall be $1.84 per Share (the Share Purchase Price);
and

(c) On the Closing Date,
each Underwriter shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to such Underwriters
Closing Purchase Price and the Company shall deliver to, or as directed by, such Underwriter its respective Closing Shares and the Company
shall deliver the other items required pursuant to Section 2.3 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions
set forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4, the Closing shall occur at the offices of EGS or such other location as the Company and Representative
shall mutually agree. The Public Securities are to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set forth on the cover page
of the Prospectus Supplement (the Offering).

2.2 Option to Purchase Additional
Securities.

(a) For the purposes
of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Closing Shares, the Representative is hereby granted
an option (the Option) to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 195,652 shares of Common Stock (the Option
Shares), at the Share Purchase Price.

(b) In connection with
an exercise of the Option, (a) the purchase price to be paid for the Option Shares is equal to the product of the Share Purchase Price
multiplied by the number of Option Shares to be purchased (the aggregate purchase price to be paid on an Option Closing Date, the Option
Closing Purchase Price).

(c) The Option granted
pursuant to this Section 2.2 may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option
Shares within forty-five (45) days after the Execution Date. An Underwriter will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Shares
prior to the exercise of the Option by the Representative. The Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to
the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing by overnight mail or electronic transmission setting forth the
number of Option Shares to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Shares (each, an Option
Closing Date), which will not be later than one (1) full Business Day after the date of the notice or such other time as shall
be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of EGS or at such other place (including remotely by other electronic
transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Shares does not
occur on the Closing Date, each Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Option, the Company will
become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become
obligated to purchase, the number of Option Shares specified in such notice. The Representative may cancel the Option at any time prior
to the expiration of the Option by written notice to the Company.

2.3 Deliveries. The Company
shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Underwriter (if applicable) the following:

(i) At the Closing Date,
the Closing Shares and, as to each Option Closing Date, if any, the applicable Option Shares, which shares shall be delivered via The
Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system for the accounts of the several Underwriters;

(ii) [RESERVED];

(iii) At the Closing
Date, and each Option Closing Date, if any, to the Representative only, an unregistered warrant (the Representative Warrant)
to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 5.0% of the Closing Shares and Option Shares issued on such Closing
Date and Option Closing Date, as applicable, for the account of the Representative (or its designees), which Representative Warrant shall
have an exercise price of $2.50, subject to adjustment therein, and registered in the name of the Representative;

(iv) [RESERVED];

(v) At the Closing Date,
a legal opinion of Company Counsel addressed to the Underwriters, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter, substantially
in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto and as to each Option Closing Date, if any, a bring-down opinion from Company Counsel
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative to the Company, including, without limitation, a negative assurance
letter, addressed to the Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative;

(vi) At the Closing
Date, a cold comfort letter, addressed to the Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Representative
from the Company Auditor dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and a bring-down letter dated as of each Option Closing
Date, if any;

(vii) On the Closing
Date and on each Option Closing Date, the duly executed and delivered Officers Certificate, substantially in the form required
by Exhibit B attached hereto; and

(viii) On the Closing
Date and on each Option Closing Date, the duly executed and delivered Secretarys Certificate, substantially in the form required
by Exhibit C attached hereto.

2.4 Closing Conditions.
The respective obligations of each Underwriter hereunder in connection with the Closing and each Option Closing Date are subject to the
following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in
all material respects when made and on the date in question (other than representations and warranties of the Company already qualified
by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein
(unless as of a specific date therein);

(ii) all obligations,
covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the date in question shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery by
the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3 of this Agreement;

(iv) the Registration
Statement shall be effective on the date of this Agreement and at each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, no stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have
been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information
shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative;

(v) by the Execution
Date, if required by FINRA, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable
to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement;

(vi) the Shares and
Warrant Shares have been approved for listing on the Trading Market; and

(vii) prior to and on
each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or development
involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the
Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus; (ii) no action
suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Affiliate of the Company before
or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding
may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth
in the Registration Statement and Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings
therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any
amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and neither the Registration Statement nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement
thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties
of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall
qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure
Schedules, the Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Execution Date, as of the Closing Date and as of each Option
Closing Date, if any, as follows:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a),
the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any
Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable
and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no Subsidiaries, all other references
to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing
or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders
in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document
to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance
with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating
to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the
issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not
(i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation,
bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse
of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company
or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation
(with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or
Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset
of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation
of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which
the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset
of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings, Consents
and Approvals. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(e), the Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization
or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental
authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other
than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.16 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement,
(iii) application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time
and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the
Required Approvals).

(f) Registration
Statement. The Company has filed with the Commission the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, which became effective on
April 20, 2022 (the Effective Date), for the registration under the Securities Act of the Shares. At the time of
such filing, the Company met the requirements of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement meets the requirements
set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under the Securities Act and complies with said Rule and the Prospectus Supplement will meet the requirements
set forth in Rule 424(b). The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements with
respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this
offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3. The Company has advised the Representative of all further information
(financial and other) with respect to the Company required to be set forth therein in the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement.
Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to
and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 which were filed under the Exchange Act, on
or before the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be; and any reference
in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange
Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to
be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which
is contained, included, described, referenced, set forth or stated
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to
mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be. No stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or the use of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued, and no proceeding for any such
purpose is pending or has been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened by the Commission. For purposes of this Agreement,
free writing prospectus has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company will not, without
the prior consent of the Representative, prepare, use or refer to, any free writing prospectus.

(g) Issuance of Securities.
The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Warrant Shares, when issued
in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable
pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The holder of the Securities will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being
such holders. The Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or
similar contractual rights granted by the Company. All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale
of the Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Securities conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto
contained in the Registration Statement.

(h) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h), which Schedule 3.1(h) shall
also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h), the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report
under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the
issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans or stock plans and pursuant
to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under
the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate
in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set
forth on Schedule 3.1(h), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any
character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving
any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company
or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Underwriters). There are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset
price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities
or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such
Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar
plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation
of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder,
the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h),
there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock
to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(i) SEC Reports;
Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by
the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding
the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials,
including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of
such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the
SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none
of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company
included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of
the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The agreements and documents described
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the SEC Reports conform to the descriptions thereof contained
therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder to be
described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the SEC Reports or to be filed with the Commission
as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized
or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the SEC Reports, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has
been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against
the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability
of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy
of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion
of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company,
and neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the best
of the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute
a default thereunder. To the best of the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements
or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental
agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation,
those relating to environmental laws and regulations. 

(j) Material Changes;
Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise)
other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities
not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission,
(iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of
cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital
stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company
stock and option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information.
Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), no event, liability,
fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company
or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required
to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been
publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(k) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(k), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(k) (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director
or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission
has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary
under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(l) Labor Relations.
No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member
of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Compliance.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(m), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and
no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or
any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation
of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties
is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court,
arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory Permits.
The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local
or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure
to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (each, a Material Permit),
and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material
Permit.

(o) Title to Assets.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable
title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and
clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the
use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state
or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP, and the payment of which is neither delinquent
nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under
valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). Except as set forth
on Schedule 3.1(p), none of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the
Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within
two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited
financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual
Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have, or reasonably be expected to result in, a
Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing
infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security
measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage in an amount deemed prudent by the Company. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any
reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar
coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of the Company or
any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any
transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from, any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock or option plan of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(s), (i) the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance
with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and
any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as
of the Closing Date; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that: (a) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (b) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability,
(c) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (d) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences;
(iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms; and (iv) the Companys certifying officers have evaluated
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by
the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented
in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been
no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries
that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(s).

(t) Certain Fees.
Except as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company
or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with
respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. To the Companys knowledge, there are no other arrangements,
agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters
compensation, as determined by FINRA. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to:
(i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company
or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person
or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve months prior to the Execution
Date, other than (i) payments to the Representative pursuant to that certain At The Market Offering Agreement, date September 18, 2024,
between the Company and the Representative and (ii) consideration in the form of cash fees and warrants to the Representative in connection
with the private placement that closed on March 12, 2024. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any
participating FINRA member or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

(u) Investment Company.
The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate
of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct
its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration
Rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(v), no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the
registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Listing and Maintenance
Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no
action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under
the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.1(w), the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing
or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future
continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the
fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x) Application of
Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable as a result of the Underwriters and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising
their rights under the Transaction Documents.

(y) Disclosure; 10b-5.
The Registration Statement (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and schedules as required
by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, if any, at the time it became effective,
complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations under the Securities
Act and did not and, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Preliminary Prospectus,
Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, each as of its respective date, comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations. Each of the Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The SEC Reports, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act
and the applicable rules and regulations, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to the SEC Reports incorporated
by reference in the Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement), in light of the circumstances under which they were
made not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus or Prospectus
Supplement, when such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange
Act and the applicable rules and regulations, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading. No
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent,
individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission.
There are no documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not
been filed as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts
or other documents required to be described in the Preliminary Prospectus, Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits
or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described or filed as required. The press releases disseminated by the
Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading.

(z) No Integrated
Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering
of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions
of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the
business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current
cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into
account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts
are required to be paid, all except as set forth in SEC Reports and Schedule 3.1(aa). The Company does not intend to incur debts
beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect
of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization
or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa)
sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the
Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(bb) Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and
franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations
and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the
periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the
taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. The provisions
for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all
accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements.
The term taxes mean all federal, state, local, foreign, and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use,
ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp,
occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments, or charges of any kind whatsoever,
together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns
means all returns, declarations, reports, statements, and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

(cc) Foreign Corrupt
Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person
acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment
or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government
officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully
any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which
is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd) Accountants.
To the knowledge and belief of the Company, the Company Auditor (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange
Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025.

(ee) FDA. As
to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled,
tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical Product),
such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance
with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, premarket
clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product
listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have
a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit,
arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the
FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of,
the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical
Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising
or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters
or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges
any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually or in the aggregate,
would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all
material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by
the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced
or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed
or proposed to be developed by the Company.

(ff) Stock Option
Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the
terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock
on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(gg) Office of Foreign
Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(hh) U.S. Real Property
Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section
897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Representatives request.

(ii) Bank Holding
Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a
bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(jj) Money Laundering.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes
and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding
by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect
to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(kk) D&O Questionnaires.
To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires completed by each of the Companys directors and
officers immediately prior to the Offering is true and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information
which would cause the information disclosed in such questionnaires become inaccurate and incorrect.

(ll) FINRA Affiliation.
No officer, director or any beneficial owner of 5% or more of the Companys unregistered securities has any direct or indirect affiliation
or association with any FINRA member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA) that is participating in the
Offering. The Company will advise the Representative and EGS if it learns that any officer, director or owner of 5% or more of the Companys
outstanding shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member firm.

(mm) Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or EGS shall
be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

(nn) Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors is comprised of the persons set forth under the SEC Reports. The qualifications of the persons serving as board
members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder
applicable to the Company and the rules of the Trading Market. At least one member of the Board of Directors qualifies as a financial
expert as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the Trading
Market. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent as defined
under the rules of the Trading Market.

(oo) Cybersecurity. 
There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data)
and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably
be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are
presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented
and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous
operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster
recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(pp) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received
all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and
(iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Amendments to Registration
Statement. The Company has delivered, or will as promptly as practicable deliver, to the Underwriters complete conformed copies of
the Registration Statement and of each consent and certificate of experts, as applicable, filed as a part thereof, and conformed copies
of the Registration Statement (without exhibits), the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, in such quantities
and at such places as an Underwriter reasonably requests. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and
none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares
other than the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Registration Statement, and copies of the documents incorporated by reference
therein. The Company shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

4.2 Federal Securities Laws.

(a) Compliance.
During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, the Company will use its best efforts to comply
with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the
Securities in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Shares is required
to be delivered under the Securities Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company
or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend the Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the
Company will notify the Underwriters promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 4.1 hereof, an appropriate
amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Securities Act.

(b) Filing of Final
Prospectus Supplement. The Company will file the Prospectus Supplement (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative)
with the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424.

(c) Exchange Act
Registration. For a period of three years from the Execution Date, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company will not deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange Act without the prior
written consent of the Representative.

(d) Free Writing
Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Shares that would
constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the rules and regulations under the Securities Act, without the
prior written consent of the Representative. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative is herein referred to
as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus as defined in rule and regulations under the Securities Act, and has complied
and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 of the Securities Act, including timely Commission filing where required,
legending and record keeping.

4.3 Delivery to the Underwriters
of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, from time to time during the period when the Prospectus
is required to be delivered under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act such number of copies of each Prospectus as the Underwriters
may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto becomes effective, deliver to
you two original executed Registration Statements, including exhibits, and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits
filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all original executed consents of certified experts.

4.4 Effectiveness and Events
Requiring Notice to the Underwriters. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain effective
with a current prospectus until the earlier of the (i) the last Option Closing Date and (ii) 45 days after the initial Closing Date, and
will notify the Underwriters immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of
any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of
the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding
for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of
the happening of any event during the period described in this Section 4.4 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of
a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
If the Commission or any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will
make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

4.5 Review of Financial Statements.
For a period of five (5) years from the Execution Date, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered
public accountants to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the first three fiscal quarters prior
to the announcement of quarterly financial information.

4.6 Expenses of the Offering.

(a) General Expenses
Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, to the
extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement,
including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the Securities to be sold
in the Offering (including the Option Shares) with the Commission; (b) all FINRA Public Offering Filing System fees associated with the
review of the Offering by FINRA; all fees and expenses relating to the listing of such Closing Shares, Option Shares and Warrant Shares
on the Trading Market and such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Representative together determine; (c) all fees, expenses
and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of such Securities under the blue sky securities laws of
such states and other foreign jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all filing
and registration fees, and the fees and expenses of Blue Sky counsel); (d) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting
documents (including, without limitation, the Underwriting Agreement, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement Among Underwriters,
Selected Dealers Agreement, Underwriters Questionnaire and Power of Attorney), Registration Statements, Prospectuses and
all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Representative may reasonably
deem necessary; (e) the costs and expenses of the Companys public relations firm; (f) the costs of preparing, printing and delivering
the Securities; (g) fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent for the Securities (including, without limitation, any fees required for
same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company); (h) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon
the transfer of securities from the Company to the Underwriters; (i) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants; (j) the
fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (k) the Underwriters costs of mailing
prospectuses to prospective investors; (l) the costs associated with advertising the Offering in the national editions of the Wall Street
Journal and New York Times after the Closing Date; (m) the costs of the Underwriters use
of i-Deals book-building, prospectus tracking and compliance software (or other similar software) for the Offering; and (n) the
expenses of the Underwriters actual road show expenses for the Offering. The Underwriters may also deduct
from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date, or each Option Closing Date, if any, the expenses set
forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the expenses payable to
the Representative under this Section 4.6(a) shall be subject to, and shall be limited to, the Fee Cap set forth in Section 4.6(b).

(b) Expenses of the
Representative. The Company further agrees that on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, if applicable, the Company will (i) pay
the Representative a management fee equal to 1.0% of the total gross proceeds raised in the Offering on the Closing Date and each Option
Closing Date, if any, (ii) reimburse the Representative up to $145,000 for fees and expenses of legal counsel and other out-of-pocket
expenses, by deduction from the proceeds of the Offering contemplated herein (the Fee Cap).

4.7 Application of Net Proceeds.
The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with the application described under the
caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

4.8 Delivery of Earnings Statements
to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than
the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Execution Date, an earnings statement (which need not be certified by
independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations under
the Securities Act, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act) covering a period
of at least twelve consecutive months beginning after the Execution Date.

4.9 Stabilization. Neither
the Company, nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent of the Representative) has taken
or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or
result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of the Securities.

4.10 Internal Controls.
Subject to the success of the remediation efforts described in the SEC Reports, the Company will maintain a system of internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general
or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

4.11 Accountants. The Company
shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent certified public accounting firm for a period of at least three years after
the Execution Date. The Underwriters acknowledge that the Company Auditor is acceptable to the Underwriters.

4.12 FINRA. The Company
shall advise the Underwriters (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any 5% or greater shareholder of the
Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of an Underwriter.

4.13 No Fiduciary Duties.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual and commercial in
nature, based on arms-length negotiations and that neither the Underwriters nor their affiliates or any selected dealer shall be deemed
to be acting in a fiduciary capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with
the Offering and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Company acknowledges that the Underwriters may have financial interests in the success of the Offering that are not limited to the difference
between the price to the public and the purchase price paid to the Company by the Underwriters for the shares and the Underwriters have
no obligation to disclose, or account to the Company for, any of such additional financial interests. The Company hereby waives and releases,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged
breach of fiduciary duty.

4.14 Warrant Shares. If
all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Warrant
Shares or if the Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise and such Warrant Shares are eligible for sale pursuant to Rule 144, the Warrant
Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise shall be issued free of all restrictive legends. If at any time following the date any subsequent
registration statement registering the resale of the Warrant Shares is filed and becomes effective, such registration statement is not
effective or is not otherwise available for the sale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants
in writing that such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration
statement is effective again and available for the sale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall
not limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any holder thereof to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable
federal and state securities laws).

4.15 Board Composition and
Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall
composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and with the listing
requirements of the Trading Market and (ii) if applicable, at least one member of the Board of Directors qualifies as a financial
expert as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder.

4.16 Securities Laws Disclosure;
Publicity. At the request of the Representative, by 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, the Company shall issue a press
release disclosing the material terms of the Offering. The Company and the Representative shall consult with each other in issuing any
other press releases with respect to the Offering, and neither the Company nor any Underwriter shall issue any such press release nor
otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of such Underwriter,
or without the prior consent of such Underwriter, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably
be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other
party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. The Company will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity,
without the Representatives prior written consent, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the first business
day following the 45th day following the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued in the ordinary course of the Companys
business.

4.17 Shareholder Rights Plan.
No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Underwriter of the Securities
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Underwriter
of Securities could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities.

4.18 Reservation of Common
Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times,
free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Option Shares
pursuant to the Option and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.19 Listing of Common Stock.
The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which
it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Closing Shares, Option
Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Closing Shares, Option Shares and Warrant
Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading
Market, it will then include in such application all of the Closing Shares, Option Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other
action as is necessary to cause all of the Closing Shares, Option Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading
Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its
Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under
the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of
fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.20 Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) From the date hereof
until fifteen days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce
the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.20 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an
Exempt Issuance. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt
or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of
Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with,
the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities
or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of
such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of
the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not
limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future
determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement
is subsequently canceled.

4.21 Research Independence.
The Company acknowledges that each Underwriters research analysts and research departments, if any, are required to be independent
from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and that such Underwriters
research analysts may hold and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company
and/or the offering that differ from the views of its investment bankers. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against such Underwriter with respect to any conflict of interest that may arise
from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments may be different from or inconsistent
with the views or advice communicated to the Company by such Underwriters investment banking divisions. The Company acknowledges
that the Representative is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, may effect
transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short position in debt or equity securities of the Company.

ARTICLE V.

DEFAULT BY UNDERWRITERS

If
on the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, if any, any Underwriter shall fail to purchase and pay for the portion of the Closing
Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, which such Underwriter has agreed to purchase and pay for on such date (otherwise than by
reason of any default on the part of the Company), the Representative, or if the Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the non-defaulting
Underwriters, shall use their reasonable efforts to procure within 36 hours thereafter one or more of the other Underwriters, or any others,
to purchase from the Company such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms set forth herein, the Closing Shares or Option Shares,
as the case may be, which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters failed to purchase. If during such 36 hours the Representative shall
not have procured such other Underwriters, or any others, to purchase the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case may be, agreed
to be purchased by the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters, then (a) if the aggregate number of Closing Shares or Option Shares, as
the case may be, with respect to which such default shall occur does not exceed 10% of the Closing Shares or Option Shares, as the case
may be, covered hereby, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in proportion to the respective numbers of Closing Shares
or Option Shares, as the case may be, which they are obligated to purchase hereunder, to purchase the Closing Shares or Option Shares,
as the case may be, which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters failed to purchase, or (b) if the aggregate number of Closing Shares
or Option Shares, as the case may be, with respect to which such default shall occur exceeds 10% of the Closing Shares or Option Shares,
as the case may be, covered hereby, the Company or the Representative will have the right to terminate this Agreement without liability
on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters or of the Company except to the extent provided in Article VI hereof. In the event of a
default by any Underwriter or Underwriters, as set forth in this Article V, the applicable Closing Date may be postponed for such period,
not exceeding seven days, as the Representative, or if the Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters,
may determine in order that the required changes in the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements may be effected. The term
Underwriter includes any Person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter. Any action taken under this Section shall not
relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement.

ARTICLE VI.

INDEMNIFICATION

6.1 Indemnification of the
Underwriters. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters, and each
dealer selected by each Underwriter that participates in the offer and sale of the Shares (each a Selected Dealer)
and each of their respective directors, officers and employees and each Person, if any, who controls such Underwriter or any Selected
Dealer (Controlling Person) within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange
Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever,
whether arising out of any action between such Underwriter and the Company or between such Underwriter and any third party or otherwise)
to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise
or under the laws of foreign countries, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in (i) any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (as from time to time each may be amended
and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with
the marketing of the offering of the Shares, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the
Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document or written communication (in this Article VI,
collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company
in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities
commission or agency, Trading Market or any securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect
to the applicable Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration
Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any application, as the case may be. With respect to any untrue
statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in the Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the indemnity agreement contained
in this Section 6.1 shall not inure to the benefit of an Underwriter to the extent that any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense
of such Underwriter results from the fact that a copy of the Prospectus was not given or sent to the Person asserting any such loss, liability,
claim or damage at or prior to the written confirmation of sale of the Shares to such Person as required by the Securities Act and the
rules and regulations thereunder, and if the untrue statement or omission has been corrected in the Prospectus, unless such failure to
deliver the Prospectus was a result of non-compliance by the Company with its obligations under this Agreement. The Company agrees promptly
to notify each Underwriter of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors
or Controlling Persons in connection with the issue and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement
or Prospectus.

6.2 Procedure. If any
action is brought against an Underwriter, a Selected Dealer or a Controlling Person in respect of which indemnity may be sought against
the Company pursuant to Section 6.1, such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person, as the case may be, shall promptly
notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the
employment and fees of counsel (subject to the reasonable approval of such Underwriter or such Selected Dealer, as the case may be) and
payment of actual expenses. Such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person shall have the right to employ its or their
own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer
or Controlling Person unless (i) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the Company shall have been authorized in writing by
the Company in connection with the defense of such action, or (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel to have charge of the
defense of such action, or (iii) such indemnified party or parties shall have reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available
to it or them which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which case the Company shall not have the
right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party or parties), in any of which events the reasonable fees
and expenses of not more than one additional firm of attorneys selected by such Underwriter (in addition to local counsel), Selected
Dealer and/or Controlling Person shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if any Underwriter,
Selected Dealer or Controlling Person shall assume the defense of such action as provided above, the Company shall have the right to
approve the terms of any settlement of such action which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

6.3 Indemnification of the
Company. Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers and
employees and agents who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act
against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity from the Company to such Underwriter,
as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions made in any Preliminary
Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance
upon, and in strict conformity with, written information furnished to the Company with respect to such Underwriter by or on behalf of
such Underwriter expressly for use in such Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement thereto or in any such application. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other Person so indemnified
based on any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application,
and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against such Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the
Company, and the Company and each other Person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to such Underwriter by the provisions
of this Article VI. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.3, no Underwriter shall be required to indemnify the Company for
any amount in excess of the underwriting discounts and commissions applicable to the Shares purchased by such Underwriter. The Underwriters
obligations in this Section 6.3 to indemnify the Company are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations and not
joint.

6.4 Contribution.

(a) Contribution
Rights. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution under the Securities Act in any case in which (i) any Person entitled
to indemnification under this Article VI makes a claim for indemnification pursuant hereto but it is judicially determined (by the entry
of a final judgment or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of the last right
of appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case notwithstanding the fact that this Article VI provides for indemnification
in such case, or (ii) contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise may be required on the part of any such Person
in circumstances for which indemnification is provided under this Article VI, then, and in each such case, the Company and each Underwriter,
severally and not jointly, shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of the nature contemplated
by said indemnity agreement incurred by the Company and such Underwriter, as incurred, in such proportions that such Underwriter is responsible
for that portion represented by the percentage that the underwriting discount appearing on the cover page of the Prospectus bears to the
initial offering price appearing thereon and the Company is responsible for the balance; provided, that, no Person guilty of a fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was
not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section, each director, officer and employee of such Underwriter
or the Company, as applicable, and each Person, if any, who controls such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable. Notwithstanding
the provisions of this Section 6.4, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting discounts
and commissions applicable to the Securities purchased by such Underwriter. The Underwriters obligations in this Section 6.4 to
contribute are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations and not joint.

(b) Contribution
Procedure. Within fifteen days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the commencement
of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party
(contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the
contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder.
In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or its representative
of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid fifteen days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate therein with the
notifying party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable to any party seeking
contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written
consent of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section 6.4 are intended to supersede, to the extent
permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available.

ARTICLE VII.

MISCELLANEOUS

7.1 Termination.

(a) Termination Right.
The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or
international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in its opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt,
general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on any Trading Market shall have been suspended or materially
limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required
by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction, or (iii) if the United States shall
have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New
York State or federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely
impacts the United States securities markets, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident,
hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will,
in the Representatives opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Securities, or (vii) if the Company
is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, or (viii) if the Representative shall have
become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions or prospects of the Company, or such adverse material
change in general market conditions as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering,
sale and/or delivery of the Shares or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Shares.

(b) Expenses.
In the event this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(a), within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof
pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Representative its actual and accountable out of pocket expenses
related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable, including the fees and disbursements of EGS up to $50,000 (provided,
however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement).

(c) Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Article VI shall not be in any way effected by such election or termination
or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

7.2 Entire Agreement. The
Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, contain the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Investment Banking Agreement, dated February 26, 2022 (the Engagement Agreement),
as amended, by and between the Company and the Representative, shall continue to be effective and the terms therein, including, without
limitation, Section 4(b) and Section 5 with respect to any future offerings, shall continue to survive and be enforceable by the Representative
in accordance with its terms, provided that, in the event of a conflict between the terms of the Engagement Agreement and this Agreement,
the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

7.3 Notices. Any and all
notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given
and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail attachment at
the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b)
the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail attachment at the e-mail
address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices
and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

7.4 Amendments; Waivers.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of
an amendment, by the Company and the Representative. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right.

7.5 Headings. The headings
herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof.

7.6 Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.

7.7 Governing Law. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of
law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an
Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under
Article VI, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

7.8 Survival. The representations
and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the Option Closing, if any, and the delivery of the Securities.

7.9 Execution. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall
become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties
need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data
file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed)
with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

7.10 Severability. If any
term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect
and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find
and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant
or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

7.11 Remedies. In addition
to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Underwriters and the Company
will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive
and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

7.12 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays,
etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not
be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

7.13 Construction. The
parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

7.14 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE FOREVER ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

If the foregoing correctly sets
forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon
this letter shall constitute a binding agreement among the Company and the several Underwriters in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

INTELLIGENT BIO SOLUTIONS INC.

By: /s/ Spiro Sakiris

Name: Spiro Sakiris

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Address for Notice:

135 West 41st Street, 5th Floor

New York, NY 10036

E-mail: spiro.sakiris@ibs.com

Attention: Spiro Sakiris

Copy to:

Arent Fox Schiff LLP

1717 K Street NW, Washington, DC 20006

E-mail: ralph.demartino@afslaw.com

Attention: Ralph De Martino

Accepted on the date first above written.

LADENBURG THALMANN & CO. INC.

As the Representative of the several

Underwriters listed on Schedule I

By: Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.

By: /s/
Nicholas Sturgis 

Name: Nicholas Sturgis 

Title: Managing Director 

Address for Notice:

640 Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor

New York, NY 10019

E-mail:

Attention: 

Copy to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10105

E-mail: capmkts@egsllp.com

Attn: Michael Nertney, Esq.

SCHEDULE I

Schedule of
Underwriters

Underwriters Closing Shares Closing Purchase Price 

Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. 1,304,348 $ 2,400,000.32 

Total 1,304,348 $ 2,400,000.32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF
ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

REPRESENTATIVE COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

intelligent
bio solutions INC.

Warrant Shares:__________ Issue Date: February 21, 2025

THIS REPRESENTATIVE COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, ___________________, or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on February 20, 2030
(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to ___________ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in
Section 2(b). This Warrant is issued pursuant to that Underwriting Agreement, dated February 20, 2025, as amended, by and between the
Company and Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1 

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume
weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open
Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the
Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to
the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee 
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any
time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

2 

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent
means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State Street
30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1561, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Representative Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company.

3 

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of Warrant.
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of
(i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein)
following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all
of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the
Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder
shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable
number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and
the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of
such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of
this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price.
The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $2.50, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c) Cashless Exercise.
If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not
available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time
by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the
quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1)
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation
NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including
until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii)
the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise
is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading
Day;

4 

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are
issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the
holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take
any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of
Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant
Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the
Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through
its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the
Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144
(assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share
register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such
exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after
the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after
the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery
of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares
with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading
Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the
Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery
Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject
to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery
Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company
shall not be responsible for the payment of liquidated damages resulting from the failure to issue or deliver Warrant Shares if such failure
is solely caused by any action or inaction of the Holder. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the
FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

5 

ii. Delivery of New
Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon
surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights.
If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its
broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

6 

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes
and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books.
The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant
to the terms hereof.

7 

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall
be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of
the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held
by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will
not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be
construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph
(or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to
make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

8 

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of
capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent Rights
Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any
Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class
of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable
to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares
of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without
limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale
of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be
determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right
to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall
not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result
of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time,
if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

c) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise, other than cash (including,
without limitation, any distribution of stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

9 

d) Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one
or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the
voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common
Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other
Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity
of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall
have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence
of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among
the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor
Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the
consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction),
purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of
the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however,
that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors,
the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the
same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders
of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock
or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration
in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not
offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common
stock of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction.
Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from
the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing
purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the
date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility
equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization
factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C)
the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash,
if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP
during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders
request pursuant to this Section 3(d), (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the
applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes
Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business
Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in
writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written
agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to
such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of
the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the
term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company,
may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the
obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor
Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

10 

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to
Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver
to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant
Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow
Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock,
(B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class
or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the
Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or
property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the
Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear
upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified,
a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants,
or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of
record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that
any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain
entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11 

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and all rights
hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant
at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon
the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this
Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this
Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

12 

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time
of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not be either (i)
registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume
or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition
of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, provides to the Company an opinion of counsel,
the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the transfer of this Warrant
does not require registration under the Securities Act.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Stockholder
Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.
Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to
receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle
an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction
or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the
loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft
or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting
of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver
a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

13 

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent
as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action
which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the
Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

14 

e) Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof.
All legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether
brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents)
shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the New
York Courts). Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication
of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it
under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence
an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, then the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding
shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and
Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant,
if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the
Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited
to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant
hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

15 

h) Notices. Any
and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Company, at 142 West 57th Street, Floor 9, New York, NY 10019, Attention: Spiro Sakiris, email address: spiro.sakiris@ibs.inc,
or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other
communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent
by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing
on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest
of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section
prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any
notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company
shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i) Limitation of
Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and
Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

INTELLIGENT
BIO SOLUTIONS INC.

By: 

Name: Spiro
Sakiris

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

17 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: INTELLIGENT
BIO SOLUTIONS INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of
the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation
of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant
with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares
in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant,
execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: ____________________ 

Holders Address: ____________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

ArentFox Schiff LLP

1717 K Street NW

Washington, DC 20006

202.857.6000 main

202.857.6395 fax

afslaw.com 

February 21, 2025

Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc.

142 West, 57th Street, 11th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Intelligent
Bio Solutions Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act)
of the Companys prospectus supplement, dated February 20, 2025 ( the Prospectus Supplement), forming part
of the registration statement on Form S-3, Registration No. 333-264218 (the Registration Statement), initially filed
by the Company with the Commission on April 8, 2022, and declared effective on April 20, 2022. The Prospectus Supplement relates to the
proposed sale of (i) 1,304,348 shares of the Companys common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Shares)
and (ii) up to an additional 195,652 Shares for which the underwriters have been granted an over-allotment option. The Shares are being
sold to the several underwriters named in, and pursuant to an underwriting agreement among the Company and such underwriters (the Underwriting
Agreement).

In connection with our opinion,
we have examined the Registration Statement, including the exhibits thereto, the Prospectus Supplement and the prospectus included in
the Registration Statement, the Underwriting Agreement, and such other documents, corporate records and instruments, and have examined
such laws and regulations, as we have deemed necessary for the purposes of this opinion. In making our examination, we have assumed the
genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity with the originals of all
documents submitted to us as copies and the legal capacity of all natural persons. As to matters of fact material to our opinions in this
letter, we have relied on certificates and statements from officers and other employees of the Company, public officials and other appropriate
persons.

Based on the foregoing and subject
to the qualifications set forth below, we are of the opinion that:

1. The Shares, when issued by the Company against payment therefor in the circumstances contemplated by the
Underwriting Agreement, will have been duly authorized for issuance by all necessary corporate action by the Company, and will be validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

The foregoing opinions are limited
to the General Corporation Law of Delaware, and we express no opinion as to the laws of any other jurisdiction.

The opinions expressed in this
opinion letter are as of the date of this opinion letter only and as to laws covered hereby only as they are in effect on that date, and
we assume no obligation to update or supplement such opinion to reflect any facts or circumstances that may come to our attention after
that date or any changes in law that may occur or become effective after that date. The opinions herein are limited to the matters expressly
set forth in this opinion letter, and no opinion or representation is given or may be inferred beyond the opinions expressly set forth
in this opinion letter.

This opinion letter is being delivered
in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. We hereby consent to the filing of this
opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on the date hereof and to the reference to us under the
caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus and under the caption Legal Matters in the prospectus contained in
the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is
required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Sincerely, 

/s/ ArentFox Schiff, LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc. Announces Proposed
Public Offering of Common Stock

NEW YORK, February 19, 2025
Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc. (Nasdaq: INBS) (the Company) a medical technology company delivering intelligent,
rapid, non-invasive testing solutions, today announced that it is commencing an underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock.
All of the shares of common stock are being offered by Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc. The offering is subject to market conditions, and
there can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering.

Ladenburg Thalmann &
Co. Inc. is acting as the sole bookrunning manager for the offering.

The offering is being made
pursuant to a shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on April 8, 2022, and
declared effective by the SEC on April 20, 2022.

A preliminary prospectus
supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website
at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering, when available,
may also be obtained by contacting Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. at Attn: Prospectus Department, 640 Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor, New
York, NY 10019 or by e-mail at prospectus@ladenburg.com.

This press release shall
not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of these securities in
any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Intelligent Bio
Solutions Inc.

Intelligent Bio Solutions
Inc. (NASDAQ: INBS) is a medical technology company delivering innovative, rapid, non-invasive testing solutions. The Company believes
that its Intelligent Fingerprinting Drug Screening System will transform portable testing through fingerprint sweat analysis, which has
the potential for broader applications in additional fields. Designed as a hygienic and cost-effective system, the test screens for the
recent use of drugs commonly found in the workplace, including opiates, cocaine, methamphetamine, and cannabis. With sample collection
in seconds and results in under ten minutes, this technology would be a valuable tool for employers in safety-critical industries. The
Companys current customer segments outside the US include construction, manufacturing and engineering, transport and logistics
firms, drug treatment organizations, and coroners. For more information, visit: http://www.ibs.inc

Forward-Looking Statements:

Some of the statements in
this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements in this press release include, without limitation, Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc.s ability to successfully consummate
the proposed transaction described in this press release, develop and commercialize its drug and diagnostic tests, realize commercial
benefit from its partnerships and collaborations, and secure regulatory approvals, among others. Although Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc.
believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, expectations may prove
to have been materially different from the results expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. Intelligent Bio Solutions
Inc. has attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology, including believes, estimates,
anticipates, expects, plans, projects, intends, potential,
may, could, might, will, should, approximately or
other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are only
predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, included in Intelligent Bio Solutions public
filings filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of
its date. Intelligent Bio Solutions undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release to reflect
events or circumstances occurring after its date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Company Contact:

Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc. 

info@ibs.inc

LinkedIn | Twitter

Investor & Media Contact:

Valter Pinto, Managing Director 

KCSA Strategic Communications 

PH: (212) 896-1254 

INBS@kcsa.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc. Announces Pricing
of $2.6 Million Public Offering of Common Stock

NEW YORK, February 20, 2025 Intelligent Bio
Solutions Inc. (Nasdaq: INBS) (the Company), a medical technology company delivering intelligent, rapid, non-invasive testing
solutions, today announced the pricing of its previously announced underwritten public offering of 1,304,348 shares of common stock at
a public offering price of $2.00 per share of common stock, for gross proceeds of approximately $2.6 million, before deducting underwriting
discounts and commissions and offering expenses.

Ladenburg Thalmann &
Co. Inc. is acting as the sole bookrunning manager for the offering.

All of the shares of common
stock to be sold in the offering will be sold by the Company. In addition, the Company has granted the underwriter a 45-day option to
purchase up to an additional 195,652 shares of its common stock at the public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
The offering is expected to close on or about February 21, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

The Company intends to use
the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The offering is being made
pursuant to a shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on April 8, 2022, and
declared effective by the SEC on April 20, 2022. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering
have been filed with the SEC and are available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. A final prospectus supplement will be filed
with the SEC. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering, when available, may also
be obtained by contacting Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. at Attn: Prospectus Department, 640 Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, NY
10019 or by e-mail at prospectus@ladenburg.com.

This press release
shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of these securities
in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Intelligent Bio
Solutions Inc.

Intelligent Bio Solutions
Inc. (NASDAQ: INBS) is a medical technology company delivering innovative, rapid, non-invasive testing solutions The Company believes
that its Intelligent Fingerprinting Drug Screening System will transform portable testing through fingerprint sweat analysis, which has
the potential for broader applications in additional fields. Designed as a hygienic and cost-effective system, the test screens for the
recent use of drugs commonly found in the workplace, including opiates, cocaine, methamphetamine, and cannabis. With sample collection
in seconds and results in under ten minutes, this technology would be a valuable tool for employers in safety-critical industries. The
Companys current customer segments outside the U.S. include construction, manufacturing and engineering, transport and logistics
firms, drug treatment organizations, and coroners.

For more information, visit
http://www.ibs.inc.

Forward-Looking Statements:

Some of the statements in
this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements in this press release include, without limitation, Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc.s ability to successfully consummate
the transaction described in this press release and the use of proceeds therefrom, develop and commercialize its drug and diagnostic tests,
realize commercial benefit from its partnerships and collaborations, and secure regulatory approvals, among others. Although Intelligent
Bio Solutions Inc. believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, expectations
may prove to have been materially different from the results expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. Intelligent Bio
Solutions Inc. has attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology, including believes, estimates,
anticipates, expects, plans, projects, intends, potential,
may, could, might, will, should, approximately or
other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are only
predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, included in Intelligent Bio Solutions public
filings filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of its
date. Intelligent Bio Solutions undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release to reflect
events or circumstances occurring after its date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Company Contact:

Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc.

info@ibs.inc

LinkedIn | Twitter

Investor & Media Contact:

Valter Pinto, Managing Director

KCSA Strategic Communications

PH: (212) 896-1254

INBS@kcsa.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

Intelligent Bio Solutions
Inc. Announces Closing of $3.0 Million Public Offering of Common Stock and Full Exercise of the Underwriters Option to Purchase
Additional Shares of Common Stock

NEW YORK, February 21, 2025 Intelligent Bio
Solutions Inc. (Nasdaq: INBS) (the Company), a medical technology company delivering intelligent, rapid, non-invasive testing
solutions, today announced the closing of its previously announced underwritten public offering of 1,500,000 shares of common stock at
a public offering price of $2.00 per share of common stock, which included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase
up to 195,652 additional shares of common stock. Including the option exercise, the aggregate gross proceeds from the offering were approximately
$3.0 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company.

Ladenburg Thalmann &
Co. Inc. acted as the sole bookrunning manager for the offering.

The offering was made pursuant
to a shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on April 8, 2022, and declared
effective by the SEC on April 20, 2022. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering have been filed
with the SEC and are available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus
relating to the offering may also be obtained by contacting Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. at Attn: Prospectus Department, 640 Fifth
Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10019 or by e-mail at prospectus@ladenburg.com.

This press release
shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of these securities
in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Intelligent Bio
Solutions Inc.

Intelligent Bio Solutions
Inc. (NASDAQ: INBS) is a medical technology company delivering innovative, rapid, non-invasive testing solutions. The Company believes
that its Intelligent Fingerprinting Drug Screening System will transform portable testing through fingerprint sweat analysis, which has
the potential for broader applications in additional fields. Designed as a hygienic and cost-effective system, the test screens for the
recent use of drugs commonly found in the workplace, including opiates, cocaine, methamphetamine, and cannabis. With sample collection
in seconds and results in under ten minutes, this technology would be a valuable tool for employers in safety-critical industries. The
Companys current customer segments outside the U.S. include construction, manufacturing and engineering, transport and logistics
firms, drug treatment organizations, and coroners.

For more information, visit
http://www.ibs.inc.

Forward-Looking Statements:

Some of the statements in
this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements in this press release include, without limitation, Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc.s ability to develop and commercialize
its drug and diagnostic tests, realize commercial benefit from its partnerships and collaborations, secure regulatory approvals, among
others, and the intended use of proceeds from the offering. Although Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc. believes that the expectations reflected
in such forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, expectations may prove to have been materially different from the
results expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc. has attempted to identify forward-looking
statements by terminology, including believes, estimates, anticipates, expects,
plans, projects, intends, potential, may, could, might,
will, should, approximately or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes
to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties,
and other factors, included in Intelligent Bio Solutions public filings filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any
forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of its date. Intelligent Bio Solutions undertakes no obligation to
update any forward-looking statements contained in this release to reflect events or circumstances occurring after its date or to reflect
the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Company Contact:

Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc.

info@ibs.inc

LinkedIn | Twitter

Investor & Media Contact:

Valter Pinto, Managing Director

KCSA Strategic Communications

PH: (212) 896-1254

INBS@kcsa.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-3_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>inbs-20250219.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>inbs-20250219_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>inbs-20250219_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 19, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 19, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39825

Entity Registrant Name INTELLIGENT
BIO SOLUTIONS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001725430

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-1512711

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 135
West, 41st Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 5th
Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10036

City Area Code (646)

Local Phone Number 828-8258

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol INBS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ibs.inc/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
inbs-20250219.xsd 
inbs-20250219_lab.xml 
inbs-20250219_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-007928-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001725430 

2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001725430 
8-K 
2025-02-19 
INTELLIGENT BIO SOLUTIONS INC. 
DE 
001-39825 
82-1512711 
135 West, 41st Street 
5th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10036 
(646) 
828-8258 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
INBS 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>