<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-009279.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-009279.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204211831
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-009279
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		25
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250203
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Annovis Bio, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001477845
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				262540421
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39202
		FILM NUMBER:		25590495

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 LINDENWOOD DRIVE, SUITE 225
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355
		BUSINESS PHONE:		484-875-3192

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 LINDENWOOD DRIVE, SUITE 225
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QR Pharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091202
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000147784500014778452025-02-032025-02-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):February 3, 2025

ANNOVIS BIO, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-39202 26-2540421

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

101
Lindenwood Drive, Suite 225

Malvern, PA19355

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(484) 875-3192

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 ANVS New
York Stock Exchange

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 3, 2025, Annovis Bio, Inc.
(the Company) entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with ThinkEquity
LLC, acting as representative of the underwriters (ThinkEquity) with respect to an underwritten public offering of
5,250,000 units of the Company, each unit consisting of one share of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock) and one warrant to purchase one share of the Company Stock (the Warrants) to purchase an aggregate
of 5,250,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares), at a per unit price of $4.00. for aggregate gross proceeds
of $21,000,000 (the Offering) before deducting underwriting discounts and fees
and other estimated offering expenses. The Warrants have an exercise price of $5.00 per share, are immediately exercisable and expire
five years from the date of issuance. The shares of Common Stock and Warrants were issued separately. Collectively, the shares of Common
Stock, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares are referred to as the Securities. In connection with the issuance of
the Warrants, the Company entered into a Warrant Agency Agreement, dated February 4, 2025 with Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as warrant
agent (the Warrant Agency Agreement).

The
Securities offered and sold in the Offering were issued pursuant to the Companys shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3,
as amended (File No. 333-276814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 1,
2024, which was declared effective on February 12, 2024, the related prospectus contained therein, and the final prospectus supplement
relating to the Offering filed with the SEC on February 4, 2025. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering, for
the continued clinical development of our lead compound Buntanetap in a Phase 3 study for Alzheimers disease, and for working capital
and general corporate purposes.

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company
and the Underwriters, including for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, other obligations of the parties and termination
provisions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such
agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement and were subject to limitations agreed
upon by the contracting parties.

The foregoing description of the Underwriting
Agreement, the Warrants and the Warrant Agency Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Underwriting Agreement, the form of Warrant and the Warrant Agency Agreement copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 1.1,
4.1 and 4.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the opinion of Loeb &
Loeb LLP relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the Securities in the Offering is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto.

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities discussed herein, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation,
or sale of the securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state.

Item 8.01. Other Events

On January 31, 2025, the Company issued a
press release announcing that the Company had commenced the Offering.

On February 3, 2025, the Company issued a
press release announcing the pricing of the Offering.

On February 4, 2025, the Company issued a
press release announcing the closing of the Offering.

Copies of the press releases are attached as Exhibits
99.1, 99.2 and Exhibit 99.3, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 3, 2025,
by and between Annovis Bio., Inc. and ThinkEquity LLC

4.1 Form of Warrant

4.2 Warrant Agency Agreement

5.1 Opinion of Loeb & Loeb LLP

23.1 Consent of Loeb & Loeb LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 Press Release Dated January 31, 2025

99.2 Press Release Dated February 3, 2025

99.3 Press Release Dated February 4, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within
the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ANNOVIS BIO, INC.

Dated: February 4, 2025 By: /s/ Maria Maccecchini

Name: Maria Maccecchini

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

between

Annovis Bio, Inc.

and

ThinkEquitY
LLC

as Representative of the Several Underwriters

ANNOVIS BIO, INC.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

February 3, 2025

ThinkEquity LLC

As Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 attached hereto

17 State Street, 41st Floor

New York, New York 10004

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned, Annovis Bio, Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company),
hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with ThinkEquity LLC (hereinafter referred to as you
(including its correlatives) or the Representative), and with the other underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto
for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively called the
Underwriters or, individually, an Underwriter) as follows:

1.Purchase
and Sale of Securities.

1.1Securities.

1.1.1Nature
and Purchase of Units.

(i)On
the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, an aggregate of 5,250,000 units (the Units) of the Company,
consisting of one share of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (each, a Share ) and one warrant (each, a Warrant)
to purchase one Share at an exercise price of $5.00 for a period of five (5) years, subject to adjustment as provided in the Warrant
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. The Units, including the Shares, the Warrants and the Underlying Shares (as defined
below) are collectively referred to herein as the Securities. The Securities shall be issued directly by the Company
and shall have the rights and privileges described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offering
and sale of the Securities is hereinafter referred to as the Offering.

(ii)The
Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Units set forth opposite their respective names
on Schedule 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof at a purchase price of $3.76 per Unit (94% of the per Unit offering price).
The Units are to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus (as defined
in Section 2.1.1 hereof). No Units will be certificated, and the Common Stock and the Warrants comprising the Units will be separated
immediately upon issuance.

1.1.2Shares
Payment and Delivery.

(i)Delivery
and payment for the Securities shall be made at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on February 4, 2025, or at such earlier time as shall be
agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of Venable LLP, 151 West 42nd Street, 49th Floor,
New York, New York 10036 (Representative Counsel), or at such other place (or remotely by facsimile or other electronic
transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Securities
is called the Closing Date.

(ii)Payment
for the Units shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the Company upon
delivery of the certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) representing the Securities (or through the facilities
of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Securities shall be registered in
such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) full Business
Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Securities except upon tender of payment by the
Representative for all of the Securities. The term Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or
a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York, New York.

2.Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Applicable Time (as defined below),
as of the Closing Date, as follows:

2.1Filing
of Registration Statement.

2.1.1Pursuant
to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-276814), including any related prospectus
or prospectuses, for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
which registration statement was prepared by the Company in all material respects in conformity with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act (the Securities Act Regulations)
and contains and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and
the Securities Act Regulations. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement on file with the Commission at
any given time, including any amendments thereto to such time, exhibits and schedules thereto at such time, documents filed as a part
thereof or incorporated pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act at such time and the documents and information otherwise
deemed to be a part thereof or included therein pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule 430B
Information) or otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act Regulations at such time, is referred to herein as the Registration
Statement. The Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is referred to herein as the Initial
Registration Statement. If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities
Act Regulations, then after such filing, the term Registration Statement shall include such registration statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement was declared effective by the Commission on February 12, 2024.

The prospectus in the form
in which it was filed with the Commission in connection with the Initial Registration Statement is herein called the Base Prospectus.
Each preliminary prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus (including the Base Prospectus as so supplemented) that described the Securities
and the Offering and omitted the Rule 430B Information and that was used prior to the filing of the final prospectus supplement referred
to in the following paragraph is herein called a Preliminary Prospectus.

Promptly after the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will prepare and file with the Commission a final prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus
relating to the Securities and the Offering in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430B and Rule 424(b) of the Securities
Act Regulations. Such final prospectus supplement (including the Base Prospectus as so supplemented), in the form filed with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act is herein called the Prospectus. Any reference herein
to the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated
by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act as of the date of such prospectus.

- 2 - 

Applicable
Time means 6:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Disclosure
Package means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the Preliminary Prospectus
dated February 3, 2025 and the information included on Schedule 2-A hereto, all considered together.

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities
Act Regulations (Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined
in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission
by the Company, (ii) a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether
or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because
it contains a description of the Securities or of the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form
filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records
pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer General Use
Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors
(other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433) (the Bona Fide Electronic Roadshow),
as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule 2-B hereto.

Issuer Limited Use
Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus.

2.1.2Pursuant
to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A (File No. 001-39202) providing for the registration
pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of
the shares of Common Stock. The registration of the shares of Common Stock and related Form 8-A have been declared effective under
the Exchange Act on or prior to the date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating
the registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission
is contemplating terminating such registration.

2.2Stock
Exchange Listing. The shares of Common Stock have been approved for listing on The New York Stock Exchange (the Exchange)
as of the date hereof, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the shares of Common
Stock from the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing except
as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The Company will submit the Subsequent Listing
Application with the Exchange with respect to the Offering of the Securities promptly after the execution of this Agreement.

2.3No
Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any
order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted or,
to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied with
each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

- 3 - 

2.4Disclosures
in Registration Statement.

2.4.1Compliance
with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(i)Each
of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective (including each deemed effective
date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B or otherwise under the Securities Act) complied and will comply in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. The conditions for use of Form S-3,
set forth in the General Instructions thereto, , have been satisfied. Each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time each
was or will be filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act
and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering
and the Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR,
except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(ii)Neither
the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date, contained,
contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes no representation
as to the Underwriters Information (as defined below).

(iii)The
Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date, did not, does not and will not include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading; and any Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto does not conflict with the information contained
in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus,
as supplemented by and taken together with the Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or
statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters
by the Representative expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof
or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists solely
of the following statements concerning the Underwriters contained in the Underwriting section of the Prospectus (the Underwriters
Information): (i) the second sentence of the subsection entitled Discounts and Commissions related to concessions;
(ii) the subsection entitled Price Stabilization; (iii) the subsection entitled Passive Market Making
and (iv) the subsection entitled Electronic Offer, Sale and Distribution of Securities.

(iv)Neither
the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time of any filing
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to
the Underwriters Information.

(v)The
documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, when they became effective
or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or
the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and none of such documents contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, when such documents become effective or are filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

- 4 - 

2.4.2Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus conform
in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained or incorporated by reference therein and there are no agreements or other
documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement or to be incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, that have not been so described or filed or incorporated by reference.
Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound
or affected and (i) that is referred to or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is
in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other
parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision
may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other
forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the best of the
Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred
that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge,
performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing
applicable law, rule, regulation, ordinance, judgment, order or decree of any governmental or regulatory agency, body, authority, or court,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity),
including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, he Company has no subsidiaries and has no other interest, nominal or beneficial, direct or
indirect, in any other corporation, joint venture or other business entity.

2.4.3Prior
Securities Transactions. Since January 1, 2023, no securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf
of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Preliminary Prospectus.

2.4.4Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, state, local
and all foreign regulation on the Offering and the Companys business as currently contemplated are accurate, correct and complete
in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

2.4.5No
Other Distribution of Offering Materials. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not distribute any offering
material in connection with the Offering other than any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and other materials,
if any, permitted under the Securities Act and consistent with Section 3.2 below.

- 5 - 

2.5Changes
After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.5.1No
Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein or incorporated by reference therein: (i) there has been
no material adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, nor any change or development that, singularly
or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial
or otherwise), results of operations, stockholders equity, business, general affairs, management, assets, properties or prospects
of the Company (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the
Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no officer or director of the Company has resigned from
any position with the Company; and (iv) the Company has not sustained any material loss or interference with its business or properties
from fire, explosion, flood, earthquake, hurricane, accident or other calamity.

2.5.2Recent
Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or
obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or
in respect to its capital stock.

2.6Disclosures
in Commission Filings. Since January 1, 2023, (i) none of the Companys filings with the Commission contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and (ii) the Company has made all filings with the Commission required
under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act Regulations).

2.7Independent
Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, each of Ernst & Young LLP (the Auditor) and WithumSmith+Brown
(the Prior Auditor), whose reports are filed with the Commission and included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by
the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. Neither the Prior Auditor nor
the Auditor has, during the periods covered by the financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of
the Exchange Act.

- 6 - 

2.8Financial
Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included or incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present in all material respects the financial position
and the results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have
been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout
the periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are not expected
to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting schedules included or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein. No other
historical or pro forma financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus under the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. All disclosures contained
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein,
regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission), if
any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each
of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements,
obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that
may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (a) the Company, has not incurred any material liabilities or obligations,
direct or contingent, or entered into any material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has
not declared or paid any dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been
any change in the capital stock of the Company, or, other than in the course of business or any grants under any stock compensation plan,
and (d) there has not been any Material Adverse Change in any long-term or short-term debt of the Company.

2.9Authorized
Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions stated in
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted stock capitalization
set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
on the date hereof, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date, there will be no stock options, warrants, or other rights to purchase
or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued shares of Common Stock of the Company or any security convertible or exercisable into
shares of Common Stock of the Company, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell shares of Common Stock or any such options, warrants,
rights or convertible securities.

2.10Valid
Issuance of Securities, etc.

2.10.1Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission, rights
of first refusal or rights of participation or similar rights with respect thereto or put rights, and are not subject to personal liability
by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights, rights of first refusal
or rights of participation or similar rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the
Company. The authorized shares of Common Stock conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding shares of Common Stock were at all relevant
times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or, based in part
on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such Shares, exempt from such registration requirements.

- 7 - 

2.10.2Securities
Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Securities have been duly authorized for issuance and sale and, when issued and paid for, will
be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason
of being such holders; the Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company
or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and
sale of the Securities have been duly and validly taken. The Securities conform in all material respects to all statements with respect
thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. All corporate action required to be taken
for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Warrants has been duly and validly taken the Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants (the Underlying Shares) have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate
action on the part of the Company and when paid for and issued, such Underlying Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders and such Common Stock
are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company.

2.11Registration
Rights of Third Parties. No holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable
into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities
Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.12Validity
and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Warrants have been duly and validly authorized by the Company, and, when
executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with itsterms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar
laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be
limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may
be brought.

2.13No
Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Warrants and all ancillary documents,
the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof
and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a material breach
of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result in the creation, modification,
termination or imposition of any lien, charge, mortgage, pledge, security, interest, claim, equity, trust or other encumbrance, preferential
arrangement, or restriction of any kind whatsoever upon any portion of any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of
any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, lease, loan agreement or any other agreement or instrument, license or permit, to which
the Company is a party or as to which any of its properties or any of its assets are bound; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions
of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Charter)
or the by-laws of the Company (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time); or (iii) result in any material violation
of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof (including,
without limitation, those promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the FDA)
or by any foreign, federal, state or local regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA).

2.14No
Defaults; Violations. No material default by the Company exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition
of any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument
evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which
the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any
term or provision of its Charter or by-laws, or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment
or decree of any Governmental Entity.

- 8 - 

2.15Corporate
Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.15.1Conduct
of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary consents, authorizations, approvals,
registrations, orders, licenses, certificates, qualifications, registrations and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials
and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse
Change.

2.15.2Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Warrants, and to carry
out the provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals, registrations, orders, licenses, certificates,
qualifications and permits required in connection therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with,
any court, government agency or other body is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery of the Units and the consummation of
the transactions and agreements contemplated by this Agreement, the Warrants and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations of
the Exchange and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

2.16D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders),
as supplemented by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers and principal stockholders as described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as well as in the Lock-Up Agreement (as defined in Section 2.27 below) provided
to the Underwriters, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would
cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

2.17Litigation;
Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding
pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any executive
officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or in connection
with the Companys listing application for the listing of the Securities on the Exchange, and which is required to be disclosed.

2.18Good
Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of
the State of Delaware as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in
which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified
or in good standing, singularly or in the aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.19Insurance.
The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with reputable insurers, in such amounts and covering such risks which
the Company believes are adequate, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to $2,500,000
and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its
existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may
be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

- 9 - 

2.20Transactions
Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

2.20.1Finders
Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no claims, payments,
arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination fee by the Company or
any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company
or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA.

2.20.2Payments
Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company
has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting
fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or
provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation
or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve months prior to the date of this Agreement, other than the payment to the Underwriters
as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering and payments in connection with other sales of securities.

2.20.3Use
of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates,
except as specifically authorized herein.

2.20.4FINRA
Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of the
Company's securities or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the
180-day period immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member
participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA). Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company (i) does not have any material lending or other relationship with
any bank or lending affiliate of any Underwriter and (ii) does not intend to use any of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities
to repay any outstanding debt owed to any affiliate of any Underwriter.

2.20.5Information.
All information provided by the Company in its, and, to the Companys knowledge, all information provided by the Companys
officers and directors in their FINRA questionnaire to Representative Counsel specifically for use by Representative Counsel in connection
with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all material respects.

2.21Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate
of the Company or any other person acting on behalf of the Company, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift
or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee
or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic
or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position
to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (a) might
subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (b) if not given in
the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change; (c) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business,
operations or prospects of the Company ; or (d) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977, as amended (the FCPA) or any applicable non-U.S. anti-bribery statute or regulation; (ii) made any
bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment; or (iii) received notice of any investigation, proceeding
or inquiry by any Governmental Entity regarding any of the matters in clauses (i) or (ii) above; and the Company has conducted
its business in compliance with the FCPA in all material respects, and has instituted and maintains policies and procedures designed to
ensure, and which are reasonably expected to ensure, that the Company will continue to comply in all material respects with the FCPA.
The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply
in all material respects with the FCPA.

- 10 - 

2.22Compliance
with OFAC. None of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company
or any other person acting on behalf of the Company, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC), and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use
the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture
partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered
by OFAC.

2.23Forward-Looking
Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act) contained in either the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable
basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

2.24Money
Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of
all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered
or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding
by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge
of the Company, threatened.

2.25Regulatory.
(a) All preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the Company that are material to the Company, are or
have been adequately described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus in all material respects. To the
Companys knowledge, the preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the Company that are described in
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or the results of which are referred to in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus were and, if still ongoing, are being conducted in material compliance with all laws and regulations
applicable thereto in the jurisdictions in which they are being conducted and in material compliance with all laws and regulations applicable
to preclinical studies and clinical trials from which data will be submitted to support marketing approval. The descriptions in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus of the results of such studies are accurate and complete in all material respects
and fairly present the data derived from such studies, and the Company has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that, any large well-controlled
clinical study the aggregate results of which are inconsistent with or otherwise call into question the results of any clinical study
conducted by or on behalf of the Company that are described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or
the results of which are referred to in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. Except as disclosed in
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not received any written notices or statements
from the FDA, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) or any other governmental agency or authority imposing, requiring,
requesting or suggesting a clinical hold, termination, suspension or material modification for or of any preclinical studies and clinical
trials that are described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or the results of which are referred
to in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not received any written notices or statements from the FDA, the EMA or any other governmental
agency, and otherwise has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that, (i) any investigational new drug application for any potential
product of the Company is or has been rejected or placed on clinical hold; and (ii) any license, approval, permit or authorization
to conduct any clinical trial of any potential product of the Company has been, will be or may be suspended, revoked, modified or limited.
The Company has not failed to file with the FDA or any foreign, federal, state or local governmental or regulatory authority performing
functions similar to those performed by the FDA, any material filing, declaration, listing, registration, report or submission that is
required to be so filed. All such filings were in material compliance with applicable laws when filed and no deficiencies have been asserted
by any applicable regulatory authority (including, without limitation, the FDA or any foreign, federal, state or local governmental or
regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA) with respect to any such filings, declarations, listings,
registrations, reports or submissions. To the knowledge of the Company, there are no facts that would be reasonably likely to result in
any warning, untitled or notice of violation letter or Form FDA-483 from the FDA. The Company is not aware of any studies, tests
or trials the results of which the Company believes reasonably call into question (i) the study, test or trial results of any of
its products, (ii) the efficacy or safety of any of its products or (iii) any of the Companys filings with any Governmental
Entity.

- 11 - 

(b) Regulatory Filings
and Permits. The Company has such permits, licenses, clearances, registrations, exemptions, patents, franchises, certificates of need
and other approvals, consents and other authorizations (Permits) issued by the appropriate domestic or foreign regional,
federal, state, or local regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business of the Company, including, without limitation,
any Investigational New Drug Application (an IND), Biologics License Application (BLA) and/or
New Drug Application (an NDA), as required by FDA, the Drug Enforcement Administration (the DEA),
or any other Permits issued by domestic or foreign regional, federal, state, or local agencies or bodies engaged in the regulation of
pharmaceuticals such as those being developed by the Company (collectively, the Regulatory Permits), except for any
of the foregoing that would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; the Company
is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of the Regulatory Permits, and all of such Regulatory Permits are valid
and in full force and effect; the Company has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation, termination, modification
or impairment of rights of any of the Regulatory Permits that, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; the Company has not failed to submit to the FDA
any IND, BLA or NDA necessary to conduct the business of the Company, any such filings that were required to be made were in material
compliance with applicable laws when filed, and no material deficiencies have been asserted by the FDA with respect to any such filings
or submissions that were made.

(c) Compliance with
Health Care Laws. The Company is, and at all times in the past five (5) years has been, in compliance in all material respects
with all applicable Health Care Laws, and has not engaged in activities which are, as applicable, cause for false claims liability, civil
penalties, or mandatory or permissive exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, or any other state or federal health care program. For purposes
of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 
301 et seq.), the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) all
applicable federal, state, local and all applicable foreign health care related fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the
U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the U.S. Physician Payment Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7h),
the U.S. Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), the criminal False Claims Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(a)), all
criminal laws relating to health care fraud and abuse, including but not limited to 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, and the health care
fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) (42 U.S.C.
Section 1320d et seq.), the exclusion laws (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7), the civil monetary penalties law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a),
HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.), and
the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes; (iii) Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act); (iv) Medicaid
(Title XIX of the Social Security Act); (v) the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) and the regulations
promulgated thereunder; and (vi) any and all other applicable health care laws and regulations. The Company has not received notice
of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in material violation of any
Health Care Laws, and, to the Companys knowledge, no such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation,
arbitration or other action is threatened. The Company is not a party to or has any ongoing reporting obligations pursuant to any corporate
integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, plans of correction
or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally, neither the Company, nor any of its employees,
officers or directors has in the past five (5) years been excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal
health care program or human clinical research or, to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation,
proceeding, or other similar action that could reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion.

- 12 - 

2.26Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you or to Representative Counsel
shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.27Lock-Up
Agreements. Schedule 3 hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys officers, directors and each owner of 5%
or more of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common
Stock) (collectively, the Lock-Up Parties). The Company has caused each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the
Representative an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (theLock-Up
Agreement), prior to the execution of this Agreement.

2.28Subsidiaries.
The Company has no direct or indirect subsidiaries.

2.29Related
Party Transactions.

2.29.1Business
Relationships. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other person required
to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have not been described as required.

2.29.2No
Relationships with Customers and Suppliers. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company on the one hand,
and the directors, officers, 5% or greater stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company or any of the Companys affiliates
on the other hand, which is required to be described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or a document incorporated by reference
therein and which is not so described.

2.29.3No
Unconsolidated Entities. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any of its
affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited
to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys
liquidity or the availability of or requirements for its capital resources required to be described in the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus or a document incorporated by reference therein which have not been described as required.

2.30Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of the persons disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board comply
with the Exchange Act, the Exchange Act Regulations, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act) applicable to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors of the Company qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation
S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify
as independent, as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

- 13 - 

2.31Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance.

2.31.1Disclosure
Controls. The Company has developed and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that will comply with Rule 13a-15
or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations, and such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information concerning
the Company will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys Exchange Act
filings and other public disclosure documents.

2.31.2Compliance.
The Company is, or at the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and taken reasonable steps to ensure the Companys future
compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act.

2.32Accounting
Controls. The Company maintains systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined under Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under
the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance
that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the
recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect
to any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company is not aware
of any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Companys auditor and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of
the Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
controls over financial reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected or are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any
fraud known to the Companys management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
in the Disclosure Package, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

2.33No
Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds thereof
as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an investment
company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

- 14 - 

2.34No
Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent.

2.35Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company owns or possesses or has, to the Companys knowledge, valid rights to use all material patents,
patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses,
inventions, trade secrets and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for the conduct of the business
of the Company as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus except
where the failure to own or possess such rights would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. To the
knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company necessary for the conduct of its business as currently carried on and as described
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will involve or give rise to any infringement of, or license or similar fees (other than
license or similar fees described or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure for, any Intellectual Property Rights
of others. The Company has not received any notice alleging any such infringement of, license or similar fees for, or conflict with, any
asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate,
in a Material Adverse Change, (i) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third
parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company; (ii) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the rights of the Company in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights,
and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate,
together with any other claims in this Section 2.35, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (iii) the
Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the
Company have not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any
such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that
would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.35, reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Change; (iv) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or
claim by others that the Company infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary
rights of others, the Company has not received any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware of any other facts which would
form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.35,
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (v) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company
is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention
assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant to or
with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company, or actions undertaken
by the employee while employed with the Company and could reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material
Adverse Change. To the Companys knowledge, all material technical information developed by and belonging to the Company which has
not been patented or disclosed in a filed patent application has been kept confidential. The Company is not a party to or bound by any
options, licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be
set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are not described therein. The Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contain in all material respects the same description of the matters set forth in the preceding
sentence. None of the technology employed by the Company has been obtained or is being used by the Company in violation of any contractual
obligation binding on the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its officers, directors or employees, or otherwise in violation
of the rights of any persons.

- 15 - 

To the Companys knowledge,
all licenses for the use of the Intellectual Property described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
are in full force and effect in all material respects and are enforceable by the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other
parties thereto, in accordance with their terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision
may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other
forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and the Company, has no knowledge, that any other
party is in default thereunder and no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute
a default thereunder.

2.36Reserved.

2.37Taxes.
The Company has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof or has
duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid (or made proper provision to pay) all taxes (as hereinafter
defined) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the Company. The provisions
for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all
accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements.
Except as disclosed in writing to the Underwriters, (i) no issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority
in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from the Company, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with
respect to the returns or collection of taxes have been given by or requested from the Company. The term taxes means
all federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits,
license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall
profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties,
additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports,
statements and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

2.38ERISA
Compliance. The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established
or maintained by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with
ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations described in
Sections 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations
thereunder (the Code) of which the Company is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA)
has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the
Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its
ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities
(as defined under ERISA). Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material
liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan
or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the
Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and,
to the knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

- 16 - 

2.39Compliance
with Laws. The Company: (A) is and has been for the past five (5) years in material compliance with all statutes, rules,
regulations, ordinances, judgments, orders and decrees of all Governmental Entities applicable to the Companys business (Applicable
Laws), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in or have a Material Adverse
Change; (B) has not received any warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from any other Governmental Entity
alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, consents, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations,
permits, orders and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations); (C) possesses
all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and is not in material violation of any term
of any such Authorizations; (D) has not received written notice of any claim, action, suit, litigation, proceeding, hearing, enforcement,
investigation, inquiry, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that any product operation or
activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity or third party
is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, litigation, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, inquiry,
arbitration or other action; (E) has not received notice that any Governmental Entity has taken, is taking or intends to take action
to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority is considering such action;
(F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, filings, notices, applications, records,
claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents,
forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct in all material respects
on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission); and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily,
initiated, conducted, or issued or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert,
post-sale warning, dear doctor letter, or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any
product or any alleged product defect or violation and, to the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends
to initiate any such notice or action.

2.40Environmental
Laws. The Company is in compliance with all foreign, federal, state and local rules, laws and regulations relating to the use, treatment,
storage and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health and safety or the environment which are applicable
to their businesses (Environmental Laws), except where the failure to comply would not, singularly or in the aggregate,
result in a Material Adverse Change. To the knowledge of the Company, there has been no storage, generation, transportation, handling,
treatment, disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind of toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances by, due
to, or caused by the Company (or, to the Companys knowledge, any other entity for whose acts or omissions the Company is or may
otherwise be liable) upon any of the property now or previously owned or leased by the Company, or upon any other property, in violation
of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit or which would, under any law, statute, ordinance,
rule (including rule of common law), regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit, give rise to any liability; and there has
been no disposal, discharge, emission or other release of any kind onto such property or into the environment surrounding such property
of any toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances with respect to which the Company has knowledge.

2.41Real
Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has good and marketable
title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real or personal property which are material to the
business of the Company in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly
or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such
property by the Company; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company, and under which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are in full force
and effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted
by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights
of the Company to the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

- 17 - 

2.42Contracts
Affecting Capital. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any of its affiliates
(as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited
to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys
liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources required to be described or incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which have not been described or incorporated by reference as required.

2.43Ineligible
Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time of effectiveness of
the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant
made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Securities and at the
date hereof, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of
any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer

2.44Loans
to Directors or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course
of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company, or
any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.45Emerging
Growth Company. From the time of the initial submission of the Registration Statement to the Commission (or, if earlier, the first
date on which the Company engaged directly in or through any Person authorized to act on its behalf in any Testing-the- Waters Communication)
through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of
the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters Communication means any
oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act.

2.46Smaller
Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was, and currently is, a smaller reporting
company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.47Industry
Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate or represent the
Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

2.48Margin
Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be used, directly
or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness
which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the shares of
Common Stock to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

- 18 - 

2.49Exchange
Act Reports. The Company has filed in a timely manner all reports required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(e), 14 and 15(d) of
the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (except to the extent that Section 15(d) requires reports to be filed pursuant
to Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act, which shall be governed by the next clause of this sentence); and the Company
has filed since January 1, 2023, in a timely manner all reports required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of
the Exchange Act, except where the failure to timely file could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have
a Material Adverse Change.

2.50Minute
Books. The minute books of the Company have been made available to the Underwriters and Representative counsel, and such books (i) contain
a complete summary of all meetings and actions of the board of directors (including each board committee) and stockholders of the Company
since the time of its incorporation or organization through the date of the latest meeting and action, and (ii) accurately in all
material respects reflect all transactions referred to in such minutes. There are no material transactions, agreements, dispositions or
other actions of the Company that are not properly approved and/or accurately and fairly recorded in the minute books of the Company.

2.51Integration.
Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering to be integrated
with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such securities under
the Securities Act.

2.52No
Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent of
the Representative) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably
be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of
any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

2.53Confidentiality
and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the Company is subject
to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer that
could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the Company or be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.54Testing-the-Waters
Communications. The Company has not (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications or, (ii) authorized anyone
to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications. Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning
of Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

2.55Electronic
Road Show. The Company has made available a Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of the
Securities Act Regulations such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act
Regulations) is required in connection with the Offering.

3.Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1Amendments
to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Disclosure Package or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and not file any such
amendment or supplement to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

- 19 - 

3.2Federal
Securities Laws.

3.2.1Compliance.
The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 424(b) and Rule 430B of the Securities
Act Regulations, and will notify the Representative promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus shall
have been filed and when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall become effective; (ii) of the receipt of
any comments from the Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment
or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the
issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or of the suspension
of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings
for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the Registration
Statement; and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with
the Offering of the Securities. The Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations,
in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and shall take such
steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was
received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company shall use
its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting
thereof at the earliest possible moment.

3.2.2Continued
Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act
Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the Securities is (or, but for the
exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172), would be) required by the
Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result
of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to (i) amend the Registration Statement
in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or supplement the Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the
circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser or (iii) amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement
the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Securities
Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Representative notice of such event; (B) prepare any amendment or supplement
as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish the Representative with copies
of any such amendment or supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement; provided, however,
that the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative or counsel for the Underwriters shall
reasonably object. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters
may reasonably request. The Company has given the Representative notice of any filings made pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Exchange
Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the Representative notice of its intention to make
any such filing from the Applicable Time until the Closing Date and will furnish the Representative with copies of the related document(s) a
reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representative
or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object.

- 20 - 

3.2.3Exchange
Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts to
maintain the registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deregister the shares of Common
Stock under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2.4Free
Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative, it shall not make
any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free
writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under
Rule 433; provided, however, that the Representative shall be deemed to have consented to each Issuer General Use Free
Writing Prospectus hereto and any road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) that
has been reviewed by the Representative. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each such free writing
prospectus consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Underwriters as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in
Rule 433, and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 with respect thereto, including
timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would
conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters and will promptly amend or supplement,
at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

3.3Delivery
to the Underwriters of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make available to
the Representative and counsel for the Representative, without charge upon request, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally
filed and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to
the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto (without
exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters
will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted
by Regulation S-T.

3.4Delivery
to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available to each Underwriter,
without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company hereby consents
to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge,
during the period when a prospectus relating to the Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required
to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such Underwriter may
reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically
transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

- 21 - 

3.5Effectiveness
and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain
effective with a current prospectus for at least nine (9) months after the Applicable Time, and shall notify the Representative immediately
and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of
the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of
the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Units for offering or
sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery
to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any
comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period
described in this Section 3.5 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in (a) the Registration Statement
in order to make the statements therein not misleading, or (b) in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any state securities commission
shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company shall make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly
the lifting of such order.

3.6Review
of Financial Statements. For a period of two (2) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense, shall cause
its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements
for each of the three fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.7Listing.
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of the shares of Common Stock on the Exchange for at
least three (3) years from the date of this Agreement.

3.8Financial
Public Relations Firm. The Company shall retain a financial public relations firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative and
the Company, which firm shall be experienced in assisting issuers in public offerings of securities and in their relations with their
security holders. Investor Brand Network is acceptable to the Representative to act as the Companys financial public relations
firm.

3.9Reports
to the Representative.

3.9.1Periodic
Reports, etc. For a period of one (1) year after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make available
to the Representative copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes
generally to holders of any class of its securities. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed
to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this Section 3.9.1.

3.9.2Transfer
Agent. The Company shall retain a transfer and warrant agent and registrar reasonably acceptable to the Representative (the Transfer &
Warrant Agent). Equiniti Trust Company LLC is acceptable to the Representative to act as Transfer & Warrant Agent
for the shares of Common Stock and the Warrants.

- 22 - 

3.10Payment
of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on the Closing Date to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident
to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (i) all filing fees and
communication expenses relating to the registration of the Securities with the Commission; (ii) all filing fees associated with the
review of the Offering by FINRA; (iii) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Common Stock and the Underlying Shares
on the Exchange, including any fees charged by The Depository Trust Company (DTC) for new securities; (iv) all fees, expenses and
disbursements relating to background checks of the Companys officers, directors and entities; (v) all fees, expenses and disbursements
relating to the registration, qualification or exemption of the securities sold in the Offering under the securities laws of such foreign
jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate; (vi) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents
(including, without limitation, this Agreement, any blue sky surveys and, if appropriate, any agreement among underwriters, selected dealers
agreement, underwriters questionnaire and power of attorney), Registration Statements, Prospectuses, the Warrants and all amendments,
supplements and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Representative may reasonably deem necessary; (vii) the
costs and expenses of the public relations firm referred to in Section 3.8 hereof; (viii) the costs of preparing, printing and
delivering certificates representing the Common Stock and Underlying Shares; (ix) fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent for the
Shares and Underlying Shares; (x) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities from the Company
to the Underwriters; (xi) the costs associated with post-Closing advertising of the Offering in the national editions of The Wall
Street Journal and The New York Times; (xii) the costs associated with bound volumes of the public offering materials as well as
commemorative mementos and lucite tombstones, each of which the Company or its designee will provide within a reasonable time after the
Closing in such quantities as the Representative may reasonably request; (xiii) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants;
(xiv) the fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (xv) the reasonable and
documented fees and expenses of Underwriters legal counsel; (xvi) the cost associated with the Underwriters use of
Ipreos book building, prospectus tracking and compliance software for the Offering; (xvii) data services and communications
expenses; (xviii) the Representatives actual accountable road show expenses; and (xix) the Representatives
market making and trading, and clearing firm settlement expenses for the Offering. For the sake of clarity, the aggregate accountable
expense reimbursement will not exceed $125,000 in the event that the Offering is consummated or $75,000 in the event that the Offering
is not consummated (inclusive of the $25,000 advance for out-of-pocket accountable expenses previously paid by the Company to the Representative
(the Advance)). The Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the
Closing Date, the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters, provided, however, that in the event that the
Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof.

3.11Reserved.

3.12Application
of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with the application
thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

3.13Delivery
of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable,
but not later than the first day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the date of this Agreement, an earnings
statement (which need not be certified by independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Securities Act or the Securities
Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act)
covering a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement.

3.14Stabilization.
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent of the Representative)
has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to
cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of
the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

3.15Internal
Controls. The Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

- 23 - 

3.16Accountants.
The Company shall retain a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm that is reasonably acceptable to the Representative.
The Representative acknowledges that the Auditor is acceptable to the Representative.

3.17FINRA.
The Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware that (i) any
officer or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of the Company's securities or (iii) any
beneficial owner of the Company's unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180 days immediately preceding the filing
of the Registration Statement is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined
in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

3.18No
Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual
in nature and that none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity,
or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

3.19Restriction
on Continuous Offerings. Notwithstanding the restrictions contained in Section 3.20, the Company, on behalf of itself and any
successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Representative, it will not, for a period of six (6) months
after the date of this Agreement, directly or indirectly in any at-the-market (including pursuant to the Equity Distribution
Agreement dated as of December 11, 2024 by and between the Company and Oppenheimer & Co., Inc., as sales agent or continuous
equity transaction, offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of capital stock of
the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company.

3.20Company
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the
Representative, it will not for a period of sixty (60) days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up Period),
(i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant
any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock
of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (ii) file
or cause to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital stock of the Company
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company (other than a registration
statement on Form S-8); or (iii) complete any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of
credit with a traditional bank or (iv) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any
of the economic consequences of ownership of capital stock of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii),
(iii) or (iv) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash
or otherwise.

The restrictions contained in
this Section 3.20 shall not apply to (i) the shares of Common Stock to be sold hereunder, (ii) the issuance by the Company
of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of a security outstanding on the date hereof,
which is disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus, provided that such options, warrants, and securities
have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities or to extend the term of such securities, (iii) the issuance by the Company of stock
options, shares of capital stock of the Company or other awards under any equity compensation plan of the Company, provided that in each
of (ii) and (iii) above, the underlying shares shall be restricted from sale during the entire Lock-Up Period.

- 24 - 

3.21Release
of D&O Lock-up Period. If the Representative, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions set forth in
the Lock-Up Agreements described in Section 2.27 hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provide the Company with notice
of the impending release or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the Company
agrees to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto through
a major news service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

3.22Blue
Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, if necessary, to qualify the Securities
for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Representative
may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of the Securities; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation
or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing
business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.23Reporting
Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by
Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission
pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally, the Company
shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Securities as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities Act Regulations.

3.24Press
Releases. Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall not issue any press release or other communication directly or indirectly or
hold any press conference with respect to the Company, its condition, financial or otherwise, or earnings, business affairs or business
prospects (except for routine oral marketing communications in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the past practices
of the Company and of which the Representative is notified), without the prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld, unless in the judgment of the Company and its counsel, and after notification to the Representative, such
press release or communication is required by law.

3.25Sarbanes-Oxley.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company shall at all times comply in
all material respects with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in effect from time to time.

3.26Emerging
Growth Company Status. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company
at any time prior to the later of (i) completion of the distribution of the Securities within the meaning of the Securities Act and
(ii) fifteen (15) days following the completion of the Lock-Up Period.

3.27Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has irrevocably reserved, and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available
at all times, free of pre-emptive rights, a sufficient number of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Underlying
Shares.

- 25 - 

4.Conditions
of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Securities, as provided herein,
shall be subject to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as
of the Closing Date; (ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the
performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following conditions:

4.1Regulatory
Matters.

4.1.1Commission
Actions; Required Filings. At the Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto has been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or
the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.
A prospectus containing the Rule 430B Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner and within the time frame
required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act Regulations (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective amendment
providing such information shall have been filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements of
Rule 430B under the Securities Act Regulations.

4.1.2FINRA
Clearance. FINRA shall have raised no objection as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described
in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3ExchangeStock
Market Clearance. The Company shall have filed a Subsequent Listing Application with the Exchange immediately after pricing of the
Offering and the Exchange shall have approved such Subsequent Listing Application covering the Common Stock and the Underlying Shares
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

4.2Company
Counsel Matters.

4.2.1Closing
Date Opinion of Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion of Loeb & Loeb
LLP, counsel to the Company, and a written statement providing certain 10b-5 negative assurances, dated the Closing Date
and addressed to the Representative, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

4.2.2Opinion
of Special Intellectual Property Counsel for the Company. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the opinions
of Duane Morris LLP and Davidson Kappel LLC, as special intellectual property counsels for the Company, and a written statement providing
certain 10b-5 negative assurances, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Representative, in the form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

4.2.3Reserved.

4.2.4Reserved.

- 26 - 

4.2.5Reliance.
In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the
United States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent specified in such
opinion, if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) of other counsel
reasonably acceptable to the Representative, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact, to the extent they
deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions
having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company; provided that copies of any such
statements or certificates shall be delivered to Representative Counsel if requested. The opinions listed in Sections 4.2.1, and4.2.2,
and any opinion relied upon by any such counsel, shall include a statement to the effect that it may be relied upon by Representative
Counsel in its opinion delivered to the Underwriters.

4.3Comfort
Letters.

4.3.1Cold
Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed you shall have received a cold comfort letter from the Auditor containing statements
and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements and certain
financial information contained or incorporated by reference or deemed incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, addressed to the Representative and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to you and to the Auditor,dated
as of the date of this Agreement.

4.3.2Bring-down
Comfort Letter. At the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received from the Auditor a letter, dated as of the Closing Date,
to the effect that the Auditor reaffirms the statements made in its letter furnished pursuant to Section 4.3.1, except that the specified
date referred to shall be a date not more than three (3) business days prior to the Closing Date.

4.4Officers
Certificates.

4.4.1Officers
Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate, dated the Closing Date, of its Chief Executive
Officer and its Chief Financial Officer stating that (i) such officers have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto,
as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and the Disclosure Package,
as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as of the Closing Date, and
the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of the respective date thereof and as of the Closing Date, did not include
any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the effective date of the Registration Statement,
no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus, (iii) to the best of their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date, the representations
and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (except for those representations and warranties
qualified as to materiality which shall be true and correct in all respects and except for those representations and warranties which
may refer to facts existing at a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such date) and the Company has complied with all
agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date, and (iv) there
has not been, subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure
Package, any material adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, or any change or development that,
singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the
condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company, except as set forth in the Prospectus.

- 27 - 

4.4.2Secretarys
Certificate. At the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary of the
Company, dated the Closing Date, certifying: (i) that each of the Charterand Bylawsis true and complete,
has not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating
to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence
between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents
referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.4.3Chief
Financial Officers Certificate. At the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date, with respect to the accuracy of certain information contained in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

4.5No
Material Changes. Prior to and on the Closing Date: (i) there shall have been no Material Adverse Change or development involving
a prospective Material Adverse Change from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and
no change in the capital stock or debt of the Company, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (ii) no action, suit or proceeding,
at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal or state
commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would result in a Material Adverse
Change, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have
been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; (iv) no
action shall have been taken and no law, statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any Governmental
Entity which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially materially and adversely
affect the business or operations of the Company; (v) no injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal
or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially
and adversely affect or potentially materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company and (vi) the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which
are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in all material
respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package, nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

4.6Corporate
Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form and validity of each of this Agreement,
the Securities, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to counsel for the Underwriters,
and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that they may reasonably request to enable them to
pass upon such matters.

4.7Delivery
of Agreements.

4.7.1Lock-Up
Agreements. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the
Lock-Up Agreements from each of the persons listed in Schedule 3 hereto.

- 28 - 

4.7.2.Warrants.
On the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative book-entry certificates of the Warrants, or the Warrants in
physical form if requested by the Representative.

4.8Additional
Documents. At the Closing Date, Representative Counsel shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require
for the purpose of enabling Representative Counsel to deliver an opinion to the Underwriters, or in order to evidence the accuracy of
any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by
the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance
to the Representative and Representative Counsel.

5.Indemnification.

5.1Indemnification
of the Underwriters.

5.1.1General.
Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and each
of its and their respective directors, officers, members, employees, representatives, partners, stockholders, affiliates, counsel and
agents and each person, if any, who controls any such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20
of the Exchange Act (collectively the Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and each an Underwriter Indemnified
Party), against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all
legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened,
or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company or between
any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries (a Claim),(i) arising
out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (A) the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (B) any materials or information provided to investors
by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road show or investor
presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); (C) any application or other document or written
communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written
information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed
with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national securities exchange; or the omission
or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity
with, the Underwriters Information, or (ii) otherwise arising in connection with or allegedly in connection with the Offering.
The Company also agrees that it will reimburse each Underwriter Indemnified Party for all fees and expenses (including but not limited
to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced
or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company
or between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) (collectively, the Expenses), and
further agrees wherever and whenever possible to advance payment of Expenses as they are incurred by an Underwriter Indemnified Party
in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any Claim.

- 29 - 

5.1.2Procedure.
If any action is brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant
to Section 5.1.1, such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action
and the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the approval of such
Underwriter Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses if an Underwriter Indemnified Party requests that the Company do so. Such
Underwriter Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such
counsel shall be at the expense of the Company, and shall be advanced by the Company. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement
of any action effected without its consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without the
prior written consent of the Underwriters (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle, compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Underwriter Indemnified Party is a party thereto) unless such settlement,
compromise, consent or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of each Underwriter Indemnified Party, acceptable to such
Underwriter Indemnified Party, from all liabilities, expenses and claims arising out of such action for which indemnification or contribution
may be sought and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf
of any Underwriter Indemnified Party.

5.2Indemnification
of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its
officers who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity
from the Company to the several Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions made in the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application,
in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, the Underwriters Information. In case any action shall be brought against the
Company or any other person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or
Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application, and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter,
such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each other person so indemnified shall have
the rights and duties given to the several Underwriters by the provisions of Section 5.1.2. The Company agrees promptly to notify
the Representative of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or any person,
if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, in
connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the
Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication.

- 30 - 

5.3Contribution.

5.3.1Contribution
Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient to hold
harmless an indemnified party under Section 5.1 or 5.2 in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect
thereof, referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount
paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in
such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters,
on the other, from the Offering of the Securities, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by
applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but
also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to the statements or omissions
that resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to such Offering shall
be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering of the Securities purchased under this Agreement (before
deducting expenses) received by the Company, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the one hand, and
the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters with respect to the shares of the Common Stock purchased
under this Agreement, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the other hand. The relative fault shall
be determined by reference to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state
a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it
would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.3.1 were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even
if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account
the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage
or liability, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this
Section 5.3.1, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending
any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 in no event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute
any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect
to the Offering of the Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason
of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation.

5.3.2Contribution
Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the commencement
of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party
(contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the contributing
party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder. In case any such
action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or its representative of the commencement
thereof within the aforesaid 15 days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate therein with the notifying party and any
other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution on account
of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim,
action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent of such contributing party. The contribution
provisions contained in this Section 5.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution under
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available. Each Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 5.3
are several and not joint.

6.Default
by an Underwriter.

6.1Default
Not Exceeding 10% of Securities. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the Securities,
and if the number of the Securities with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Securities
that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Securities to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

- 31 - 

6.2Default
Exceeding 10% of Firm Shares or Option Shares. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 relates to more than 10%
of the Firm Shares or Option Shares, you may in your discretion arrange for yourself or for another party or parties to purchase such
Firm Shares or Option Shares to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If, within one (1) Business Day after
such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Shares or Option Shares, you do not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Shares or
Option Shares, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party
or parties satisfactory to you to purchase said Securities on such terms. In the event that neither you nor the Company arrange for the
purchase of the Securities to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement will automatically be terminated
by you or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.9 and 5 hereof) or the several Underwriters
(except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided, however, that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter
of its liability, if any, to the other Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3Postponement
of Closing Date. In the event that the Securities to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters,
or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, you or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date
for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby
be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or in any other documents and arrangements,
and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that in
the opinion of counsel for the Underwriter may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter as used in this Agreement
shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party to this Agreement
with respect to such shares of Common Stock.

7.Additional
Covenants.

7.1Board
Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as members
of the Board of Directors and the overall composition of the Board comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, with the Exchange Act and with
the listing rules of the Exchange or any other national securities exchange, as the case may be, in the event the Company seeks
to have Securities listed on another exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system, and (ii) if applicable, at least one member
of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined
under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.

7.2Prohibition
on Press Releases and Public Announcements. The Company shall not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without
the Representatives prior written consent, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business
Day following the forty-fifth (45th) day after the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued in the ordinary
course of the Companys business.

8.Effective
Date of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1Effective
Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Representative have executed the same and delivered counterparts
of such signatures to the other party.

- 32 - 

8.2Termination.
The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or
international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in your opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt,
general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for
prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction;
or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities; or (iv) if a banking
moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been
declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a
material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not
such loss shall have been insured, will, in your opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Securities; or (vii) if
the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) if the Representative
shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a Material Adverse Change or such adverse material change in general market conditions
as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Securities
or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Securities.

8.3Expenses.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters, pursuant to Section 6.2
above, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions
thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Underwriters their actual and accountable out-of-pocket
expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable (including the fees and disbursements of Representative
Counsel) up to $75,000 (inclusive of the Advance), and upon demand the Company shall pay the full amount thereof to the Representative
on behalf of the Underwriters; provided, however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution
provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any advance received by the Representative will be reimbursed to the Company
to the extent not actually incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A).

8.4Survival
of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination
of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain in full
force and effect and shall not be in any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement
or any part hereof.

8.5Representations,
Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates
of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any
investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any Underwriter, its
officers or directors or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Securities.

9.Miscellaneous.

9.1Notices.
All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed (registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by electronic mail transmission and confirmed and shall be deemed
given when so delivered and confirmed or if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

- 33 - 

If to the Representative:

ThinkEquity
LLC

17 State Street, 41st Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attention: Head of Investment Banking

e-mail: Notices@think-equity.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Venable LLP 

151 West 42nd Street, 49th Floor 

New York, New York 10036 

Attention:
William N. Haddad 

Email:
wnhaddad@venable.com

If to the Company:

Annovis Bio, Inc. 

101 Lindenwood Drive, Suite 225 

Malvern, PA 19355 

Attention: Maria Maccecchini, CEO 

Email:
maccecchini@annovisbio.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP 

345 Park Avenue 

New York, NY 10154 

Attention: Mitchell Nussbaum 

Email:
mnussbaum@loeb.com

9.2Research
Analyst Independence. The Company acknowledges that each Underwriters research analysts and research departments are required
to be independent from its investment banking division and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and that such Underwriters
research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the
Company and/or the Offering that differ from the views of their investment banking division. The Company acknowledges that each Underwriter
is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, rules and regulations, may
effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in debt or equity securities
of the Company; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 9.2 shall relieve the Underwriter of any responsibility
or liability it may otherwise bear in connection with activities in violation of applicable securities laws, rules or regulations.

9.3Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

- 34 - 

9.4Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.5Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, it is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all other terms and conditions of that
certain engagement letter between the Company and the Representative dated January 10, 2025, shall remain in full force and effect.

9.6Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Company
and the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives,
heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect
of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include
a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

9.7Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that any action,
proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the New York
Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits
to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in
Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action,
proceeding or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other
party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection
with the preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders
and affiliates) and each of the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all
right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.8Execution
in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall
become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties
hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient
delivery thereof.

9.9Waiver, etc.
The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed
to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of
any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or
non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the
party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment
shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

- 35 - 

[Signature Page Follows]

- 36 - 

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose,
whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

ANNOVIS BIO, INC.

By: /s/ Maria Maccecchini

Name: Maria Maccecchini

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Confirmed as of the date first written above mentioned, on behalf
of itself and as Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto:

THINKEQUITY LLC

By: /s/Kevin Mangan 

Name: Kevin Mangan 

Title: Managing Director, Head of Equity Syndicate 

SCHEDULE
1

Underwriter Total

Number of

Firm

Units to be

Purchased

ThinkEquity LLC 5,250,000

TOTAL 5,250,000

Sch. 1-1

SCHEDULE 2-A

Pricing Information

Number of
Units: 5,250,000

Public Offering
Price per Unit: $4.00

Underwriting
Discount per Unit: $0.24

Proceeds
to Company per Unit (before expenses): $3.76

SCHEDULE 2-B

Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectuses

None.

SCHEDULE 2-C

Written Testing-the-Waters Communications

None.

Sc. 2-1

SCHEDULE 3

List of Lock-Up Parties

Maria
L. Maccecchini, Founder, President, CEO and Director

William
V. Fricker, Interim CFO

Michael
B. Hoffman, Chairman of the Board

Claudine
E. Bruck, Director

Reid
S. McCarthy, Director

Mark
White, Director

Sc. 3-1

EXHIBITA

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT

ANNOVIS BIO, INC.

Warrant Shares: _______

Issue Date: February 4, 2025

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON SHARES (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after February 4, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and prior to at 5:00 p.m. (New
York time) on the date that is five (5) years following the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but
not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Annovis Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to ______ Common Shares (as defined below) of the Company (the Warrant Shares), as subject to adjustment hereunder.
The purchase price of one Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). The
Warrant shall initially be issued and maintained in the form of a security held in book entry form at the offices of the Warrant Agent
(as defined below), subject to a Holders right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of the
Warrant Agency Agreement (as defined below), in which case this sentence shall not apply.

Section 1.
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Shares means the shares of common stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into
which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Ex. A- 1 

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which The New York Stock Exchange is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the
date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New
York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price by total trading volume of the Common Shares for such date (or
the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX
is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price by total trading volume of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB
or OTCQX and if prices for Common Shares are then reported in the Pink Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc.
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Common Share so
reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Shares as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrant
Agency Agreement means the Warrant Agency Agreement dated February 4, 2025 by and between the Company and Equiniti Trust
Company, LLC, as warrant agent.

Warrant
Agent means Equinity Trust Company, LLC

Warrants
means this Warrant issued by the Company on the Issue Date.

Ex. A- 2 

Section 2.
Exercise.

a)Exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise
Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate
by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed
facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within one (1) Trading Day following the
date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise Form be required. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder
has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is
delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal
to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within one
(1) Business Days of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing in this Section 2(a), a holder whose interest in this Warrant is a beneficial interest in certificate(s) representing
this Warrant held in book-entry form through the Warrant Agent, shall effect exercises made pursuant to this Section 2(a) by
delivering to Warrant Agent the appropriate instruction form for exercise and, complying with the procedures to effect exercise that
are required by the Warrant Agent, subject to a Holders right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the
terms of the Warrant Agency Agreement, in which case this sentence shall not apply.

b)Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Common Share under this Warrant shall be $5.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c)Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in
part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening
of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities
laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the highest Bid Price of the Common Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. (Bloomberg) within two (2) hours of the time of the Holders delivery of the Notice of Exercise
if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours or within two (2) hours after the close of regular
trading hours on a Trading Day pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof at least two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on such
Trading Day;

Ex. A- 3 

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless
exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d)Mechanics
of Exercise.

i.Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by its transfer
agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with the Depository Trust
Company or its nominee, (DTC) through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the
Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise,
and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate or held electronically through the Companys transfer agent, registered in
the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is
entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is one (1) Trading
Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). If
the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer agent shall have received from the Company, at the expense of the Company,
any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to deliver such Warrant Shares without legend (subject to receipt by the Company
of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder with respect to affiliate status) and, if applicable and requested by the Company
prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Company hereby covenants and agrees with the Holder to cause its counsel to deliver such
legal opinion to its transfer agent prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued,
and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for
all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, provided that payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless
exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) is made prior
to the issuance of such shares. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of Regulation SHO, the Holder
shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares set forth in the Notice of Exercise upon delivery of such Notice
of Exercise to the Company (or as otherwise directed by the Company), or, upon exercise by a beneficial owner of Warrants held in book
entry form by delivery to such beneficial owners DTC participant of irrevocable instructions to exercise such Warrants. If the
Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Trading Day following
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000
of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Shares on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each
Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

Ex. A- 4 

ii.Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date (for avoidance of doubt, other than any such failure that is due solely to any action or inaction by
the Holder), then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the Holder shall be
required to return any Warrant Shares or Common Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to
Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders right to acquire
such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

Ex. A- 5 

iv.Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise)
or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant
Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay
in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions,
if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares
that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the
sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion
of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be
deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with
its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Shares having a total purchase price of
$11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase
obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

Ex. A- 6 

vi.Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company
may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to DTC (or another established
clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii.Signature.
This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder in order to
exercise this Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise this Warrant. No additional
legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this Warrant. The Company shall honor exercises
of this Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Warrant in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth
herein.

Ex. A- 7 

e)Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of Common Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Common
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of
Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned
by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Share Equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged
by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation
is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to
be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice
of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities
owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each
case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the
Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of Common
Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing
to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of Common
Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice
is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict
conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or
inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Ex. A- 8 

Section 3.
Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Share Splits. If
the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity
or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt,
shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant),
(ii) subdivides outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines
(including by way of consolidation or reverse share split)
outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Shares any shares of capital
stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number
of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be
the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made
pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders
entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event
that the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice,
or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Shares
or Common Share Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect.

b) Reserved.

c) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition
to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Share Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Shares (the Purchase
Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable
to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this
Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation,
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken
for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken,
the date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the grant,
issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in
such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares as a result
of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro Rata Distributions. During such
time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares,
by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution
of shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would
have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon
complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record
is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined
for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in
any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled
to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any Common Shares as a result of such Distribution
to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever,
as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has
not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

Ex. A- 9 

e) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any
time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with
or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of
all or substantially all of the Companys assets in one or a series of related transactions,
(iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares
are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property
and has been accepted by the holders of (A) greater than 50% of the voting power of
the outstanding common and preferred shares of the Company or (B) greater than 50% of
the outstanding Common Shares of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares
are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than a stock split), or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination
(including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme
of arrangement (other than a stock split)) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires (A) greater than 50% of the voting power of the
outstanding common and preferred shares of the Company or (B) greater than 50% of the
outstanding Common Shares of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive,
for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard
to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of Common Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the
surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of Common
Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately
adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company
shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner
reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Shares are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder
by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of
this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction
is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled
to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black
Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Shares of the Company
in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof,
or whether the holders of Common Shares are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with
the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Shares of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration
in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Shares will be deemed to have received shares of the Successor Entity (which
Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg
determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free
interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the
applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100%
and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the
Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying
price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any
non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between
the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, and (E) a zero cost of borrow.
The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five (5) Trading Days
of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction). The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing
all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the
Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder
in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance
to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity)
equivalent to the Common Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise
of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such
shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and
the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to
the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each
of the Company and the Successor Entity, or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities,
jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto, and the Successor Entity or
Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the
Company herein.

Ex. A- 10 

f) Calculations. All calculations under
this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share,
as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed
to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of Common
Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice to Holder.

i.Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company instruct
the Warrant Agent to shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment The Warrant Agent
shall have no duty, responsibility or obligation to determine the correctness of any provisions contained in such notice, including but
not limited to any provisions relating either to the kind or amount of securities or other property receivable upon exercise of warrants
or with respect to the method employed and provided therein for any adjustments, and shall be entitled to rely conclusively for all purposes
upon the provisions contained in any such agreement. 

Ex. A- 11 

ii.Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of the Company of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall
be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Shares, any consolidation, merger, amalgamation or arrangement to which
the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange
whereby the Common Shares are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
mailed a notice to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for
the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the
holders of the Common Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined
or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange
is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares of record shall be
entitled to exchange their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, amalgamation, arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect therein
shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided
hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall
simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to
exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4.
Transfer of Warrant.

a)Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of
this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay
any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company
assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase
of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

Ex. A- 12 

b)New
Warrants. If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC , this Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon
presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in
which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as
to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or
exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of
Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)Warrant
Register. The Warrant Agent (or if this Warrant is not held in book entry form, the Company) shall register this Warrant, upon records
to be maintained by the Warrant Agent (or if this Warrant is not held in book entry form, the Company) for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5.
Miscellaneous.

a)No
Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.

b)Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of
loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c)Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

Ex. A- 13 

d)Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of
issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable
action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law
or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all
Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than
taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to
the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its
notice of articles or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of
this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions
as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable
therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate
in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant
and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the underwriting agreement, dated February 3, 2025, by and between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC (the Underwriting
Agreement), as if the Holder were a party thereto, despite the fact the Holder may not be a party thereto.

f)Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, or otherwise able to be
resold or transferred without restriction pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

Ex. A- 14 

g)Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Underwriting Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any
Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 101 Lindenwood Drive, Suite 225, Malvern, PA 19355, Attention: Maria Maccecchini,
President and CEO, maccecchini@annovisbio.com or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by
notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in
writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, email or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each
Holder at the facsimile number, email address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication
or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing,
if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iii) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given.

i)Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j)Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

Ex. A- 15 

k)Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m)Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n)No
Expense Reimbursement. The Holder shall in no way be required the pay, or to reimburse the Company for, any fees or expenses of the
Companys transfer agent in connection with the issuance or holding or sale of the Common Shares, Warrants and/or Warrant Shares.
The Company shall solely be responsible for any and all such fees and expenses.

o)Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

p)Warrant
Agency Agreement. If this Warrant is held in book entry form through the Warrant Agent, this Warrant is issued subject to the Warrant
Agency Agreement. To the extent any provision of this Warrant conflicts with the express provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement,
the provisions of this Warrant shall govern and be controlling.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

Ex. A- 16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ANNOVIS
BIO, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. A- 17 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO:ANNOVIS
BIO, INC.

_________________________

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full),
and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take
the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in
subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless
exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please register and
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the
following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: _______________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________

Ex. A- 18 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____]
all of or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________
whose address is

_______________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________,
_______

Holders Signature: ___________________________

Holders Address: ____________________________

_____________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the
foregoing Warrant.

Ex. A- 19 

EXHIBIT B

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

February 3, 2025

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 41st Fl 

New York, NY 10004

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands
that ThinkEquity LLC (the Representative) proposes to enter into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) with Annovis Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), providing for the public
offering (the Public Offering) of units of the Company (the Units), each Unit consisting of
one share of common stock, with value $0.0001 per share (each, a Share) and one warrant (each, a Warrant)
to purchase one Share at an exercise price of $5.00 for a period of five (5) years, subject to adjustment as provided in the form
of Warrant.

To induce the Representative
to continue its efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent
of the Representative, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending 30 days after the date of
the final prospectus (the Prospectus) relating to the Public Offering (the Lock-Up Period),
(1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Shares
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Shares, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned
or with respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up Securities);
(2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of
ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by
delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise; (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration
of any Lock-Up Securities; or (4) publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into
any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the
conditions below, the undersigned may transfer Lock-Up Securities without the prior written consent of the Representative in connection
with (a) transactions relating to Lock-Up Securities acquired in open market transactions after the completion of the Public Offering;
provided that no filing under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), shall be required or shall be voluntarily made in connection with subsequent sales of Lock-Up Securities acquired in
such open market transactions; (b) transfers of Lock-Up Securities as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy or to a family
member or trust for the benefit of a family member (for purposes of this lock-up agreement, family member means any relationship
by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin); (c) transfers of Lock-Up Securities to a charity or educational
institution; or (d) if the undersigned, directly or indirectly, controls a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or
other business entity, any transfers of Lock-Up Securities to any shareholder, partner or member of, or owner of similar equity interests
in, the undersigned, as the case may be; provided that in the case of any transfer pursuant to the foregoing clauses (b),
(c) or (d), (i) any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value and, (ii) each transferee shall sign and deliver
to the Representative a lock-up agreement substantially in the form of this lock-up agreement and (iii) no filing under Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act shall be required or shall be voluntarily made; (e) the receipt by the undersigned from the Company of Shares upon
the exercise of options to purchase Shares issued under an equity incentive plan of the Company or an employment arrangement described
in the Prospectus and the transfer of Shares or any securities convertible into Shares to the Company upon the exercise of options to
purchase Shares, in each case on a cashless or net exercise
basis or to cover tax obligations of the undersigned in connection with such exercise; (f) the establishment of a trading plan pursuant
to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities, provided that (i) such plan
does not provide for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities during the Lock-Up Period and (ii) to the extent a public announcement or
filing under the Exchange Act, if any, is required of or voluntarily made by or on behalf of the undersigned or the Company regarding
the establishment of such plan, such public announcement or filing shall include a statement to the effect that no transfer of Lock-Up
Securities may be made under such plan during the Lock-Up Period; (g) the transfer of Lock-Up Securities that occurs by operation
of law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a divorce settlement, provided that the
transferee agrees to sign and deliver a lock-up agreement substantially in the form of this lock-up agreement for the balance of the
Lock-Up Period, and provided further, that any filing under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
that is required to be made during the Lock-Up Period as a result of such transfer shall include a statement that such transfer has occurred
by operation of law; and (h) the transfer of Lock-Up Securities pursuant to a bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation
or other similar transaction made to all holders of the Shares involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company after
the closing of the Public Offering and approved by the Companys board of directors; provided that in the event
that the tender offer, merger, consolidation or other such transaction is not completed, the Lock-Up Securities owned by the undersigned
shall remain subject to the restrictions contained in this lock-up agreement. For purposes of clause (h) above, change of
control shall mean the consummation of any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other similar
transaction the result of which is that any person (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group
of persons, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of a majority of total voting
power of the voting stock of the Company. The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions
with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance
with this lock-up agreement.

Ex. B-1

The undersigned agrees that,
prior to engaging in any transaction or taking any other action that is subject to the terms of this lock-up agreement during the period
from the date hereof to and including the 34th day following the expiration of the initial Lock-Up Period, the undersigned
will give notice thereof to the Company and will not consummate any such transaction or take any such action unless it has received written
confirmation from the Company that the Lock-Up Period (as may have been extended pursuant to the previous paragraph) has expired.

If the undersigned is an
officer or director of the Company, (i) the undersigned agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to any
issuer-directed or friends and family Shares that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering; (ii) the Representative
agrees that, at least three (3) business days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in
connection with a transfer of Lock-Up Securities, the Representative will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver; and
(iii) the Company has agreed in the Underwriting Agreement to announce the impending release or waiver by press release through
a major news service at least two (2) business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted
by the Representative hereunder to any such officer or director shall only be effective two (2) business days after the publication
date of such press release. The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit
a transfer of Lock-Up Securities not for consideration and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms
described in this lock-up agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such transfer.

Ex. B-2

No provision in this agreement
shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the exercise, exchange or conversion by the undersigned of any securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into Shares, as applicable; provided that the undersigned does not transfer the Shares acquired on such exercise,
exchange or conversion during the Lock-Up Period, unless otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of this lock-up agreement. In addition,
no provision herein shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the entry into or modification of a so-called 10b5-1 plan at
any time (other than the entry into or modification of such a plan in such a manner as to cause the sale of any Lock-Up Securities within
the Lock-Up Period).

The undersigned understands
that the Company and the Representative are relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding toward consummation of the Public Offering.
The undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs,
legal representatives, successors and assigns.

The undersigned understands
that, if the Underwriting Agreement is not executed by February 3, 2025, or if the Underwriting Agreement (other than the provisions
thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Shares to be sold thereunder,
then this lock-up agreement shall be void and of no further force or effect.

Whether or not the Public
Offering actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Public Offering will only be made pursuant
to an Underwriting Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Representative.

Very truly yours,

(Name - Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory, in the case of
entities - Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the case of
entities - Please Print)

Address: 

Ex. B-3

EXHIBIT C

Form of Press Release

ANNOVIS BIO, INC.

[Date]

Annovis Bio, Inc. (the Company)
announced today that ThinkEquity LLC, acting as representative for the underwriters in the Companys recent public offering of
_______ shares of the Companys common stock, is [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to _________ shares of
the Companys common stock held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver] [release]
will take effect on _________, 20___, and the shares may be sold on or after such date.

This press release is not an offer or sale
of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is prohibited, and such securities may not
be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Ex. C-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ANNOVIS BIO, INC.

Warrant Shares:

Issue Date: February 4, 2025

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
SHARES (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _________________. or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
February 4, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and prior to at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date that
is five (5) years following the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe
for and purchase from Annovis Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to _____________ Common Shares
(as defined below) of the Company (the Warrant Shares), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of
one Common Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). The Warrant shall initially
be issued and maintained in the form of a security held in book entry form at the offices of the Warrant Agent (as defined below) , subject
to a Holders right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agency Agreement (as
defined below), in which case this sentence shall not apply

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Shares means the shares of common stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into
which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which The New York Stock Exchange is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price by total trading volume of the Common Shares for such date (or
the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a
Trading Market, the volume weighted average price by total trading volume of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX
and if prices for Common Shares are then reported in the Pink Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Common Share so reported, or (d) in
all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Shares as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrant
Agency Agreement means the Warrant Agency Agreement dated February 4, 2025 by and between the Company and Equiniti Trust
Company, LLC, as warrant agent.

Warrant
Agent means Equinity Trust Company, LLC

Warrants
means this Warrant issued by the Company on the Issue Date.

Section 2. Exercise.

a)Exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise
Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate
by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile
copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of
exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise
by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below
is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise Form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant
Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises
of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of
lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares
purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases.
The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within one (1) Business Days of receipt of such notice.
The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph,
following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at
any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

Notwithstanding the foregoing in this
Section 2(a), a holder whose interest in this Warrant is a beneficial interest in certificate(s) representing this Warrant held
in book-entry form through the Warrant Agent, shall effect exercises made pursuant to this Section 2(a) by delivering to the
Warrant Agent the appropriate instruction form for exercise and complying with the procedures to effect exercise that are required by
the Warrant Agent subject to a Holders right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of the Warrant
Agency Agreement, in which case this sentence shall not apply.

b)Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Common Share under this Warrant shall be $5.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c)Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in
part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening
of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities
laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the highest Bid Price of the Common Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. (Bloomberg) within two (2) hours of the time of the Holders delivery of the Notice of Exercise
if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours or within two (2) hours after the close of regular
trading hours on a Trading Day pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof at least two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on such
Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless
exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d)Mechanics
of Exercise.

i.Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by its transfer
agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with the Depository Trust Company
or its nominee, (DTC) through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is
then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant
Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise
by physical delivery of a certificate or held electronically through the Companys transfer agent, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is one (1) Trading Days after the
delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). If the Warrant Shares
can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer agent shall have received from the Company, at the expense of the Company, any legal opinions
or other documentation required by it to deliver such Warrant Shares without legend (subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back
up documentation from the Holder with respect to affiliate status) and, if applicable and requested by the Company prior to the Warrant
Share Delivery Date. The Company hereby covenants and agrees with the Holder to cause its counsel to deliver such legal opinion to its
transfer agent prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other
person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the
date the Warrant has been exercised, provided that payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted)
and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) is made prior to the issuance of such
shares. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of Regulation SHO, the Holder shall be deemed to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares set forth in the Notice of Exercise upon delivery of such Notice of Exercise to the
Company (or as otherwise directed by the Company), or, upon exercise by a beneficial owner of Warrants held in book entry form by delivery
to such beneficial owners DTC participant of irrevocable instructions to exercise such Warrants. If the Company fails for any reason
to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to
such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Shares on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant
Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer
agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

ii.Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii.Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date (for avoidance of doubt, other than any such failure that is due solely to any action or inaction by the
Holder), then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the Holder shall be required
to return any Warrant Shares or Common Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to Holder of
the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders right to acquire such Warrant
Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

iv.Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise)
or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant
Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay
in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions,
if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that
the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell
order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of
the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise
and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Shares having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover
a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of
$10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder
shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the
Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as
a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all
transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to DTC (or another established clearing corporation
performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii.Signature.
This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder in order to
exercise this Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise this Warrant. No additional
legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this Warrant. The Company shall honor exercises
of this Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Warrant in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth herein.

e)Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of Common Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Common
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of
Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned
by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Share Equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged
by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that
the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a
Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual
report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Common
Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99%
(or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase
or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares
upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase
in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions
of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to
correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation
herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Share Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent
securities payable in Common Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of consolidation or reverse share split) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification
of Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged.
Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination
of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the
case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price of this Warrant will not
be adjusted in the event that the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sell or
grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition)
any Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect.

b) Reserved.

c) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above,
if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Share Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or
other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder
will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have
acquired if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of Common Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares
as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until
such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare
or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options by way of
a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon
complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial
ownership of any Common Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in
abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution,
such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

e) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person,
(ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance
or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any,
direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to
which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been
accepted by the holders of (A) greater than 50% of the voting power of the outstanding common and preferred shares of the Company
or (B) greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than a stock split), or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger
or scheme of arrangement (other than a stock split)) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires
(A) greater than 50% of the voting power of the outstanding common and preferred shares of the Company or (B) greater than 50%
of the outstanding Common Shares of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise
of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on
the exercise of this Warrant), the number of Common Shares of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving
corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction by a holder of the number of Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the
Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor
Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the
consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction),
purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of
the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however,
that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of
Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and
in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the
holders of Common Shares of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash,
stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Shares are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms
of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Shares of the Company are
not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Shares will be deemed to have received shares
of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction.
Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting
(A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public
announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to
the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization
factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the
underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value
of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option time equal to the time
between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, and (E) a zero cost
of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five (5) Trading
Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction). The Company shall cause any
successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume
in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved
by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the
Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form
and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or
its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder
to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead
to each of the Company and the Successor Entity, or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto, and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company
herein.

f) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the
nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and
outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice to Holder.

i.Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company instruct
the Warrant Agent to shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment The Warrant Agent
shall have no duty, responsibility or obligation to determine the correctness of any provisions contained in such notice, including but
not limited to any provisions relating either to the kind or amount of securities or other property receivable upon exercise of warrants
or with respect to the method employed and provided therein for any adjustments, and shall be entitled to rely conclusively for all purposes
upon the provisions contained in any such agreement.

ii.Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of the Company of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required
in connection with any reclassification of the Common Shares, any consolidation, merger, amalgamation or arrangement to which the Company
is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the
Common Shares are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed a notice
to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the
applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose
of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of
the Common Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the
date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to
become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange
their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation,
arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect therein shall not affect
the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file
such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise
be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this
Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any
transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company
assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase
of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)New
Warrants. If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC , this Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon
presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which
new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any
transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange
for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall
be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares
issuable pursuant thereto.

c)Warrant
Register. The Warrant Agent (or if this Warrant is not held in book entryl form , the Company) shall register this Warrant, upon records
to be maintained by the Warrant Agent (or if this Warrant is not held in book entry form , the Company) for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a)No
Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.

b)Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of
loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c)Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d)Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its notice
of articles or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the underwriting agreement, dated February 3, 2025, by and between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC (the Underwriting
Agreement), as if the Holder were a party thereto, despite the fact the Holder may not be a party thereto.

f)Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, or otherwise able to be
resold or transferred without restriction pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant or the Underwriting Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs
and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at 101 Lindenwood Drive, Suite 225, Malvern, PA 19355, Attention: Maria Maccecchini, President
and CEO, maccecchini@annovisbio.com or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the
Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered
personally, by facsimile, email or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile
number, email address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing,
if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iii) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given.

i)Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j)Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m)Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n)No
Expense Reimbursement. The Holder shall in no way be required the pay, or to reimburse the Company for, any fees or expenses of the
Companys transfer agent in connection with the issuance or holding or sale of the Common Shares, Warrants and/or Warrant Shares.
The Company shall solely be responsible for any and all such fees and expenses.

o)Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

p)Warrant
Agency Agreement. If this Warrant is held in book entry form through the Warrant Agent, this Warrant is issued subject to the Warrant
Agency Agreement. To the extent any provision of this Warrant conflicts with the express provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement, the
provisions of this Warrant shall govern and be controlling.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ANNOVIS BIO, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO:ANNOVIS
BIO, INC.

_________________________

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take
the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in
subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless
exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please register and
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: _______________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all
of or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________
whose address is

_______________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________,
_______

Holders Signature: ___________________________

Holders Address: ____________________________

_____________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the
foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

WARRANT AGENCY AGREEMENT

WARRANT AGENCY AGREEMENT (this
Warrant Agreement) dated as of February 4, 2025 (the Issuance Date) between Annovis Bio., Inc.,
a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (the
Warrant Agent).

WHEREAS, pursuant to
the terms of that certain Underwriting Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 3, 2025, by and between
the Company and ThinkEquity, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters named therein, the Company is engaged in a public offering
(the Offering) of 5,250,000 common units (the Units), with each Common Unit consisting of (i) one
share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company and (ii) one common stock
purchase warrant, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $5.00 per share (the Warrants).

WHEREAS, the Company
has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Registration Statement on Form S-3,
as amended (File No. 333-276814) (as the same may be amended from time to time, the Registration Statement)
which was declared effective on February 12, 2024 for the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), of the Units, shares of Common Stock included in the Units, the Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of the Warrants (the Warrant Shares), including the base prospectus contained therein dated February 12,
2024 (the Base Prospectus), and a prospectus supplement with respect to the Offering dated February 3, 2025
(the Prospectus Supplement and collectively with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus).

WHEREAS, the Company
desires the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in accordance with the terms set
forth in this Warrant Agreement in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer, exchange and exercise of the Warrants.

WHEREAS, the Company
desires to provide for the provisions of the Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised, and the respective rights,
limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Warrant Agent and the holders of the Warrants; and

WHEREAS, all acts and
things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Warrants the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company,
and to authorize the execution and delivery of this Warrant Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.Appointment
of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company with respect to the Warrants, and
the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the express terms and conditions set
forth in this Warrant Agreement (and no implied terms or conditions).

2.Warrants.
The Warrants shall be registered in the names of such Holder or Holders and shall be evidenced by a the form of warrant certificate together
with the form of election to purchase Common Stock (the Notice of Exercise) and the form of assignment to be printed
on the reverse thereof in the form of Exhibit A (the Warrant Certificates) attached hereto.
Except as provided in the following sentence, the Warrants shall be evidenced in book-entry form and maintained in the book-entry system
of the Warrant Agent. In the event that the Warrants are not eligible to be held in book-entry form or in the event that a Holder notifies
the Company or the Warrant Agent that such Holder does not wish to hold its Warrants in book-entry form, the Company shall instruct the
Warrant Agent to deliver to such Holder or Holders a separate definitive certificate evidencing the Warrants registered in the name(s) of
such Holder or Holders..

2.1Issuance
and Registration of Warrants.

2.1.1Warrant
Register. The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (Warrant Register) for the registration of original issuance
and the registration of transfer of each of the Warrants.

2.1.2Issuance
of Definitive Warrant Certificates. . A Holder has the right to elect at any time or from time to time to receive a definitive paper
Warrant Certificate (a Definitive Certificate) pursuant to a Warrant Certificate Request Notice (as defined below). Upon
written notice by a Holder to the Warrant Agent and the Company for the exchange of some or all of such Holders Warrants held in
book entry form for a Definitive Certificate evidencing the same number of Warrants, which request shall be in the form attached hereto
as Annex A (such notice, the Warrant Certificate Request Notice and the date of delivery of such Warrant
Certificate Request Notice by the Holder, the Warrant Certificate Request Notice Date the Warrant Agent shall promptly
issue and deliver to the Holder a Definitive Certificate for such number of Warrants in the name set forth in the Warrant Certificate
Request Notice. Such Definitive Certificate shall be dated the original issue date of the Warrants and shall be manually executed by an
authorized signatory of the Company and shall be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. . The Company agrees to deliver
the Definitive Certificate to the Holder within two (2) Trading Days of the Warrant Certificate Request Notice pursuant to the delivery
instructions in the Warrant Certificate Request Notice (Warrant Certificate Delivery Date)., The Warrant Agent shall
not, in any event, be subject to, or responsible for, liquidated damages or any buy-in penalties contemplated in connection
with the Warrants. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon the date of delivery of the Warrant Certificate Request Notice, the Holder
shall be deemed to be the holder of the Definitive Certificate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Definitive
Certificate shall be deemed for all purposes to contain all of the terms and conditions of the Warrants evidenced by such Definitive Certificate
and the terms of this Warrant Agreement..

2.1.3Beneficial
Owner; Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Warrant, the Company and the Warrant Agent shall deem
and treat the person in whose name that Warrant shall be registered on the Warrant Register (the Holder) as the absolute
owner of such Warrant for purposes of any exercise thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent
shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.1.4Execution.
The Warrant Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by any authorized officer of the Company (an Authorized
Officer), which need not be the same authorized signatory for all of the Warrant Certificates, either manually or by facsimile
signature. The Warrant Certificates shall be countersigned by an authorized signatory of the Warrant Agent, which need not be the same
signatory for all of the Warrant Certificates, and no Warrant Certificate shall be valid for any purpose unless so countersigned. In case
any Authorized Officer of the Company that signed any of the Warrant Certificates ceases to be an Authorized Officer of the Company before
countersignature by the Warrant Agent and issuance and delivery by the Company, such Warrant Certificates, nevertheless, may be countersigned
by the Warrant Agent, issued and delivered with the same force and effect as though the person who signed such Warrant Certificates had
not ceased to be such officer of the Company; and any Warrant Certificate may be signed on behalf of the Company by any person who, at
the actual date of the execution of such Warrant Certificate, shall be an Authorized Officer of the Company authorized to sign such Warrant
Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Warrant Agreement any such person was not such an Authorized Officer.

2

2.1.5Registration
of Transfer. Subject to the provisions of the Warrants, at any time at or prior to the Termination Date (as defined below), a transfer
of any Warrants may be registered and any Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates may be split up, combined or exchanged for another
Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates evidencing the same number of Warrants as the Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates
surrendered. Any Holder desiring to register the transfer of Warrants or to split up, combine or exchange any Warrant Certificate shall
make such request in writing delivered to the Warrant Agent, and shall surrender to the Warrant Agent the Warrant Certificate or Warrant
Certificates evidencing the Warrants the transfer of which is to be registered or that is or are to be split up, combined or exchanged
and, in the case of registration of transfer, shall provide a signature guarantee. Thereupon, the Warrant Agent shall countersign and
deliver to the person entitled thereto a Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company
and the Warrant Agent may require payment, by the Holder requesting a registration of transfer of Warrants or a split-up, combination
or exchange of a Warrant Certificate (but, for purposes of clarity, not upon the exercise of the Warrants and issuance of Warrant Shares
to the Holder), of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with such registration of
transfer, split-up, combination or exchange, together with reimbursement to the Company and the Warrant Agent of all reasonable expenses
incidental thereto.

2.1.6Loss,
Theft and Mutilation of Warrant Certificates. Upon receipt by the Company and the Warrant Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to them of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of a Warrant Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity
or security in customary form and amount, and reimbursement to the Company and the Warrant Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental
thereto, and upon surrender to the Warrant Agent and cancellation of the Warrant Certificate if mutilated, the Warrant Agent shall, on
behalf of the Company, countersign and deliver a new Warrant Certificate of like tenor to the Holder in lieu of the Warrant Certificate
so lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated. The Warrant Agent may charge the Holder an administrative fee for processing the replacement
of lost Warrant Certificates, which shall be charged only once in instances where a single surety bond obtained covers multiple certificates.
The Warrant Agent may receive compensation from the surety companies or surety agents for administrative services provided to them.

2.1.7Proxies.
The Holder of a Warrant may grant proxies or otherwise authorize any person to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under
this Warrant Agreement or the Warrants.

3.Terms
and Exercise of Warrants.

3.1Exercise
Price. Each Warrant shall entitle the Holder, subject to the provisions of the applicable Warrant Certificate and of this Warrant
Agreement, to purchase from the Company the number of shares of Common Stock stated therein, at the exercise price provided in the applicable
Warrant Certificate, subject to the subsequent adjustments provided by Section 3 of the Warrant Certificates. The term Exercise
Price as used in this Warrant Agreement refers to the price per share at which shares of Common Stock may be purchased at the
time a Warrant is exercised as provided in the applicable Warrant Certificate.

3

3.2Duration
of Warrants. The Warrants may be exercised only during the period (Exercise Period) commencing on the Initial
Exercise Date as defined in the applicable Warrant Certificate and ending on the Termination Date. For purposes of this Warrant Agreement,
the Termination Date shall have the meaning set forth in the applicable Warrant Certificate. Each Warrant not exercised
on or before the applicable Termination Date (if any) shall become void, and all rights to exercise thereunder and all rights in respect
thereof under this Warrant Agreement shall cease at the close of business on the applicable Termination Date.

3.3Exercise
of Warrants.

3.3.1Exercise
and Payment. (a) Subject to the provisions of this Warrant Agreement, a Holder may exercise Warrants by delivering to the Warrant
Agent, a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed
to the Warrant Certificate and payment of the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 2(a) and Section 2(b) of the Warrant
Certificate (other than in the case of a Cashless Exercise). The Company acknowledges that the bank accounts maintained by the Warrant
Agent in connection with the services provided under this Warrant Agreement will be in its name and that the Warrant Agent may receive
investment earnings in connection with the investment at Warrant Agent risk and for its benefit of funds held in those accounts from time
to time. Neither the Company nor the Holders will receive interest on any deposits or Exercise Price. The Exercise Date
will be the date on which a Warrant is deemed exercised pursuant to the Warrant Certificate (if by 5:00 P.M., New York City time), or
the following Trading Day (if after 5:00 P.M., New York City time), regardless of any earlier date written on any Notice of Exercise.
If a Warrant is deemed exercised after the Termination Date, the exercise thereof will be null and void and any funds delivered to the
Company will be returned to the Holder as soon as practicable. In no event will interest accrue on any funds deposited with the Company
in respect of an exercise or attempted exercise of the Warrants. (b) The Warrants shall cease to be exercisable and shall terminate
and become void as set forth in their Warrant Certificates.

3.3.2Issuance
of Warrant Shares.

(a)The
Warrant Agent shall, on the Trading Day following the date of exercise of any Warrant, advise the Company and the transfer agent and registrar
for the Companys Common Stock (the Transfer Agent), in respect of (i) the number of Warrant Shares indicated
on the Notice of Exercise as issuable upon such exercise with respect to such exercised Warrants, (ii) the instructions of the provided
to the Warrant Agent with respect to the delivery of the Warrant Shares and the number of Warrants that remain outstanding after such
exercise and (iii) such other information as the Company or the Transfer Agent shall reasonably request.

(b)Upon
the Warrant Agents receipt, at or prior to 5:00 P.M. New York City time on the Termination Date set forth in a Warrant Certificate,
of the executed Notice of Exercise, accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 2(b) of the applicable
Warrant Certificate (other than in the case of a Cashless Exercise), the Warrant Agent shall cause the Warrant Shares underlying such
Warrant to be delivered to or upon the order of the Holder of such Warrant, registered in such name or names as may be designated by such
Holder, no later than the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company is then a participant in the DWAC system and either (A) there
is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) the
Warrant is being exercised via Cashless Exercise then the certificates for Warrant Shares shall be transmitted by the Warrant Agent to
the Holder.

4

3.3.3Valid
Issuance. All Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon the proper exercise of a Warrant in conformity with this Warrant Agreement
shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

3.3.4No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional Warrant Shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of the Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

3.3.5Charges,
Taxes, and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to a Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of a Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by a Holder; provided, however, that in the
event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of a Holder, the Warrant, when surrendered for exercise, shall
be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached to the Warrant duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

3.3.6Date
of Issuance. The Company will treat an exercising Holder as a beneficial owner of the Warrant Shares as of the date of exercise of
any Warrant, except that, if such date of exercise is a date when the stock transfer books of the Company are closed, such person shall
be deemed to have become the holder of such shares at the open of business on the next succeeding date on which the stock transfer books
are open.

3.3.7Cashless
Exercise Under Certain Circumstances. The Company shall provide to the Warrant Agent and each Holder prompt written notice of any
time that there is no effective registration statement covering the Warrants and the Warrant Shares thereunder.

Upon receipt of a Notice of
Exercise for a cashless exercise, the Warrant Agent will promptly deliver a copy of the Notice of Exercise to the Company to confirm the
number of Warrant Shares issuable in connection with the cashless exercise. The Company shall promptly calculate and transmit to the Warrant
Agent in a written notice, and the Warrant Agent shall have no duty, responsibility or obligation under this section to calculate, the
number of Warrant Shares issuable in connection with any cashless exercise. The Warrant Agent shall be entitled to rely conclusively on
any such written notice provided by the Company, and the Warrant Agent shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted to
be taken by it in accordance with such written instructions or pursuant to this Warrant Agreement.

3.3.8Disputes.
In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Shares issuable
in connection with any exercise, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares that are not disputed.

3.3.9Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. A Holder shall not have the right to exercise any Warrants to the extent that after giving effect to the issuance
of Warrant Shares after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, such Holder or a person holding through such Holder,
and any other persons acting as a group together with that Holder or person or any of that Holders or persons Affiliates,
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as that term is defined in the Warrant) pursuant to Section 2(e) of
the Warrant Certificates.

5

4.Adjustments.
The Exercise Price, the number of shares covered by each Warrant and the number of Warrants outstanding are subject to adjustment from
time to time as provided in Section 3 of the Warrant Certificates. All Warrants originally issued by the Company subsequent to any
adjustment made to the Exercise Price pursuant to the Warrant shall evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Exercise Price, the
number of shares of Common Stock purchasable from time to time hereunder upon exercise of the Warrants, all subject to further adjustment
as provided herein. Whenever the Exercise Price or the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of each Warrant is
adjusted as provided in this Section 4, the Company shall (a) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth the Exercise Price
of each Warrant as so adjusted, and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment, (b) promptly file with the Warrant
Agent and with the Transfer Agent a copy of such certificate and (c) instruct the Warrant Agent to send a brief summary thereof to
each Holder of a Warrant.

5.Restrictive
Legends; Fractional Warrants. In the event that a Warrant Certificate surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Warrant
Agent shall not register that transfer until the Warrant Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer
may be made and indicating whether the Warrants must also bear a restrictive legend upon that transfer. The Company shall not issue fractions
of Warrants or distribute Warrant Certificates that evidence fractional Warrants. Whenever any fractional Warrant would otherwise be required
to be issued or distributed, the actual issuance or distribution shall reflect a rounding of such fraction either up or down to the nearest
whole Warrant. The Warrant Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which will result in the transfer
of or delivery of a Warrant Certificate for a fraction of a Warrant. The Company shall not issue fractions of shares of Common Stock upon
exercise of Warrants or distribute stock certificates that evidence fractional shares of Common Stock. Whenever any fraction of a share
of Common Stock would otherwise be required to be issued or distributed, the actual issuance or distribution in respect thereof shall
be made in accordance with Section 2(d)(v) of the applicable Warrant Certificates.

6.Other
Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Warrants.

6.1No
Rights as Shareholder. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein and in accordance with Section 5(a) of the applicable
Warrant Certificates, a Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of Warrants, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or
be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant Agreement be construed
to confer upon a Holder, solely in its capacity as the registered holder of Warrants, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company
or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of
share capital, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights or
rights to participate in new issues of shares, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which it is then
entitled to receive upon the due exercise of Warrants.

6.2Reservation
of Common Stock. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock pursuant to Section 5(d) of the applicable Warrant Certificates.

7.Concerning
the Warrant Agent and Other Matters.

7.1Any
instructions given to the Warrant Agent orally, as permitted by any provision of this Warrant Agreement, shall be confirmed in writing
by the Company as soon as practicable. The Warrant Agent shall not be liable or responsible and shall be fully authorized and protected
for acting, or failing to act, in accordance with any oral instructions which do not conform with the written confirmation received in
accordance with this Section 7.1.

6

7.2(a) Whether
or not any Warrants are exercised, for the Warrant Agents services as agent for the Company hereunder, the Company shall pay to
the Warrant Agent such fees as may be separately agreed between the Company and Warrant Agent and the Warrant Agents out of pocket
expenses in connection with this Warrant Agreement, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of the Warrant Agents
counsel. While the Warrant Agent endeavors to maintain out-of-pocket charges (both internal and external) at competitive rates, these
charges may not reflect actual out-of-pocket costs, and may include handling charges to cover internal processing and use of the Warrant
Agents billing systems. (b) All amounts owed by the Company to the Warrant Agent under this Warrant Agreement are due within
30 days of the invoice date. Delinquent payments are subject to a late payment charge of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month commencing
45 days from the invoice date. The Company agrees to reimburse the Warrant Agent for any reasonable attorneys fees and any other
costs associated with collecting delinquent payments. (c) No provision of this Warrant Agreement shall require Warrant Agent to expend
or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties under this Warrant Agreement
or in the exercise of its rights.

7.3As
agent for the Company hereunder the Warrant Agent: (a) shall have no duties or obligations other than those specifically set forth
herein or as may subsequently be agreed to in writing by the Warrant Agent and the Company; (b) shall be regarded as making no representations
and having no responsibilities as to the validity, sufficiency, value, or genuineness of the Warrants or any Warrant Shares; (c) shall
not be obligated to take any legal action hereunder; if, however, the Warrant Agent determines to take any legal action hereunder, and
where the taking of such action might, in its judgment, subject or expose it to any expense or liability it shall not be required to act
unless it has been furnished with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it; (d) may rely on and shall be fully authorized and protected
in acting or failing to act upon any certificate, instrument, opinion, notice, letter, telegram, telex, facsimile transmission or other
document or security delivered to the Warrant Agent and believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed by the proper party or parties;
(e) shall not be liable or responsible for any recital or statement contained in the Registration Statement or any other documents
relating thereto; (f) shall not be liable or responsible for any failure on the part of the Company to comply with any of its covenants
and obligations relating to the Warrants, including without limitation obligations under applicable securities laws; (g) may rely
on and shall be fully authorized and protected in acting or failing to act upon the written, telephonic or oral instructions with respect
to any matter relating to its duties as Warrant Agent covered by this Warrant Agreement (or supplementing or qualifying any such actions)
of officers of the Company, and is hereby authorized and directed to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties
hereunder from the Company or counsel to the Company, and may apply to the Company, for advice or instructions in connection with the
Warrant Agents duties hereunder, and the Warrant Agent shall not be liable for any delay in acting while waiting for those instructions;
any applications by the Warrant Agent for written instructions from the Company may, at the option of the Agent, set forth in writing
any action proposed to be taken or omitted by the Warrant Agent under this Warrant Agreement and the date on or after which such action
shall be taken or such omission shall be effective; the Warrant Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by, or omission of, the
Warrant Agent in accordance with a proposal included in such application on or after the date specified in such application (which date
shall not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date such application is sent to the Company, unless the Company shall have
consented in writing to any earlier date) unless prior to taking any such action, the Warrant Agent shall have received written instructions
in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted; (h) may consult with counsel satisfactory to the Warrant
Agent, including its in-house counsel, and the advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect
of any action taken, suffered, or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice of such counsel; (i) may
perform any of its duties hereunder either directly or by or through nominees, correspondents, designees, or subagents, and it shall not
be liable or responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any nominee, correspondent, designee, or subagent appointed with
reasonable care by it in connection with this Warrant Agreement; (j) is not authorized, and shall have no obligation, to pay any
brokers, dealers, or soliciting fees to any person; and (k) shall not be required hereunder to comply with the laws or regulations
of any country other than the United States of America or any political subdivision thereof.

7

7.4(a) In
the absence of gross negligence or willful or illegal misconduct on its part, the Warrant Agent shall not be liable for any action taken,
suffered, or omitted by it or for any error of judgment made by it in the performance of its duties under this Warrant Agreement. Anything
in this Warrant Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall Warrant Agent be liable for special, indirect, incidental,
consequential or punitive losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Warrant Agent
has been advised of the possibility of such losses or damages and regardless of the form of action. Any liability of the Warrant Agent
will be limited in the aggregate to the amount of fees paid by the Company hereunder. The Warrant Agent shall not be liable for any failures,
delays or losses, arising directly or indirectly out of conditions beyond its reasonable control including, but not limited to, acts of
government, exchange or market ruling, suspension of trading, work stoppages or labor disputes, fires, civil disobedience, riots,
rebellions, storms, electrical or mechanical failure, computer hardware or software failure, communications facilities failures including
telephone failure, war, terrorism, insurrection, earthquakes, floods, acts of God or similar occurrences. (b) In the event any question
or dispute arises with respect to the proper interpretation of the Warrants or the Warrant Agents duties under this Warrant Agreement
or the rights of the Company or of any Holder, the Warrant Agent shall not be required to act and shall not be held liable or responsible
for its refusal to act until the question or dispute has been judicially settled (and, if appropriate, it may file a suit in interpleader
or for a declaratory judgment for such purpose) by final judgment rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction, binding on all persons
interested in the matter which is no longer subject to review or appeal, or settled by a written document in form and substance satisfactory
to Warrant Agent and executed by the Company and each such Holder. In addition, the Warrant Agent may require for such purpose, but shall
not be obligated to require, the execution of such written settlement by all the Holders and all other persons that may have an interest
in the settlement.

7.5The
Company covenants to indemnify the Warrant Agent and hold it harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim or expense (Loss)
arising out of or in connection with the Warrant Agents duties under this Warrant Agreement, including the costs and expenses of
defending itself against any Loss, unless such Loss shall have been determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be a result of
the Warrant Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct.

7.6Unless
terminated earlier by the parties hereto, this Warrant Agreement shall terminate 90 days after the earlier of the Termination Date and
the date on which no Warrants remain outstanding (the Termination Date). On the Business Day following the Termination
Date, the Warrant Agent shall deliver to the Company any entitlements, if any, held by the Warrant Agent under this Warrant Agreement.
The Warrant Agents right to be reimbursed for fees, charges and out-of-pocket expenses as provided in this Section 7 shall
survive the termination of this Warrant Agreement.

7.7If
any provision of this Warrant Agreement shall be held illegal, invalid, or unenforceable by any court, this Warrant Agreement shall be
construed and enforced as if such provision had not been contained herein and shall be deemed an agreement among the parties to it to
the full extent permitted by applicable law.

7.8The
Company represents and warrants that: (a) it is duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation;
(b) the offer and sale of the Warrants and the execution, delivery and performance of all transactions contemplated thereby (including
this Warrant Agreement) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and will not result in a breach of or constitute a
default under the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or any similar document of the Company or any indenture, agreement or instrument
to which it is a party or is bound; (c) this Warrant Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes
the legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Company; (d) the Warrants will comply in all material respects with all
applicable requirements of law; and (e) to the best of its knowledge, there is no litigation pending or threatened as of the date
hereof in connection with the offering of the Warrants.

8

7.9In
the event of inconsistency between this Warrant Agreement and the descriptions in the Registration Statement, as they may from time to
time be amended, the terms of this Warrant Agreement shall control. In the event of inconsistency between this Warrant Agreement and terms
set forth in a Warrant Certificate, the terms of the applicable Warrant Certificate shall control.

7.10Set
forth in Exhibit B hereto is a list of the names and specimen signatures of the persons authorized to act for the Company
under this Warrant Agreement (the Authorized Representatives). The Company shall, from time to time, certify to the
Warrant Agent the names and signatures of any other persons authorized to act for the Company under this Warrant Agreement.

7.11Except
as expressly set forth elsewhere in this Warrant Agreement, all notices, instructions and communications under this Warrant Agreement
shall be in writing, shall be effective upon receipt and shall be addressed, if to the Company, to its address set forth beneath its signature
to this Warrant Agreement, or, if to the Warrant Agent, to Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, 48 Wall Street 22nd Floor, New York, NY
10005, Attention: Corporate Actions Warrants, Email: reorgwarrants@equiniti.com or to such other address of which a party hereto
has notified the other party.

7.12(a) This
Warrant Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. All actions and proceedings
relating to or arising from, directly or indirectly, this Warrant Agreement may be litigated in courts located within the Borough of Manhattan
in the City and State of New York. The Company hereby submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and consents that any service
of process may be made by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, directed to the Company at its address last specified
for notices hereunder. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS WARRANT AGREEMENT. (b) This Warrant Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors
and assigns of the parties hereto. This Warrant Agreement may not be assigned, or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, by either
party without the prior written consent of the other party, which the other party will not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay;
except that (i) consent is not required for an assignment or delegation of duties by the Warrant Agent to any affiliate of Warrant
Agent and (ii) any reorganization, merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other form of business combination by the Warrant Agent
or the Company shall not be deemed to constitute an assignment of this Warrant Agreement. (c) No provision of this Warrant Agreement
may be amended, modified or waived, except in a written document signed by both parties. The Company and the Warrant Agent may amend or
supplement this Warrant Agreement without the consent of any Holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or curing, correcting or
supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions
arising under this Warrant Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable; provided, that no such amendment or supplement
shall adversely affect the interest of the Holders. All other amendments and supplements shall require the vote or written consent of
Holders of at least 50.1% of the then outstanding Warrants, provided that adjustments may be made to the Warrant terms and rights in accordance
with Section 4 without the consent of the Holders.

7.13Payment
of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Warrant
Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Warrant Shares upon the exercise of Warrants, but the Company may, pursuant to the terms
of the Warrant, require the Holders to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such shares. The Warrant Agent may refrain
from registering any transfer of Warrants or any delivery of any Warrant Shares unless or until the persons requesting the registration
or issuance shall have paid to the Warrant Agent for the account of the Company the amount of such tax or charge, if any, or shall have
established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company and the Warrant Agent that such tax or charge, if any, has been paid.

9

7.14Resignation
of Warrant Agent.

7.14.1Appointment
of Successor Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged
from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving thirty (30) days notice in writing to the Company and the Holders
of the Warrants, or such shorter period of time agreed to by the Company. The Company may terminate the services of the Warrant Agent,
or any successor Warrant Agent, after giving thirty (30) days notice in writing to the Warrant Agent or successor Warrant Agent
and the Holders of the Warrants, or such shorter period of time as agreed. If the office of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant by resignation,
termination or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor Warrant Agent in place of the Warrant
Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation
or incapacity by the Warrant Agent, then the Warrant Agent or any Holder may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment
of a successor Warrant Agent at the Companys cost. Pending appointment of a successor to such Warrant Agent, either by the Company
or by such a court, the duties of the Warrant Agent shall be carried out by the Company. Any successor Warrant Agent (but not including
the initial Warrant Agent), whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a person organized and existing under the laws
of any state of the United States of America, in good standing, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and
subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with
all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally
named as Warrant Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed, and except for executing and delivering documents as provided in the
sentence that follows, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall have no further duties, obligations, responsibilities or liabilities hereunder,
but shall be entitled to all rights that survive the termination of this Warrant Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Warrant
Agent, including but not limited to its right to indemnity hereunder. If for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate or at the
request of the Company, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring
to such successor Warrant Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon request of
any successor Warrant Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully
and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and
obligations.

7.14.2Notice
of Successor Warrant Agent. In the event a successor Warrant Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the
predecessor Warrant Agent and the Transfer Agent not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

7.14.3Merger
or Consolidation of Warrant Agent. Any person into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated
or any person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party or any person succeeding
to the shareowner services business of the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent shall be the successor Warrant Agent under this
Warrant Agreement, without any further act or deed. For purposes of this Warrant Agreement, person shall mean any individual,
firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust or other entity, and shall include any successor
(by merger or otherwise) thereof or thereto.

10

8.Miscellaneous
Provisions.

8.1Persons
Having Rights under this Warrant Agreement. Nothing in this Warrant Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of
the provisions hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties
hereto and the Holders any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Warrant Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation,
promise, or agreement hereof.

8.2Examination
of the Warrant Agreement. A copy of this Warrant Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Warrant
Agent designated for such purpose for inspection by any Holder. Prior to such inspection, the Warrant Agent may require any such holder
to provide reasonable evidence of its interest in the Warrants.

8.3Counterparts.
This Warrant Agreement may be executed in any number of original, facsimile or electronic counterparts and each of such counterparts shall
for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

8.4Effect
of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Warrant Agreement and shall not affect
the interpretation thereof.

8.5Conflicts.
To the extent any provision of a Warrant Certificate conflicts with the express provisions of this Warrant Agreement, the provisions of
the Warrant Certificate shall govern and be controlling.

9.Certain
Definitions. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

(b)Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

(c)Trading
Day means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Trading Market.

(d)Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

(e)Warrant
Share Delivery Date means the date that is the earlier of: (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company
of the Notice of Exercise provided that, payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is
received by the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. ET on the Trading Day after the delivery of the Notice of Exercise, and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise , provided
that, payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company prior to
5:00 p.m. ET on the Trading Day after the delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

11

[Signature Page to Follow]

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Warrant
Agency Agreement has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

ANNOVIS BIO, INC.

By: /s/ Maria Maccecchini

Name: Maria Maccecchini

Title: President and Chief Executive
Officer

Address:

Annovis Bio., Inc.

101 Lindenwood Drive Suite 225

Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355

EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC

By: /s/ Michael Legregin

Name: Michael Legregin

Title: Senior Vice President

Corporate Actions, IPOs & New Business

ANNEX A

WARRANT CERTIFICATE REQUEST NOTICE

To: Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Warrant Agent
for Annovis Bio, Inc. (the Company)

The undersigned Holder of Common Stock Purchase
Warrants (Warrants) held in book-entry form hereby elects to receive a Definitive Certificate evidencing the Warrants held
by the Holder as specified below:

1. Name of Holder of Warrants in book-entry form:

______________________________________________________________

2. Name of Holder in Definitive Certificate (if different from name of Holder of Warrants in form of book-entry form):

_______________________________

3. Number of Warrants in name of Holder in book entry form : _________________

4. Number of Warrants for which Definitive Certificate shall be issued: ___________________

5. Number of Warrants in name of Holder in book-entry form after issuance of Definitive Certificate, if any: ___________

6. Definitive Certificate shall be delivered to the following address:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

The undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees
that, in connection with this request and the issuance of the Definitive Certificate, the Holder is deemed to have surrendered the number
of Warrants held in book-entry in the name of the Holder equal to the number of Warrants evidenced by the Definitive Certificate.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date:

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF WARRANT

(ATTACHED)

EXHIBIT B

AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Name Title Signature

Maria Maccecchini President and Chief Executive Officer 

William Fricker Interim Chief Financial Officer 

Andrew Walsh Vice President--Finance
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154 

Main 212.407.4000

Fax 212.407.4990

February 4, 2025

Annovis Bio, Inc.

101 Lindenwood Drive, Suite 225

Malvern, PA 19355

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to
Annovis Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the offer and sale by the
Company of 5,250,000 units (the Units) each consisting of one share (the shares included in the Units are collectively
referred to as the Shares) of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock) and
one warrant (the warrants included in the Units are collectively referred to as the Warrants), each exercisable to
purchase one share of Common Stock (collectively, the Warrant Shares), pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement (the
Underwriting Agreement), dated February 3, 2025, by and between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC as representative
of the several underwriters named therein (the Representative). The Units, the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant
Shares are being offered for sale pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-276814) (the
Registration Statement) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and the related prospectus contained therein, dated
February 12, 2024 (the Base Prospectus) and the prospectus supplement, dated February 3, 2025 filed pursuant
to Rule 424(b)(5) under the Securities Act, (the Prospectus Supplement and, together with the Base Prospectus,
the Prospectus).

In connection with the opinions
set forth below, we have examined the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Underwriting Agreement and the form of the Warrants.
We have also examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of the Companys amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and such corporate records of the Company and other certificates and documents
of officials of the Company, public officials and others as we have deemed appropriate for purposes of this letter. We have assumed the
genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, and the conformity to authentic original
documents of all copies submitted to us as conformed and certified or reproduced copies.

Based upon the foregoing and
subject to the assumptions, exceptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion that:

1. The Units have been duly
authorized for issuance and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Underwriting Agreement and in
the manner described in the Registration Statement, will be valid and legally binding obligations of the Company.

2. The Shares have been duly
authorized for issuance, and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Underwriting Agreement, the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

3.
The Warrants have been duly authorized for issuance and when executed and delivered in accordance with the terms and conditions
of the Underwriting Agreement, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of
the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms.

Los Angeles New York Chicago
Nashville Washington, DC San Francisco Beijing Hong Kong www.loeb.com

For the United States offices,
a limited liability partnership including professional corporations. For Hong Kong office, a limited liability partnership.

4. The Warrant Shares have
been duly authorized for issuance and if, as, and when the Warrant Shares are issued and delivered by the Company upon exercise of the
Warrants in accordance with the terms thereof, including, without limitation, the payment in full of applicable consideration, will be
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable

The
opinions we express above are based upon a review only of those laws, statutes, rules, ordinances and regulations which, in our experience,
a securities lawyer who is a member of the bar of the State of New York and practicing before the Commission exercising customary
professional diligence would reasonably recognize as being applicable to the foregoing transactions.

The opinions set forth in
paragraph 3 above are subject to (i) the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar law
relating to or affecting creditors rights generally (including, without limitation, fraudulent conveyance laws) and (ii) 
the effect of general principles of equity, including, without limitation, concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair
dealing and the possible unavailability of specific performance or injunctive relief, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding
in equity or at law.

We express no opinion as to
the enforceability of (i) provisions that relate to choice of law, forum selection or submission to jurisdiction (including, without
limitation, any express or implied waiver of any objection to venue in any court or of any objection that a court is an inconvenient forum)
to the extent that the validity, binding effect or enforceability of any such provision is to be determined by any court other than a
state court of the State of New York and (ii) waivers by the Company of any statutory or constitutional rights or remedies. We draw
your attention to the fact that, under certain circumstances, the enforceability of terms to the effect that provisions may not be waived
or modified except in writing may be limited.

The opinions we express herein
are limited to matters involving the internal laws of the State of New York and the Delaware General Corporation law.

This opinion has been prepared
solely for use in connection with the transmitting for filing of the Prospectus Supplement on the date of this letter and may be relied
upon for no other purpose without our prior written consent.

We hereby consent to the filing
of this letter with the Commission as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company in connection with
the issuance and sale of the Units, the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of
Regulation S-K under the Securities Act and to the reference to our firm therein and in the Prospectus under the caption Legal
Matters. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that this firm is within the category of persons whose consent is required
under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission under such Section.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Loeb & Loeb LLP

Loeb & Loeb LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Annovis Bio, Inc. Announces Proposed Public
Offering 

MALVERN, PA January 31, 2025 
Annovis Bio, Inc. (NYSE: ANVS) (Annovis or the Company), a late-stage clinical drug platform company pioneering
transformative therapies for neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimers disease (AD) and Parkinsons disease (PD), today
announced that it intends to offer to sell common stock and warrants in an underwritten public offering. All of the common stock and warrants
are to be sold by the Company.

ThinkEquity is acting as sole book-running manager
for the offering.

The Company expects to grant the underwriter a
45-day option to purchase up to an additional 15% of the number of shares of common stock and/or warrants sold in this offering to cover
over-allotments, if any.

The offering is subject to market conditions and
there can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from
the offering primarily for working capital and general corporate purposes, including the continued clinical development of the Companys
lead compound, Buntanetap.

The securities in the offering described above
will be offered and sold pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-276814), including a base prospectus,
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 1, 2024 and declared effective on February
12, 2024. The offering will be made only by means of a written prospectus. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus
describing the terms of the offering will be filed with the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement
and the accompanying base prospectus relating to the offering may also be obtained from the offices of ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st
Floor, New York, New York 10004. Before investing in this offering, interested parties should read in their entirety the preliminary prospectus
supplement and the accompanying base prospectus and the other documents that the Company has filed with the SEC that are incorporated
by reference in such preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus, which provide more information about the
Company and such offering.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which
such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.

About Annovis Bio,
Inc.:

Headquartered in Malvern, Pennsylvania, Annovis
is dedicated to addressing neurodegeneration in diseases such as AD and PD. The Companys innovative approach targets multiple neurotoxic
proteins, aiming to restore brain function and improve the quality of life for patients. For more information, visit www.annovisbio.com
and follow us on LinkedIn, YouTube, and X.

Forward-Looking Statements:

This press release contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. These statements include, but are not limited to, the Companys plans related to clinical trials. Forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those projected. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those related to patient enrollment,
the effectiveness of Buntanetap, and the timing, effectiveness, and anticipated results of the Companys clinical trials evaluating
the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of Buntanetap. Additional risk factors are detailed in the Companys periodic filings with
the SEC, including those listed in the Risk Factors section of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q. All forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information available to the Company as of the
date of this release. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.

Contact:

Annovis Bio Inc.

101 Lindenwood Drive

Suite 225

Malvern, PA 19355

www.annovisbio.com

Investor Contact:

Scott McGowan

InvestorBrandNetwork (IBN)

Phone: 310.299.1717

www.annovisbio.com/investors-relations

IR@annovisbio.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Annovis Bio, Inc. Announces Pricing of $21 Million
Public Offering

MALVERN, PA February 3, 2025 
Annovis Bio, Inc. (NYSE: ANVS) (Annovis or the Company), a late-stage clinical drug platform company pioneering
transformative therapies for neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimers disease (AD) and Parkinsons disease (PD), today
announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 5,250,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 5,250,000 shares
of common stock at a combined public offering price of $4.00 per share. The warrants will have an exercise price of $5.00 per share and
will be immediately exercisable upon issuance for a period of five years following the date of issuance. All of the common shares and
associated warrants in the offering are being offered by the Company. Total gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting underwriters
discounts and other offering expenses, are expected to be $21 million. The offering is expected to close on February 4, 2025, subject
to satisfaction of customary closing conditions

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from
the offering primarily for working capital and general corporate purposes, including the continued clinical development of the Companys
lead compound, Buntanetap.

ThinkEquity is acting as sole book-running manager
for the offering.

The securities will be offered and sold pursuant
to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-276814), including a base prospectus, filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 1, 2024, and declared effective on February 12, 2024. The offering will be
made only by means of a written prospectus. A prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the offering will
be filed with the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the
offering may also be obtained, when available, from the offices of ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York, New
York 10004.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or
jurisdiction.

About Annovis Bio,
Inc.:

Headquartered in Malvern, Pennsylvania, Annovis
is dedicated to addressing neurodegeneration in diseases such as AD and PD. The companys innovative approach targets multiple neurotoxic
proteins, aiming to restore brain function and improve the quality of life for patients. For more information, visit www.annovisbio.com
and follow us on LinkedIn, YouTube, and X.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. These statements include, but are not limited to, the Companys plans related to clinical trials. Forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those projected. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those related to patient enrollment,
the effectiveness of Buntanetap, and the timing, effectiveness, and anticipated results of the Company's clinical trials evaluating the
efficacy, safety, and tolerability of Buntanetap. Additional risk factors are detailed in the Companys periodic filings with the
SEC, including those listed in the Risk Factors section of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q. All forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information available to the Company as of the
date of this release. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.

Contact:

Annovis Bio Inc.

101 Lindenwood Drive

Suite 225

Malvern, PA 19355

www.annovisbio.com

Investor Contact:

Scott McGowan

InvestorBrandNetwork (IBN)

Phone: 310.299.1717

www.annovisbio.com/investors-relations

IR@annovisbio.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex99-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

Annovis Bio, Inc. Announces
Closing of $21 Million Public Offering 

MALVERN, PA February 4, 2025 
Annovis Bio, Inc. (NYSE: ANVS) (Annovis or the Company), a late-stage clinical drug platform company pioneering
transformative therapies for neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimers disease (AD) and Parkinsons disease (PD), today
announced the closing of its previously announced underwritten public offering of 5,250,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase
5,250,000 shares of common stock at a combined public offering price of $4.00 per share and associated warrant. The warrants have an
exercise price of $5.00 per share and are immediately exercisable upon issuance for a period of five years following the date of issuance.
Total gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting the underwriters discounts and other offering expenses, were $21 million.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from
the offering primarily for the continued clinical development of the Companys lead compound, Buntanetap in a Phase 3 study for
Alzheimers disease, and for working capital and general corporate purposes.

ThinkEquity acted as the sole book-running manager
for the offering.

The securities were offered and sold pursuant
to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-276814), including a base prospectus, filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 1, 2024, and declared effective on February 12, 2024. The offering was made
only by means of a written prospectus. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the offering
have been filed with the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus
relating to the offering may also be obtained, when available, from the offices of ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor,
New York, New York 10004.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or
jurisdiction.

About Annovis Bio, Inc.

Headquartered in Malvern, Pennsylvania, Annovis
is dedicated to addressing neurodegeneration in diseases such as AD and PD. The companys innovative approach targets multiple
neurotoxic proteins, aiming to restore brain function and improve the quality of life for patients. For more information, visit www.annovisbio.com
and follow us on LinkedIn, YouTube, and X.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. These statements include, but are not limited to, the Companys plans related to clinical trials. Forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those projected. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those related to patient enrollment,
the effectiveness of Buntanetap, and the timing, effectiveness, and anticipated results of the Companys clinical trials evaluating
the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of Buntanetap. Additional risk factors are detailed in the Companys periodic filings with
the SEC, including those listed in the Risk Factors section of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q. All forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information available to the Company as of the
date of this release. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.

Contact:

Annovis Bio Inc.

101 Lindenwood Drive

Suite 225

Malvern, PA 19355

www.annovisbio.com

Investor Contact:

Scott McGowan

InvestorBrandNetwork (IBN)

Phone: 310.299.1717

www.annovisbio.com/investors-relations

IR@annovisbio.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>anvs-20250203.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>anvs-20250203_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>anvs-20250203_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex5-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex99-1img01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex99-2img01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_ex99-3img01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39202

Entity Registrant Name ANNOVIS BIO, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001477845

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-2540421

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 101
Lindenwood Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 225

Entity Address, City or Town Malvern

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19355

City Area Code 484

Local Phone Number 875-3192

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol ANVS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://annovisbio.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

anvs-20250203.xsd 
anvs-20250203_lab.xml 
anvs-20250203_pre.xml 
tm255497d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-009279-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>tm255497d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001477845 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001477845 
8-K 
2025-02-03 
ANNOVIS BIO, INC. 
DE 
001-39202 
26-2540421 
101 Lindenwood Drive 
Suite 225 
Malvern 
PA 
19355 
484 
875-3192 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 
ANVS 
NYSE
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>