<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-011543.txt : 20250211
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-011543.hdr.sgml : 20250211
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250211170021
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-011543
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250205
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Twist Bioscience Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001581280
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				462058888
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38720
		FILM NUMBER:		25610687

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		681 GATEWAY BLVD.
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-719-0671

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		681 GATEWAY BLVD.
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm255980d2_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--09-30000158128000015812802025-02-052025-02-05iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported) 

February 5, 2025

Twist Bioscience Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware 001-38720 46-2058888

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I. R. S. Employer

Identification No.)

681 Gateway Boulevard

South San Francisco, CA94080

(Address of principal executive offices, including
ZIP code) 

(800) 719-0671

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock TWST The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of
Directors; Appointment of Certain officers; Compensatory Arrangement of Certain Officers.

As described in Item 5.07 below (Proposal Four), at the 2025 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders of Twist Bioscience Corporation (the Company) held on February 5, 2025 (the Annual Meeting),
the Companys stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the Company 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan).
A description of the amendments was set forth in the Companys definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on January 6, 2025.

The foregoing description of the amendments to the Plan does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan, as amended and restated, a copy of which is
filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

At the Annual Meeting, the Companys stockholders approved
amendments to the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter) to (1) increase the
number of shares of common stock of the Company authorized thereunder by an additional 100,000,000 shares and (2) provide for the
exculpation of certain of the Companys officers from liability in specific circumstances, as permitted by Delaware law (collectively,
the Charter Amendments). A description of the Charter Amendments was set forth in the Companys definitive proxy statement
on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 6, 2025. The Charter Amendments
became effective upon the filing of a Certificate of Amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 10, 2025 (the Certificate of Amendment).

The foregoing description of the Charter Amendments does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Certificate of Amendment, a copy of which is filed
as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

At the Annual Meeting, there were present, in person or by proxy, holders
of 55,356,056 shares of common stock, or approximately 92.90% of the total outstanding shares eligible to be voted. The holders present
voted on the six proposals presented at the Annual Meeting as follows.

Proposal One Election of Directors

The Companys stockholders approved the election of the following
three directors to the Companys Board of Directors as Class I Directors to serve for the ensuing three years and until their
successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal, by the following votes:

Nominee Votes For Votes Withheld Broker Non-

Votes 

Nelson C. Chan 33,574,782 17,243,516 4,537,758 

Robert Ragusa 40,170,187 10,648,111 4,537,758 

Melissa A. Starovasnik, Ph.D. 48,898,476 1,919,822 4,537,758 

Proposal Two Non-Binding, Advisory Vote to Approve the
Compensation of the Companys Named Executive Officers (NEOs)

The Companys stockholders approved, on a non-binding and advisory
basis, a resolution approving the compensation of the Companys NEOs as described in the proxy statement filed on January 6,
2025, by the following votes:

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

49,586,486 1,201,241 30,571 4,537,758

Proposal Three Ratification of Appointment of Independent
Registered Accounting Firm

The Companys stockholders ratified the appointment of Ernst &
Young LLP as the Companys independent registered accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, by the following
votes:

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions

55,319,151 14,398 22,507

Proposal Four Amendment and Restatement of the Companys
2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the EIP) to Increase the Number of Shares of Common Stock Reserved for Issuance of Awards under
the EIP, Eliminate the Evergreen Provision and Make Other Amendments

The Companys stockholders approved the amendment and restatement
of the EIP to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance of awards under the EIP by 3,700,000 shares, eliminate
the evergreen provision and make other amendments by the following votes:

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

48,833,948 1,961,249 23,101 4,537,758

Proposal Five Amendment of the Companys Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter) to Increase the Number of Shares of Common Stock of the Company
Authorized Thereunder by an Additional 100,000,000 Shares

The Companys stockholders approved the amendment of the Charter
to increase the number of shares of common stock of the Company authorized thereunder by an additional 100,000,000 shares, by the following
votes:

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions

54,624,658 701,953 29,445 

Proposal Six Amendment of the Charter to Provide for
Officer Exculpation

The Companys stockholders approved the amendment of the Charter
to provide for officer exculpation, by the following votes:

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

46,462,879 4,323,605 31,814 4,537,758 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Amendment to
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

10.2 Amended and Restated 2018
Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreements thereunder

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 11, 2025 Twist Bioscience Corporation

/s/ Judy Yan

Judy Yan

Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm255980d2_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1 

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

TO THE

Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

OF

TWIST
BIOSCIENCE CORPORATION

The undersigned, Emily Leproust,
hereby certifies that:

1. She
is the duly elected and acting Chief Executive Officer of Twist Bioscience Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation).

2. The
name of the Corporation is Twist Bioscience Corporation. The Corporations original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 4, 2013. The Certificate of Incorporation was most recently amended
and restated pursuant to an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
on November 2, 2018 (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation).

3. Pursuant
to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, this Certificate of Amendment (Certificate of
Amendment) amends and restates Section 4.1 of Article IV of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to read in its entirety as follows:

4.1 Authorized Capital Stock.
The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 210,000,000 shares, consisting
of 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common Stock), and 10,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Preferred Stock).

4. Pursuant
to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, this Certificate of Amendment amends and restates Section 7.1
of Article VII of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to read in its entirety as follows:

7.1 Limitation of Personal
Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended from time to time, a director
or officer of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director or officer. If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal
liability of directors or officers, then the liability of a director or officer of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to
the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended.

5. This
Certificate of Amendment was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation and by the stockholders of the Corporation in
accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation
has caused this Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its Chief Executive
Officer this 7th day of February, 2025.

TWIST BIOSCIENCE CORPORATION

By: /s/
Emily Leproust

Emily
Leproust

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm255980d2_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

TWIST BIOSCIENCE CORPORATION

2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

Amended and Restated Effective as of February 5,
2025

1. Purposes
of the Plan. The purposes of this Plan are (a) to attract and retain the best available personnel to ensure the Companys
success and accomplish the Companys goals; (b) to incentivize Employees, Directors and Independent Contractors with long-term
equity-based compensation to align their interests with the Companys stockholders, and (c) to promote the success of the Companys
business.

The Plan permits the grant of
Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance
Units and Performance Shares.

2. Definitions.
As used herein, the following definitions will apply:

(a) Administrator
means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

(b) Affiliate
means (i) an entity other than a Subsidiary which, together with the Company, is under common control of a third person or entity
and (ii) an entity other than a Subsidiary in which the Company and/or one or more Subsidiaries own a controlling interest.

(c) Applicable
Laws means all applicable laws, rules, regulations and requirements, including, but not limited to, all applicable U.S. federal
or state laws, rules and regulations, the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common
Stock is listed or quoted, and the applicable laws, rules and regulations of any other country or jurisdiction where Awards are,
or will be, granted under the Plan or Participants reside or provide services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company,
as such laws, rules, and regulations shall be in effect from time to time.

(d) Award
means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock
Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares.

(e) Award
Agreement means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award granted
under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(f) Board
means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(g) Cause
means, with respect to the termination of a Participants status as a Service Provider, except as otherwise defined in an Award
Agreement, (i) in the case where there is no employment agreement, consulting agreement, change in control agreement or similar agreement
in effect between the Company or an Affiliate of the Company and the Participant at the time of the grant of the Award (or where there
is such an agreement but it does not define cause (or words of like import) or where it only applies upon the occurrence
of a change in control and one has not yet taken place): (A) any material breach by Participant of any material written agreement
between Participant and the Company; (B) any failure by Participant to comply with the Companys material written policies
or rules as they may be in effect from time to time; (C) neglect or persistent unsatisfactory performance of Participants
duties; (D) Participants repeated failure to follow reasonable and lawful instructions from the Board or Chief Executive Officer;
(E) Participants indictment for, conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendre to, any felony or crime that results in,
or is reasonably expected to result in, a material adverse effect on the business or reputation of the Company; (F) Participants
commission of or participation in an act of fraud against the Company; (G) Participants intentional material damage to the
Companys business, property or reputation; or (H) Participants unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information
or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom the Participant owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of his or her
relationship with the Company; or (ii) in the case where there is an employment agreement, consulting agreement, change in control
agreement or similar agreement in effect between the Company or an Affiliate and the Participant at the time of the grant of the Award
that defines cause (or words of like import), cause as defined under such agreement; provided, however, that
with regard to any agreement under which the definition of cause only applies on occurrence of a change in control, such
definition of cause shall not apply until a change in control actually takes place and then only with regard to a termination
thereafter. For purposes of clarity, a termination without Cause does not include any termination that occurs solely as
a result of Participants death or Disability. The determination as to whether a Participants status as a Service Provider
for purposes of the Plan has been terminated for Cause shall be made in good faith by the Company and shall be final and binding on the
Participant. The foregoing definition does not in any way limit the Companys ability (or that of any Parent or Subsidiary or any
successor thereto, as appropriate) to terminate a Participants employment or consulting relationship at any time, subject to Applicable
Laws.

(h) Change
in Control except as may otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement or other applicable agreement, means the occurrence of
any of the following:

(i) The
consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or any other corporate reorganization, if the Companys
stockholders immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or reorganization cease to directly or indirectly own immediately after such
merger, consolidation or reorganization at least a majority of the combined voting power of the continuing or surviving entitys
securities outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or reorganization;

(ii) The
consummation of the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets (other than (x) to
a corporation or other entity of which at least a majority of its combined voting power is owned directly or indirectly by the Company,
(y) to a corporation or other entity owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions
as their ownership of the Common Stock of the Company or (z) to a continuing or surviving entity described in Section 2(h)(i) in
connection with a merger, consolidation or reorganization which does not result in a Change in Control under Section 2(h)(i));

-2-

(iii) A
change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any
twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to
the date of the appointment or election; or

(iv) The
consummation of any transaction as a result of which any Person becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting
power represented by the Companys then outstanding voting securities. For purposes of this Section 2(g), the term Person
shall have the same meaning as when used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act but shall exclude:

(1) a
trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or an affiliate of the Company;

(2) a
corporation or other entity owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their
ownership of the Common Stock of the Company;

(3) the
Company; and

(4) a
corporation or other entity of which at least a majority of its combined voting power is owned directly or indirectly by the Company.

A transaction shall not constitute
a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Companys incorporation or to create a holding company that
will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transactions.
In addition, if any Person (as defined above) is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control
of the Company by the same Person will not be considered to cause a Change in Control. If required for compliance with Section 409A
of the Code, in no event will a Change in Control be deemed to have occurred if such transaction is not also a change in the ownership
or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company
as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder).

(i) Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code or regulation thereunder shall include
such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation
or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation.

(j) Committee
means a committee of Directors or of other individuals satisfying Applicable Laws appointed by the Board in accordance with Section 4
hereof.

(k) Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company.

(l) Company
means Twist Bioscience Corporation, a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto.

-3-

(m) Director
means a member of the Board.

(n) Disability
means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, provided that in the case of Awards other than
Incentive Stock Options, the Administrator in its discretion may determine whether a permanent and total disability exists in accordance
with uniform and non-discriminatory standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time.

(o) Effective
Date means the date of the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

(p) Employee
means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. Neither service
as a Director nor payment of a directors fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company.

(q) Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(r) Exchange
Program means a program under which outstanding Awards are amended to provide for a lower exercise price or surrendered or
cancelled in exchange for (i) Awards with a lower exercise price, (ii) a different type of Award or awards under a different
equity incentive plan, (iii) cash, or (iv) a combination of (i), (ii) and/or (iii). Notwithstanding the preceding, the
term Exchange Program does not include (i) any action described in Section 14 or any action taken in connection with a Change
in Control transaction nor (ii) any transfer or other disposition permitted under Section 13. For the purpose of clarity, each
of the actions described in the prior sentence, none of which constitute an Exchange Program, may be undertaken (or authorized) by the
Administrator in its sole discretion without approval by the Companys stockholders.

(s) Fair
Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows:

(i) If
the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales
price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the day of determination,
as reported in such source as the Administrator deems reliable;

(ii) If
the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of a
Share will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the day of determination, as reported in such
source as the Administrator deems reliable; or

(iii) In
the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined in good faith by the Administrator
in compliance with Applicable Laws and regulations and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A of the Code.

(t) Fiscal
Year means the fiscal year of the Company.

-4-

(u) Incentive
Stock Option means an Option that by its terms qualifies and is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the
meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

(v) Independent
Contractor means any person, including an advisor, consultant or agent, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to
render services to such entity or who renders, or has rendered, services to the Company, or any Parent, Subsidiary or affiliate and is
compensated for such services.

(w) Inside
Director means a Director who is an Employee.

(x) Nonstatutory
Stock Option means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

(y) Officer
means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.

(z) Option
means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.

(aa) Outside
Director means a Director who is not an Employee.

(bb) Parent
means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company if each of the corporations
other than the Company owns stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in
one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Parent on a date after the adoption of the Plan
shall be considered a Parent commencing as of such date.

(cc) Participant
means the holder of an outstanding Award.

(dd) Performance
Goal means a formula or standard determined by the Committee with respect to each Performance Period based on one or more
of the following criteria and any adjustment(s) thereto established by the Committee: (1) sales or non-sales revenue; (2) return
on revenues; (3) operating income; (4) income or earnings including operating income; (5) income or earnings before or
after taxes, interest, depreciation and/or amortization; (6) income or earnings from continuing operations; (7) net income;
(8) pre-tax income or after-tax income; (9) net income excluding amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and impairment
of goodwill and intangible assets and/or excluding charges attributable to the adoption of new accounting pronouncements; (10) raising
of financing or fundraising; (11) project financing; (12) revenue backlog; (13) gross margin; (14) operating margin or profit margin;
(15) capital expenditures, cost targets, reductions and savings and expense management; (16) return on assets (gross or net), return
on investment, return on capital, or return on stockholder equity; (17) cash flow, free cash flow, cash flow return on investment (discounted
or otherwise), net cash provided by operations, or cash flow in excess of cost of capital; (18) performance warranty and/or guarantee
claims; (19) stock price or total stockholder return; (20) earnings or book value per share (basic or diluted); (21) economic value created;
(22) pre-tax profit or after-tax profit; (23) strategic business criteria, consisting of one or more objectives based on meeting specified
market penetration or market share, completion of strategic agreements such as licenses, joint ventures, acquisitions, and the like,
geographic business expansion, objective customer satisfaction or information technology goals, intellectual property asset metrics;
(24) objective goals relating to divestitures, joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions and similar transactions; (25) objective goals relating
to staff management, results from staff attitude and/or opinion surveys, staff satisfaction scores, staff safety, staff accident and/or
injury rates, compliance, headcount, performance management, completion of critical staff training initiatives; (26) objective goals
relating to projects, including project completion, timing and/or achievement of milestones, project budget, technical progress against
work plans; and (27) enterprise resource planning. Awards issued to Participants may take into account other criteria (including subjective
criteria). Performance Goals may differ from Participant to Participant, Performance Period to Performance Period and from Award to Award.
Any criteria used may be measured, as applicable, (i) in absolute terms, (ii) in relative terms (including, but not limited
to, any increase (or decrease) over the passage of time and/or any measurement against other companies or financial or business or stock
index metrics particular to the Company), (iii) on a per share and/or share per capita basis, (iv) against the performance
of the Company as a whole or against any affiliate(s), or a particular segment(s), a business unit(s) or a product(s) of the
Company or individual project company, (v) on a pre-tax or after-tax basis, and/or (vi) using an actual foreign exchange rate
or on a foreign exchange neutral basis.

-5-

(ee) Performance
Period means the time period during which the Performance Goals or other vesting provisions must be satisfied for Performance
Shares or Performance Units.

(ff) Performance
Share means an Award denominated in Shares which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of Performance Goals or
other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine pursuant to Section 10.

(gg) Performance
Unit means an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of Performance Goals or other vesting criteria
as the Administrator may determine and which may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a combination of the foregoing pursuant
to Section 10.

(hh) Period
of Restriction means the period during which the transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and therefore,
the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the achievement of
target levels of performance, or the occurrence of other events as determined by the Administrator.

(ii) Plan
means this 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated.

(jj) Registration
Date means the effective date of the first registration statement that is filed by the Company and declared effective pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, with respect to any class of the Companys securities.

(kk) Restricted
Stock means Shares issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock award under Section 7 of the Plan.

(ll) Restricted
Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to
Section 8. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company.

-6-

(mm) Rule 16b-3
means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect
to the Plan.

(nn) Section 16(b)
means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.

(oo) Service
Provider means an Employee, Director or Independent Contractor.

(pp) Share
means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan.

(qq) Stock
Appreciation Right means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an Option, that pursuant to Section 9 is designated
as a Stock Appreciation Right.

(rr) Subsidiary
means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the corporations
other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting power
of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Subsidiary on a date
after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Subsidiary commencing as of such date.

(ss) Tax-Related
Items means income tax, social insurance or other social contributions, national insurance, social security, payroll tax, fringe
benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items.

3. Stock Subject to the Plan.

(a) Stock Subject to the Plan.
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan is
10,068,911 Shares, which number is the sum of (i) 3,700,000 new Shares plus (ii) any Shares that, as of the Effective Date,
have been reserved but not issued pursuant to any awards granted under the Companys 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Existing
Plan) and are not subject to any awards granted thereunder in an amount not to exceed 520,344 Shares, and (iii) any Shares
subject to awards under the Existing Plan that otherwise would have been returned to the Existing Plan on or after the Effective Date
on account of the expiration, cancellation, forfeiture or repurchase of awards granted thereunder in an amount not to exceed 5,848,567
Shares. The Shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the provisions
of Section 14 below, in no event shall the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan pursuant to Incentive
Stock Options exceed the number set forth in this Section 3(a) plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the Code
and the regulations promulgated thereunder, any Shares that again become available for issuance pursuant to Section 3(b).

(b) Lapsed
Awards. To the extent an Award should expire or be forfeited or become unexercisable for any reason without having been exercised
in full, or is surrendered pursuant to an Exchange Program, the unissued Shares that were subject thereto shall, unless the Plan shall
have been terminated, continue to be available under the Plan for issuance pursuant to future Awards. In addition, any Shares which are
retained by the Company upon exercise of an Award in order to satisfy the exercise or purchase price for such Award or any withholding
taxes due with respect to such Award shall be treated as not issued and shall continue to be available under the Plan for issuance pursuant
to future Awards. Shares issued under the Plan and later forfeited to the Company due to the failure to vest or repurchased by the Company
at the original purchase price paid to the Company for the Shares (including, without limitation, upon forfeiture to or repurchase by
the Company in connection with a Participant ceasing to be a Service Provider) shall again be available for future grant under the Plan.
To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number
of Shares available for issuance under the Plan.

-7-

4. Administration
of the Plan.

(a) Procedure.

(i) Multiple
Administrative Bodies. Different Committees with respect to different groups of Service Providers may administer the Plan.

(ii) Rule 16b-3.
To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder will
be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.

(iii) Other
Administration. Other than as provided above, the Plan will be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which committee
will be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws.

(b) Powers
of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion:

(i) to
determine the Fair Market Value in accordance with Section 2(c);

(ii) to
select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder;

(iii) to
determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;

(iv) to
approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan;

(v) to
determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder; such terms and conditions
include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance
criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the
Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator will determine;

(vi) to
institute and determine the terms and conditions of an Exchange Program; provided however, that the Committee shall not implement an Exchange
Program without the approval of the holders of a majority of the Shares that are present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at
any annual or special meeting of Companys stockholders;

-8-

(vii) to
construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan;

(viii) to
prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations established for the
purpose of satisfying applicable non-U.S. laws, for qualifying for favorable tax treatment under applicable non-U.S. laws or facilitating
compliance with non-U.S. laws (sub-plans may be created for any of these purposes);

(ix) to
modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 21 of the Plan), including but not limited to the discretionary authority to extend
the post-termination exercisability period of Awards, to accelerate vesting and to extend the maximum term of an Option (subject to Section 6(b) of
the Plan regarding Incentive Stock Options);

(x) to
allow Participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations in such manner as prescribed in Section 15 of the Plan;

(xi) to
authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by
the Administrator;

(xii) to
allow a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that would otherwise be due to such Participant
under an Award; and

(xiii) to
make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan.

(c) Effect
of Administrators Decision. The Administrators decisions, determinations and interpretations will be final and
binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards.

(d) Delegation
by the Committee. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Committee, in its sole discretion and on such terms and conditions
as it may provide, may delegate all or any part of its authority and powers under the Plan to one or more Directors or officers of the
Company.

5. Award
Eligibility. Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and
Performance Units may be granted to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees.

-9-

6. Stock
Options.

(a) Limitations.
Each Option will be designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. However, notwithstanding
such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable
for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), such Options will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 6(a), Incentive
Stock Options will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined
as of the date the Option with respect to such Shares is granted. With respect to the Committees authority in Section 4(b)(ix),
if, at the time of any such extension, the exercise price per Share of the Option is less than the Fair Market Value of a Share, the extension
shall, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, be limited to the earlier of (1) the maximum term of the Option as set by its
original terms, or (2) ten (10) years from the grant date. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, any extension of the
term of an Option pursuant to this Section 4(b)(ix) shall comply with Code Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid
taxation thereunder.

(b) Term
of Option. The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the term will
be ten (10) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement. Moreover, in the case of
an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more
than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term
of the Incentive Stock Option will be five (5) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award
Agreement.

(c) Option
Exercise Price and Consideration.

(i) Exercise
Price. The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option will be determined by the Administrator,
subject to the following:

(1) In
the case of an Incentive Stock Option

(A) granted to an Employee who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing
more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise
price will be no less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

(B) granted to any Employee other than an Employee described in paragraph (A) immediately above, the
per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

(2) In
the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option, the per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market
Value per Share on the date of grant.

(3) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Options may be granted with a per Share exercise price of less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value
per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with, Section 424(a) of the
Code.

-10-

(ii) Waiting
Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the Option may be
exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised.

(iii) Form of
Consideration. The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method
of payment. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration at the time
of grant. Such consideration for both types of Options may consist entirely of: (1) cash; (2) check; (3) promissory note,
to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, (4) other Shares, provided that such Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender
equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option will be exercised and provided that accepting such Shares
will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion; (5) consideration
received by the Company under a broker-assisted (or other) cashless exercise program (whether through a broker or otherwise) implemented
by the Company in connection with the Plan; (6) by net exercise; (7) such other consideration and method of payment for the
issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws; or (8) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.

(d) Exercise
of Option.

(i) Procedure
for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder. Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at
such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised
for a fraction of a Share.

An Option will be deemed exercised
when the Company receives: (i) a notice of exercise (in such form as the Administrator may specify from time to time) from the person
entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with
full payment of any applicable taxes or other amounts required to be withheld or deducted with respect to the Option). Full payment may
consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the Administrator and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan.
Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant or, if requested by the Participant, in the name
of the Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company
or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will
exist with respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to
be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the
record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 14 of the Plan.

(ii) Termination
of Relationship as a Service Provider. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the Participants termination
as the result of the Participants death, Disability or Cause, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period
of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later
than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement,
the Option will remain exercisable for three (3) months following the Participants termination. Unless otherwise provided
by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by
the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within
the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.

-11-

(iii) Disability
of Participant. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participants Disability, the Participant
may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent the Option is vested on
the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). In
the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the Participants
termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or
her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant
does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option
will revert to the Plan.

(iv) Death
of Participant. If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option may be exercised following the Participants death
within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of death (but in
no event may the Option be exercised later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement), by the
Participants designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to Participants death in a form
acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option may be exercised by the
personal representative of the Participants estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option is transferred pursuant to the Participants
will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option
will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following Participants death. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if
on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of
the Option will revert to the Plan. If the Option is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and
the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.

(v) Termination
for Cause. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of being terminated for Cause, any outstanding Option (including
any vested portion thereof) held by such Participant shall immediately terminate in its entirety upon the Participant being first notified
of his or her termination for Cause and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option from and after the date of
such termination. All the Participants rights under any Option, including the right to exercise the Option, may be suspended pending
an investigation of whether Participant will be terminated for Cause.

-12-

7. Restricted
Stock.

(a) Grant
of Restricted Stock. Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant
Shares of Restricted Stock to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.

(b) Restricted
Stock Agreement. Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Period of Restriction,
the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. Unless
the Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold Shares of Restricted Stock until the restrictions on such
Shares have lapsed.

(c) Transferability.
Except as provided in this Section 7 or the Award Agreement, Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned,
or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction.

(d) Other
Restrictions. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions on Shares of Restricted Stock as it may
deem advisable or appropriate.

(e) Removal
of Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7, Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted Stock
grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the Period of Restriction or at such
other time as the Administrator may determine. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions
will lapse or be removed.

(f) Voting
Rights. During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder may exercise full
voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise.

(g) Return
of Restricted Stock to Company. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions have not
lapsed will be cancelled and returned as unissued shares to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan.

8. Restricted
Stock Units.

(a) Grant.
Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. After the Administrator determines
that it will grant Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, it will advise the Participant in an Award Agreement of the terms, conditions,
and restrictions (if any) related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units.

(b) Vesting
Criteria and Other Terms. The Administrator will set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the
criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may
set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued
employment), or any other basis (including the passage of time) determined by the Administrator in its discretion.

-13-

(c) Earning
Restricted Stock Units. Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will be entitled to receive a payout as determined
by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its
sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout.

(d) Form and
Timing of Payment. Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made upon the date(s) determined by the Administrator and
set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may only settle earned Restricted Stock Units in cash, Shares,
or a combination of both.

(e) Cancellation.
On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all Shares underlying any unvested, unlapsed unearned Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited
to the Company for future issuance.

9. Stock
Appreciation Rights.

(a) Grant
of Stock Appreciation Rights. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to Service
Providers at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion.

(b) Number
of Shares. The Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Stock Appreciation Rights granted to any Service
Provider.

(c) Exercise
Price and Other Terms. The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right
will be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the
date of grant. Otherwise, the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, will have complete discretion to determine the terms
and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan.

(d) Stock
Appreciation Right Agreement. Each Stock Appreciation Right grant will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the exercise
price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator,
in its sole discretion, will determine.

(e) Expiration
of Stock Appreciation Rights. A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will expire upon the date determined by the Administrator,
in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 6(b) relating
to the maximum term and Section 6(d) relating to exercise also will apply to Stock Appreciation Rights.

-14-

(f) Payment
of Stock Appreciation Right Amount. Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment
from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying:

(i) The
difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; times

(ii) The
number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised.

At the discretion of the Administrator,
the payment upon Stock Appreciation Right exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof.

10. Performance
Units and Performance Shares.

(a) Grant
of Performance Units/Shares. Performance Units and Performance Shares may be granted to Service Providers at any time and from time
to time, as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Administrator will have complete discretion in determining
the number of Performance Units and Performance Shares granted to each Participant.

(b) Value
of Performance Units/Shares. Each Performance Unit will have an initial value that is established by the Administrator on or before
the date of grant. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant.

(c) Performance
Goals and Other Terms. The Administrator will set Performance Goals or other vesting provisions (including, without limitation, continued
status as a Service Provider) in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number or value
of Performance Units/Shares that will be paid out to the Service Providers. Each Award of Performance Units/Shares will be evidenced by
an Award Agreement that will specify the Performance Period, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion,
will determine. Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee shall adjust any Performance Goals or other feature of an Award that relates
to or is wholly or partially based on the number of, or the value of, any stock of the Company, to reflect any stock dividend or split,
repurchase, recapitalization, combination, or exchange of shares or other similar changes in such stock.

(d) Earning
of Performance Units/Shares. After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance Units/Shares will be entitled
to receive a payout of the number of Performance Units/Shares earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined
as a function of the extent to which the corresponding Performance Goals or other vesting provisions have been achieved. After the grant
of a Performance Unit/Share, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any Performance Goals or other vesting provisions
for such Performance Unit/Share.

(e) Form and
Timing of Payment of Performance Units/Shares. Payment of earned Performance Units/Shares will be made upon the time set forth in
the applicable Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Units/Shares in the form of cash,
in Shares (which have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the value of the earned Performance Units/Shares at the close of the applicable
Performance Period) or in a combination thereof.

-15-

(f) Cancellation
of Performance Units/Shares. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested Performance Units/Shares will
be forfeited to the Company, and again will be available for grant under the Plan.

11. Dividends,
Dividend Equivalents and Other Distributions. Dividends or other distributions may be paid or
credited, as applicable, with respect to any Shares subject to an Award, as determined by the Administrator and contained in the applicable
Award Agreement, which may take the form of dividend equivalents or otherwise; provided,
however, that (i) dividends or other distributions (including dividend equivalents) may be paid or distributed with respect to
any such Shares only if, when and to the extent such Shares have vested under the terms of such Award Agreement, (ii) any dividends
or other distributions (including dividend equivalents) that are credited with respect to any such Shares will be subject to all of the
terms and conditions applicable to such Shares under the terms of such Award Agreement (including, but not limited to, any vesting conditions),
and (iii) any dividends that are credited with respect to any such Shares will be forfeited to the Company on the date, if any, such
Shares are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to a failure to meet any vesting conditions under the terms of such Award Agreement.
Dividend equivalents or otherwise may not be credited with respect to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights unless such dividend
equivalents comply with Applicable Laws, including but not limited to Section 409A of the Code.

12. Leaves
of Absence/Transfer Between Locations. The Administrator shall have the discretion to determine at any time whether and to what extent
the vesting of Awards shall be suspended during any leave of absence; provided, however, that in the absence of such determination, vesting
of Awards shall continue during any paid leave and shall be suspended during any unpaid leave (unless otherwise required by Applicable
Laws). A Participant will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Participants
employer or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, or any Subsidiary. If an Employee
is holding an Incentive Stock Option and such leave exceeds three (3) months then, for purposes of Incentive Stock Option status
only, such Employees service as an Employee shall be deemed terminated on the first (1st) day following such three (3) month
period and the Incentive Stock Option shall thereafter automatically treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option in accordance
with Applicable Laws, unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or statute, or unless provided otherwise
pursuant to a written Company policy.

13. Transferability
of Awards. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred,
or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of
the Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms
and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate.

14. Adjustments;
Dissolution or Liquidation; Merger or Change in Control.

(a) Adjustments.
In the event of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination, consolidation, recapitalization (including a recapitalization
through a large nonrecurring cash dividend) or reclassification of the Shares, subdivision of the Shares, a rights offering, a reorganization,
merger, spin-off, split-up, repurchase, or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company or other significant corporate
transaction, or other change affecting the Common Stock occurs, the Administrator, in order to prevent dilution, diminution or enlargement
of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust
the number, kind and class of securities that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, kind and price of securities covered
by each outstanding Award. Notwithstanding the forgoing, all adjustments under this Section 14 shall be made in a manner that does
not result in taxation under Code Section 409A.

-16-

(b) Dissolution
or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed winding up, dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify
each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it has not been previously
exercised or settled, an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.

(c) Corporate
Transaction. In the event of (i) a transfer of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, (ii) a merger, consolidation
or other capital reorganization or business combination transaction of the Company with or into another corporation, entity or person,
or (iii) the consummation of a transaction, or series of related transactions, in which any person (as such term is
used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3
of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Companys then outstanding capital stock (a Corporate
Transaction), each outstanding Award (vested or unvested) will be treated as the Administrator determines, which determination
may be made without the consent of any Participant and need not treat all outstanding Awards (or portion thereof) in an identical manner.
Such determination, without the consent of any Participant, may provide (without limitation) for one or more of the following in the event
of a Corporate Transaction: (A) the continuation of such outstanding Awards by the Company (if the Company is the surviving corporation);
(B) the assumption of such outstanding Awards by the surviving corporation or its parent; (C) the substitution by the surviving
corporation or its parent of new options or other equity awards for such Awards; (D) the cancellation of such Awards in exchange
for a payment to the Participants equal to the excess of (1) the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to such Awards as of the
closing date of such Corporate Transaction over (2) the exercise price or purchase price paid or to be paid (if any) for the Shares
subject to the Awards; provided further, that at the discretion of the Committee, such payment may be subject to the same conditions that
apply to the consideration that will be paid to holders of Shares in connection with the transaction; provided, however, that any payout
in connection with a terminated award shall comply with Section 409A of the Code to the extent necessary to avoid taxation thereunder;
or (c) the opportunity for Participants to exercise the Options prior to the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction and the termination
(for no consideration) upon the consummation of such Corporate Transaction of any Options not exercised prior thereto.

(d) Change
in Control. Unless otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement, in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate
and the Participant, or in any director compensation policy of the Company, in the event of a Change in Control:

(i) With
respect to each outstanding Award that is assumed or substituted in connection with a Change in Control, in the event the Participant
incurs a termination of service other than for Cause, during the 24-month period following such Change in Control, on the date of such
Termination of Service (A) such Award shall become fully vested and, if applicable, exercisable, (B) the restrictions, payment
conditions, and forfeiture conditions applicable to any such Award granted shall lapse and (C) any performance conditions imposed
with respect to such Award shall be deemed to be achieved at target performance levels.

-17-

(ii) With
respect to each outstanding Award that is not assumed or substituted in connection with a Change in Control, immediately prior to the
occurrence of the Change in Control (A) such Award shall become fully vested and, if applicable, exercisable, (B) the restrictions,
payment conditions, and forfeiture conditions applicable to any such Award granted shall lapse and (C) any performance conditions
imposed with respect to such Award shall be deemed to be achieved at target performance levels. In lieu of the foregoing, and solely with
respect to this Section 14(d)(ii), the Administrator may also provide for the cash-out of vested and unvested Awards (at target performance
levels with respect to performance-based Awards).

(iii) For
purposes of this Section 14(d), an Award shall be considered assumed or substituted for if, following the Change in Control, the
Award is of comparable value and remains subject to the same terms and conditions that were applicable to the Award immediately prior
to the Change in Control except that, if the Award related to Shares, the Award instead confers the right to receive common stock of the
acquiring entity or in the case of an amalgamation, the amalgamated company or its parent.

(iv) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if any Award is subject to Section 409A of the Code, this Section 14(d) shall be applicable only to the
extent specifically provided in the Award Agreement and as permitted pursuant to Section 15(c).

15. Tax.

(a) Withholding
Requirements. Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof) or prior to any time the Award
or Shares are subject to taxation or other Tax-Related Items, the Company and/or the Participants employer will have the power
and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any Tax-Related
Items or other items that are required to be withheld or deducted or otherwise applicable with respect to such Award.

(b) Withholding
Arrangements. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit
a Participant to satisfy such withholding or deduction obligations or any other Tax-Related Items, in whole or in part by (without limitation)
(a) paying cash, (b) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares, or (c) delivering to the
Company already-owned Shares; provided that, unless specifically permitted by the Company, any proceeds derived from a cashless exercise
must be an approved broker-assisted cashless exercise or the cash or Shares withheld or delivered must be limited to avoid financial accounting
charges under applicable accounting guidance or Shares must have been previously held for the minimum duration required to avoid financial
accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance. Except as otherwise determined by the Administrator, the Fair Market Value of
the Shares to be withheld or delivered will be determined as of the date that the amounts are required to be withheld or deducted.

-18-

(c) Compliance
With Code Section 409A. Awards will be designed and operated in such a manner that they are either exempt from the application
of, or comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject
to the additional tax or interest applicable under Code Section 409A. The Plan and each Award Agreement under the Plan is intended
to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A (or an exemption therefrom) and will be construed and interpreted in accordance
with such intent, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. To the extent that an Award or payment,
or the settlement or deferral thereof, is subject to Code Section 409A the Award will be granted, paid, settled or deferred in a
manner that will meet the requirements of Code Section 409A (or an exemption therefrom), such that the grant, payment, settlement
or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Code Section 409A. In no event will the Company
be responsible for or reimburse a Participant for any taxes or other penalties incurred as a result of applicable of Code Section 409A.

16. No
Effect on Employment or Service. Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continuing
the Participants relationship as a Service Provider with the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, nor will they interfere in
any way with the Participants right or the Companys or any Subsidiary or Affiliates right to terminate such relationship
at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.

17. Date
of Grant. The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting
such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination will be provided to each Participant
within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.

18. Corporate
Records Control. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate
action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those
in the Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Award Agreement or related grant
documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award
Agreement or related grant documents.

19. Clawback/Recovery.
All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to
adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Companys securities are
listed or as is otherwise required by the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition,
the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or
appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired Shares or other cash or property upon
the occurrence of an event constituting Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to
a right to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or similar term) under any agreement with the
Company.

20. Term
of Plan. The Existing Plan originally became effective as of the day immediately prior to the Registration Date. Subject to Section 24
of the Plan, the Plan will become effective as of the Effective Date. The Plan will terminate on September 26, 2028, unless terminated
earlier under Section 21 of the Plan.

-19-

21. Amendment
and Termination of the Plan.

(a) Amendment
and Termination. The Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.

(b) Stockholder
Approval. The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with
Applicable Laws.

(c) Effect
of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan will materially impair the rights of
any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and
signed by the Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will not affect the Administrators ability to exercise the powers
granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination.

22. Conditions
Upon Issuance of Shares.

(a) Legal
Compliance. Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise or vesting (as applicable) of an Award unless the exercise or vesting
of such Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and will be further subject to the approval
of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.

(b) Investment
Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to represent
and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention
to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required.

23. Inability
to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority
is deemed by the Companys counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company
of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority will not have been obtained.

24. Stockholder
Approval. The Plan will be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months after the date the Plan
is adopted by the Board. Such stockholder approval will be obtained in the manner and to the degree required under Applicable Laws.

25. Governing
Law. The Plan and all Awards hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of California,
but without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

-20-

TWIST BIOSCIENCE
CORPORATION

2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE
PLAN

RESTRICTED STOCK
AWARD AGREEMENT

Unless
otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Twist Bioscience Corporation 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan)
will have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Award Agreement (the Award Agreement).

I. NOTICE
OF RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT

Participant Name:

You
have been granted the right to receive an Award of Restricted Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement,
as follows:

Grant Number 

Date of Grant 

Vesting Commencement Date 

Total Number of Shares Granted 

Vesting
Schedule:

Subject
to Section 3 of the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock will vest and the Companys right to reacquire the Restricted Stock
will lapse in accordance with the following schedule:

[INSERT VESTING SCHEDULE]

-21-

By
Participants signature and the signature of the representative of Twist Bioscience Corporation (the Company)
below, or by Participant otherwise accepting this Award, Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock is granted
under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted
Stock Grant (attached as Part II of this Award Agreement and any country-specific addendum attached thereto), all of which are made
a part of this document. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain
the advice of counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Award Agreement. Participant
hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating
to the Plan and Award Agreement.

PARTICIPANT: TWIST
BIOSCIENCE CORPORATION

Signature By

Print Name Title

-22-

II. TERMS
AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT

1. Grant
of Restricted Stock. The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant attached as Part I of this Award
Agreement (the Participant) under the Plan for past services as an Employee, Director, or Independent Contractor
and as a separate incentive in connection with his or her services and not in lieu of any salary or other compensation for his or her
services, an Award of Shares of Restricted Stock, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which
is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 20 of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions
of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail.

2. Escrow
of Shares.

(a) All
Shares of Restricted Stock will, upon execution of this Award Agreement, be delivered and deposited with an escrow holder designated
by the Company (the Escrow Holder). The Shares of Restricted Stock will be held by the Escrow Holder until
such time as the Shares of Restricted Stock vest or the date Participant ceases to be a Service Provider.

(b) The
Escrow Holder will not be liable for any act it may do or omit to do with respect to holding the Shares of Restricted Stock in escrow
while acting in good faith and in the exercise of its judgment.

(c) Upon
Participants termination as a Service Provider for any reason, the Escrow Holder, upon receipt of written notice of such termination,
will take all steps necessary to accomplish the transfer of the unvested Shares of Restricted Stock to the Company. Participant hereby
appoints the Escrow Holder with full power of substitution, as Participant's true and lawful attorney in fact with irrevocable power
and authority in the name and on behalf of Participant to take any action and execute all documents and instruments, including, without
limitation, stock powers which may be necessary to transfer the certificate or certificates evidencing such unvested Shares of Restricted
Stock to the Company upon such termination.

(d) The
Escrow Holder will take all steps necessary to accomplish the transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock to Participant after they vest following
Participants request that the Escrow Holder do so.

(e) Subject
to the terms hereof, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Shares while they are held in escrow,
including without limitation, the right to vote the Shares and to receive any cash dividends declared thereon.

(f) In
the event of any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other property), recapitalization,
stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of
Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares, the Shares
of Restricted Stock will be increased, reduced or otherwise changed, and by virtue of any such change Participant will in his or her
capacity as owner of unvested Shares of Restricted Stock be entitled to new or additional or different shares of stock, cash or securities
(other than rights or warrants to purchase securities); such new or additional or different shares, cash or securities will thereupon
be considered to be unvested Shares of Restricted Stock and will be subject to all of the conditions and restrictions which were applicable
to the unvested Shares of Restricted Stock pursuant to this Award Agreement. If Participant receives rights or warrants with respect
to any unvested Shares of Restricted Stock, such rights or warrants may be held or exercised by Participant, provided that until such
exercise any such rights or warrants and after such exercise any shares or other securities acquired by the exercise of such rights or
warrants will be considered to be unvested Shares of Restricted Stock and will be subject to all of the conditions and restrictions which
were applicable to the unvested Shares of Restricted Stock pursuant to this Award Agreement.

-23-

(g) The
Company may instruct the transfer agent for its Common Stock to place a legend on the certificates representing the Restricted Stock
or otherwise note its records as to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Award Agreement.

3. Vesting
Schedule. Subject to Section 4, the Shares of Restricted Stock awarded by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with
the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Shares of Restricted Stock scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence
of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement, unless Participant will have been
continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. Service Provider status for purposes of the
Plan will end on the day that Participant is no longer actively providing services as an Employee, Director, or Independent Contractor
and will not be extended by any notice period or garden leave that may be required contractually or under Applicable Laws.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator (or any delegate) shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine when Participant
is no longer providing active service for purposes of Service Provider status and participation in the Plan.

4. Forfeiture
upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, the balance of
the Shares of Restricted Stock that have not vested as of the time Participants status as a Service Provider ceases in accordance
with Section 3 above will be forfeited and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the Company
upon the date of such termination and Participant will have no further rights thereunder. Participant will not be entitled to a refund
of the price paid for the Shares of Restricted Stock, if any, returned to the Company pursuant to this Section 4. Participant hereby
appoints the Escrow Agent with full power of substitution, as Participants true and lawful attorney-in-fact with irrevocable power
and authority in the name and on behalf of Participant to take any action and execute all documents and instruments, including, without
limitation, stock powers which may be necessary to transfer the certificate or certificates evidencing such unvested Shares to the Company
upon such termination of service.

5. Death
of Participant. Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement will, if Participant is then deceased,
be made to Participants designated beneficiary, if so allowed by the Administrator in its sole discretion, or if no beneficiary
survives Participant, the administrator or executor of Participants estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with
(a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity
of the transfer and compliance with any Applicable Laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.

-24-

6. Withholding
of Taxes. Regardless of any action the Company or Participants employer (the Employer)
takes with respect to any or all applicable national, local, or other tax or social contribution, withholding, required deductions, or
other payments, if any, that arise upon the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock or the holding or subsequent sale of Shares, and
the receipt of dividends, if any, or otherwise in connection with the Shares (Tax-Related Items), Participant
acknowledges and agrees that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by Participant is and remains Participants
responsibility and may exceed any amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges and agrees
that Participant is solely responsible for filing all relevant documentation that may be required in relation to the Shares or any Tax-Related
Items (other than filings or documentation that is the specific obligation of the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary, or Employer pursuant
to Applicable Law) such as but not limited to personal income tax returns or reporting statements in relation to the grant of Shares,
the holding of Shares or any bank or brokerage account, the subsequent sale of Shares, and the receipt of any dividends. Participant
further acknowledges that the Company and the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any
Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock, including grant or vesting, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired
under the Plan, and the receipt of dividends, if any; and (b) does not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms
of the Restricted Stock or any aspect of the Restricted Stock to reduce or eliminate Participants liability for Tax-Related Items,
or achieve any particular tax result. Participant also understands that Applicable Laws may require varying Share valuation methods for
purposes of calculating Tax-Related Items, and the Company assumes no responsibility or liability in relation to any such valuation or
for any calculation or reporting of income or Tax-Related Items that may be required of Participant under Applicable Laws. Further, if
Participant has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the date of grant and the date of any relevant taxable event,
Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account
for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, no certificate representing
the Shares of Restricted Stock may be released from the escrow established pursuant to Section 2, unless and until satisfactory
arrangements (as determined by the Administrator) will have been made by Participant with respect to the payment of any Tax-Related Items
which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to such Shares.

As
a condition to the grant and vesting of the Shares of Restricted Stock and as set forth in Section 14 of the Plan, Participant hereby
agrees to make adequate provision for the satisfaction of (and will indemnify the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary for) any Tax-Related
Items. The Tax-Related Items shall be satisfied by the Companys withholding all or a portion of any Shares of Restricted Stock
that vest; provided that amounts withheld shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Companys minimum tax withholding
obligations. Such withheld Shares shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value as of the date the withholding obligations are satisfied.
Furthermore, Participant agrees to pay the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Employer any Tax-Related Items that cannot be satisfied
by the foregoing methods.

7. Rights
as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges
of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares
will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant or the
Escrow Agent. Except as provided in Section 2, after such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights
of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares, but prior
to such issuance, Participant will not have any rights to dividends and/or distributions on such Shares.

-25-

8. No
Guarantee of Continued Service or Grants. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE SHARES OF RESTRICTED STOCK
PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF SHALL OCCUR ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE EMPLOYER OR CONTRACTING
ENTITY (AS APPLICABLE) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS RESTRICTED STOCK OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT
FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH
HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY
PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANTS RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE EMPLOYER OR THE COMPANY, PARENT,
OR SUBSIDIARY TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANTS RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.

Participant
also acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it
may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time; (b) the grant of Restricted
Stock is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock, or
benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock even if Restricted Stock have been granted repeatedly in the past; (c) all decisions with respect
to future awards of Restricted Stock, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; (d) Participants participation
in the Plan is voluntary; (e) the Restricted Stock and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock are extraordinary items that do
not constitute regular compensation for services rendered to the Company or the Employer, and that are outside the scope of Participants
employment contract, if any; (f) the Restricted Stock and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock are not intended to replace
any pension rights or compensation; (g) the Restricted Stock and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock are not part of normal
or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination,
redundancy, dismissal, or end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar
payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or the Employer,
subject to Applicable Laws.

9. Address
for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company, in care
of its Secretary at Twist Bioscience Corporation, 681 Gateway Blvd, South San Francisco, CA 94080, or at such other address as the Company
may hereafter designate in writing.

10. Grant
is Not Transferable. Except to the limited extent provided in Section 5, the unvested Shares subject to this grant and the rights
and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or
otherwise) and may not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge,
hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any unvested Shares of Restricted Stock subject to this grant, or any right or privilege conferred
hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred
hereby immediately will become null and void.

-26-

11. Binding
Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Award Agreement will be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

12. Additional
Conditions; Release from Escrow. The Company will not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for Shares hereunder or
release such Shares from the escrow established pursuant to Section 2 prior to fulfillment of all the following conditions: (a) the
admission of such Shares to listing on all stock exchanges on which such class of stock is then listed; (b) the completion of any
registration or other qualification of such Shares under any Applicable Laws or under the rulings or regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the securities exchange on which the Shares are then registered, which
the Administrator will, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable; (c) the obtaining of any approval or other clearance
from any state or federal governmental agency, which the Administrator will, in its absolute discretion, determine to be necessary or
advisable; and (d) the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of grant of the Restricted Stock as the Administrator
may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience.

Furthermore,
the Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participants participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock
and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with
Applicable Laws or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings
that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, Participant understands that the Applicable Laws of the country in which
he or she is resident at the time of grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock or the holding or disposition of Shares (including any
rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor or other matters) may restrict or prevent the issuance of
Shares or may subject Participant to additional procedural or regulatory requirements he or she is solely responsible for and will have
to independently fulfill in relation to the Restricted Stock or the Shares. Notwithstanding any provision herein, the Restricted Stock
and any Shares shall be subject to any special terms and conditions or disclosures as set forth in any addendum for Participants
country (the Country-Specific Addendum, which forms part this Award Agreement). Participant also understands and agrees
that if he works, resides, moves to, or otherwise is or becomes subject to Applicable Laws or company policies of another jurisdiction
at any time, certain country-specific notices, disclaimers and/or terms and conditions may apply to him as from the date of grant, unless
otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion.

13. Reserved.

-27-

14. Plan
Governs. This Award Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more
provisions of this Award Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms
used and not defined in this Award Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Plan.

15. Administrator
Authority. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for
the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including,
but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Shares of Restricted Stock have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations
and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested
persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith
with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement.

16. Electronic
Delivery and Acceptance; Translation. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Shares
of Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request
Participants consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by
electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the
Company or another third party designated by the Company. If Participant has received this Award Agreement, including appendices, or
any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English, and the meaning of the translated version is different
than the English version, the English version will control.

17. Captions.
Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement.

18. Agreement
Severable. In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be
severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this
Award Agreement.

19. Modifications
to the Award Agreement. This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant
expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements
other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract
executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the
Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the
consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A of the Code or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income
recognition under Section 409A of the Code in connection to this Award of Restricted Stock.

20. Data
Privacy. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of Participants Personal Data (as described below) by and among, as applicable, the Company, any Parent, Subsidiary, or
affiliate, or third parties as may be selected by the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participants
participation in the Plan. Participant understands that refusal or withdrawal of consent will affect Participants ability to participate
in the Plan; without providing consent, Participant will not be able to participate in the Plan or realize benefits (if any) from the
Restricted Stock.

-28-

Participant
understands that the Company and any Parent, Subsidiary, affiliate, or designated third parties may hold personal information about Participant,
including, but not limited to, Participants name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or
other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company or any Parent,
Subsidiary, or affiliate, details of all Restricted Stock or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested
or outstanding in Participants favor (Personal Data). Participant understands that Personal Data may be transferred
to any Parent, Subsidiary, affiliate, or third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that
these recipients may be located in the United States, Participants country (if different than the United States), or elsewhere,
and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participants country. In particular,
the Company may transfer Personal Data to the broker or stock plan administrator assisting with the Plan, to its legal counsel and tax/accounting
advisor, and to the affiliate or entity that is Participants employer and its payroll provider.

Participant
should also refer to any data privacy policy implemented by the Company (which will be available to Participant separately and may be
updated from time to time) for more information regarding the collection, use, storage, and transfer of Participants Personal
Data.

21. Foreign
Exchange Fluctuations and Restrictions. Participant understands and agrees that the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown
and cannot be predicted with certainty and may decrease. Participant also understands that neither the Company, nor any affiliate is
responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between local currency and the United States Dollar or the selection by the Company
or any affiliate in its sole discretion of an applicable foreign currency exchange rate that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock
or Shares received (or the calculation of income or Tax-Related Items thereunder). Participant understands and agrees that unless otherwise
permitted by the Company any cross-border remittance made to transfer proceeds received upon the sale of Shares must be made through
a locally authorized financial institution or registered foreign exchange agency and may require the Participant to provide such entity
with certain information regarding the transaction.

22. Amendment,
Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award
of Restricted Stock under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the
Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time.

23. Governing
Law and Venue. This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to the conflict
of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Award of Restricted Stock or this Award Agreement,
the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California, and agree that such litigation will be conducted
in the courts of San Francisco County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California,
and no other courts.

o O o

-29-

Country-Specific
Addendum

This Addendum includes
additional country-specific notices, disclaimers, and/or terms and conditions that apply to individuals who are working or residing in
the countries listed below and that may be material to Participants participation in the Plan. Such notices, disclaimers, and/or
terms and conditions may also apply, as from the date of grant, if Participant moves to or otherwise is or becomes subject to the Applicable
Laws or company policies of the country listed. However, because foreign exchange regulations and other local laws are subject to frequent
change, Participant is advised to seek advice from his or her own personal legal and tax advisor prior to accepting the Restricted Stock
or holding or selling Shares acquired under the Plan. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company
making any recommendations regarding Participants acceptance of the Restricted Stock or participation in the Plan. Unless otherwise
noted below, capitalized terms shall have the same meaning assigned to them under the Plan, the Notice of Restricted Stock Grant and
the Award Agreement. This Addendum forms part of the Award Agreement and should be read in conjunction with the Award Agreement and the
Plan.

Securities Law
Notice: Unless otherwise noted, neither the Company nor the Shares are registered with any local stock exchange or under the control
of any local securities regulator outside the United States. The Award Agreement (of which this Addendum is a part), the Notice of Restricted
Stock Grant, the Plan, and any other communications or materials that you may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute
advertising or an offering of securities outside the United States, and the issuance of securities described in any Plan-related documents
is not intended for public offering or circulation in your jurisdiction.

European Union (EU)/European
Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland 

Data
Privacy.Where Participant is a resident of the EU/EEA
or Switzerland, the following provision applies and supplements Section 20 of the Award Agreement.
Participant understands and acknowledges that:

The
data controller is the Company; queries or requests regarding the Participants Personal Data should be made in writing to
the Companys representative relating to the Plan or Restricted Stock matters, who may be contacted at: Paula Green, VP Human
Resources;

The
legal basis for the processing of Personal Data is that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the
Participant is a party (namely, this Award Agreement);

Personal
Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participants participation in the Plan;

He
or she may, at any time, access his or her Personal Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Personal
Data, require any necessary amendments to Personal Data without cost or exercise any other rights they may have in relation to their
Personal Data under applicable law, including the right to make a complaint to an EU data protection regulator.

France 

Foreign
Ownership Reporting. Residents of France with foreign
account balances in excess of EUR 1 million or its equivalent must report monthly to the Bank
of France.

Consent
to Receive Information in English. By accepting the Restricted Stock,
you confirm having read and understood the Plan and the Agreement, which were provided in the English language.
You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. En acceptant cette attribution gratuite dactions,
vous confirmez avoir lu et comprenez le Plan et ce Contrat, incluant tous leurs termes et conditions, qui
ont t transmis en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les dispositions de ces documents en connaissance
de cause.

Israel 

Israel
Sub-Plan. This grant is also subject to the Sub-Plan
for Israeli Participants and is hereby designated as follows:

______102
Capital Gain Track Award

______102
Ordinary Income Track Award

______102
Non-Trustee Award

______3(9) Award

The terms used
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan and Israeli Sub-Plan. In the event of any conflict, whether explicit or
implied, between the provision of this Award Agreement and the Sub-Plan, the provisions set out in the Sub-Plan shall prevail. By
accepting this grant, you acknowledge that a copy of the Israeli Sub-Plan has been provided to you. The Israeli Sub-Plan may also
be obtained by contacting the Manager HR, Tel Aviv.

To
the extent the Restricted Stock is designatedabove as either a 102 Capital Gain Track Award
or a 102 Ordinary Income Track Award, Participant declares and acknowledges that he or she: (i) fully understands that Section 102
applies to the Restricted Stock specified in this Notice of Restricted Stock Grant and Award Agreement; (ii) understands the
provisions of Section 102, the tax track chosen and the implications thereof; (iii) agrees to the terms of the Trust Agreement
between the Company and the Trustee, as well as the requirements of the Israeli Tax Authority, (iv) understands that releasing
the Shares from the control or holding of the Trustee prior to the termination of the Required Holding Period constitutes a violation
of the terms of Section 102 and agrees to bear the relevant sanctions; (v) authorizes the Company and/or the applicable
Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate to provide the Trustee with any information required for the purpose of administering the Plan including
executing its obligations under the Ordinance, the trust deed and the Trust Agreement, including without limitation information about
his/her Shares, income tax rates, salary bank account, contact details and identification number; and (vii) declares that he/she
is a resident of the State of Israel for tax purposes on the Grant Date and agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence
address indicated above and acknowledges that if he/she ceases to be an Israeli resident or if his/her engagement with the Company
or a Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate is terminated, the Shares shall remain subject to Section 102, the Trust Agreement, the
Plan, the Sub-Plan, and this Agreement.

The grant of the Restricted Stock is conditioned upon Participant signing all documents requested by the Company, the Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate, or the Trustee, in accordance with the Trust Agreement.

A copy of the Trust Agreement is available
for Participants review, during normal working hours at his or her local entitys
offices. 

With respect to 102 Trustee Award, the Shares issued upon exercise or vesting of such 102 Trustee Award shall be issued to and in the name of the Trustee on behalf of Participant, and shall be held by the Trustee in trust on behalf of Participant; provided, however, that in the event Participant elects to receive the Shares directly to his/her possession, the transfer from the Trustee shall be subject to the payment of any and all applicable taxes by Participant, to the satisfaction of each of the Trustee and the Company, until the full payment of required taxes, as applicable.

Further to Section 11 of the Award Agreement, with respect to 102 Trustee Award, Participant shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, give as a collateral, or grant any right to any third party or release from trust any Restricted Stock and any Share received and/or any additional rights, including bonus shares that may be distributed to Participant in connection with such 102 Trustee Award (the Additional Rights), which will be allocated to the Trustee on behalf of Participant and shall be held in trust or controlled by the Trustee for the benefit of Participant, until at least the lapse of the Required Holding Period. Notwithstanding the above, if any such sale or release occurs during the Required Holding Period, the sanctions under Section 102 shall apply to and shall be borne by Participant. At the end of the Required Holding Period, the Restricted Stock or Shares underlying the Restricted Stock or any Additional Rights may be transferred to Participant upon his or her demand, but only under the condition that the tax due in accordance with Section 102 is paid to the satisfaction of the Trustee and the Company. With respect to any Award granted by the Company pursuant to Section 102(c) of the Ordinance (which provides for ordinary income Awards administered by the Trustee), the Award and all rights (if any) that accrue thereon shall be allocated or issued to the Trustee, who shall hold such Award and all rights accrued thereon (if any) in trust for the benefit of Participant and/or the Company, as the case may be, until the full payment of required taxes arising from such Award and/or rights accrued thereon (if any).

Any fees associated with any vesting, exercise, sale, transfer or any act in relation to the Awards shall be borne by the Participant, and the Trustee, the Company, and/or any Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate shall be entitled to withhold or deduct such fees from payments otherwise due to the Participant from the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate, or the Trustee.

Notwithstanding
Section 24 of the Award Agreement, the Ordinance will apply to the tax treatment of
grants made under the Israeli Sub-Plan (and requirements and restrictions related thereto).

Securities
Law Notice. If required under applicable law, the Company shall use reasonable efforts to receive a securities exemption from
the Israeli Securities Authority to avoid the requirement to file an Israeli securities prospectus in relation to the Plan. If such
exemption is obtained, copies of the Plan and the Form S-8 or S-1 registration statement for the Plan as filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission will be made available by request from Manager HR, Tel Aviv. A Hebrew translation may be provided
upon request.

Japan 

Securities
Law Notice. With respect to the Restricted Stock,
the Company hereby informs you that (a) a filing under the provisions of Article 4,
Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (FIEL) has
not been made, as any solicitation of Restricted Stock constitutes a private placement to
a small number of investors (shoninzu muke kanyu) as provided under Article 23-13,
Paragraph 4, Item 1 (i) of the FIEL, and (b) the Restricted Stock may not
be transferred (including a transfer thereof in whole) other than by will or by the laws
of descent or distribution (subject to compliance with Applicable Laws).

. RS(a) RS23134141(b) RS

Share
Ownership and Payment Reporting.If you acquire Shares valued at more than 100,000,000
total, you must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance (MOF) through the Bank of Japan within
20 days of the acquisition of the Shares.

Exit
Tax. Please note that you may be subject to tax on your Restricted Stock, even prior to
vesting, if you relocate from Japan if you (1) hold financial assets with an aggregate value of 100,000,000 or more upon
departure from Japan and (2) maintained a principle place of residence (jusho) or temporary place of abode (kyosho)
in Japan for 5 years or more during the 10-year period immediately prior to departing Japan. You should discuss your tax treatment
with your personal tax advisor.

Singapore 

Securities
Law Notice. This offer and the Shares to be issued
hereunder shall be made available through this platform/facility and are offered to you in
reliance on the exemption under section 272A (1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter
289) of Singapore (the SFA). These offers are not made in or accompanied by
a prospectus that is registered by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the Authority).
Apart from being subjected to the general resale restriction under Section 257 of the
SFA, any and all Shares to be issued hereunder shall therefore not be subsequently sold to
any person, unless the offer resulting in such subsequent sale is made in compliance
with Subdivisions (2) and (3) of Part XII Division (1), in reliance on subsection (8)(c) or
any other exemption under any provision of Subdivision (4) of Part XII Division
(1) (other than this subsection), or where at least 6 months have elapsed from the date
the securities were acquired under the initial offer, in reliance on the exemption under
this subsection.

Director
Reporting. If you are a director or shadow director of a Singapore Subsidiary, you may be
subject to special reporting requirements with regard to the acquisition of shares or rights over Shares. Please contact your personal
legal advisor for further details if you are a director or shadow director.

Exit
Tax / Deemed Exercise Rule. If you are deemed by the Singapore tax authorities to have received
Options in relation to your employment in Singapore, notwithstanding the fact that you are not employed by the Company or any Parent
or Subsidiary, please note that if, prior to the exercise of the Options, you are 1) a permanent resident of Singapore and leave
Singapore permanently or are transferred out of Singapore; or 2) neither a Singapore citizen nor permanent resident and either cease
employment in Singapore or leave Singapore for any period exceeding 3 months, you will likely be taxed on the Options on a deemed
exercise basis, even if your Options have not yet vested. You should discuss your tax treatment with your personal tax
advisor. 

United Kingdom 

The
following supplements Section 6 of the Agreement:

Withholding
of Tax. If payment or withholding of the Tax-Related Items is not made within ninety
(90) days of the end of the UK tax year in which the event giving rise to the Tax-Related Items occurs (the Due Date)
or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003, the amount
of any uncollected Tax-Related Items will constitute a loan owed by Participant to the Employer, effective on the Due Date. 
Participant agrees that the loan will bear interest at the then-current Official Rate of Her Majestys Revenue and Customs
(HMRC), it will be immediately due and repayable, and the Company or the employer may recover it at any time thereafter
by any of the means referred to in Section 6 of the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is a director
or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended), Participant will not be eligible for such a loan to cover the Tax-Related Items. In the event that Participant
is a director or executive officer and the Tax-Related Items are not collected from or paid by Participant by the Due Date, the amount
of any uncollected Tax-Related Items will constitute a benefit to Participant on which additional income tax and national insurance
contributions will be payable. Participant will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional
benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime.

HMRC
National Insurance Contributions. Participant agrees that (a) Tax-Related Items
within Section 6 of the Award Agreement shall include any secondary class 1 (employer) National Insurance Contributions that
(i) any employer (or former employer) of Participant is liable to pay (or reasonably believes it is liable to pay); and (ii) may
be lawfully recovered from Participant; and (b) if required to do so by the Company (at any time when the relevant election
can be made) Participant shall: (i) make a joint election (with the employer or former employer) in the form provided by the
Company to transfer to Participant the whole or any part of the employers liability; and (ii) enter into arrangements
required by HM Revenue & Customs (or any other tax authority) to secure the payment of the transferred liability.

Restricted
Securities Elections. Unless this requirement is waived by the Company, Participant
shall enter into a joint election (with the appropriate employer) under section 431(1) or section 431(2) of Income Tax
(Earnings & Pensions) Act 2003 in respect of:

(a) any
Shares acquired (or to be acquired) under this Award;

(b) any
securities acquired (or to be acquired) as a result of any surrender of the Award; and

(c) any
securities acquired (or to be acquired) as a result of holding either Shares acquired under this Award or securities specified in
paragraph (b) above or this paragraph (c).

TWIST BIOSCIENCE
CORPORATION

2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE
PLAN

RESTRICTED STOCK
UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

Unless
otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Twist Bioscience Corporation 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan)
will have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement).

I. NOTICE
OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT

Participant
Name: [Participant Name]

You
have been granted the right to receive an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award
Agreement, as follows:

Grant Number [Client Grant
ID] 

Date of Grant [Grant Date] 

Vesting Commencement Date [Vest from Hire Date] 

Number of Restricted Stock Units [Number of Shares Granted] 

Vesting
Schedule:

Subject
to Section 3 of the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units will vest in accordance with the schedule provided on Fidelitys
NetBenefits (https://nb.fidelity.com/public/nb/default/home).

In
the event Participant ceases to be a Service Provider (or gives or is given notice of such termination) before Participant vests in the
Restricted Stock Unit, the Restricted Stock Unit and Participants right to acquire any Shares hereunder will terminate in accordance
with Section 3 of the Award Agreement.

[Signature
Page Follows]

By
Participants signature and the signature of the representative of Twist Bioscience Corporation (the Company)
below, or by Participant otherwise accepting this Award, Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units
is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of
Restricted Stock Unit Grant (attached as Part II of this Award Agreement and any country-specific addendum attached thereto), all
of which are made a part of this document. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity
to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Award Agreement.
Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions
relating to the Plan and Award Agreement.

PARTICIPANT: TWIST BIOSCIENCE
CORPORATION

Participants Name By: Chief Executive Officer

Electronic Signature 

Acceptance Date 

II. TERMS
AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT

1. Grant.
The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant attached as Part I of this Award Agreement (the Participant)
under the Plan an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which
is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 20 of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions
of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail.

2. Companys
Obligation to Pay. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a Share on the date it vests. Unless and until the
Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Section 3, Participant will have no right to payment of any such
Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Units will represent an unsecured
obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance
with Section 3 will be paid to Participant (or in the event of Participants death, to his or her estate) in whole Shares
as set forth herein, subject to Participant satisfying any Tax-Related Items as set forth in Section 7. Subject to the provisions
of Section 4, such vested Restricted Stock Units will be paid in whole Shares as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each
such case within the period ending no later than the date that is two and one-half (2) months from the end of the Companys
tax year that includes the vesting date. In no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year
of the payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable under this Award Agreement.

3. Vesting
Schedule. Subject to Section 5, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the
vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence
of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement, unless Participant will have been
continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. Service Provider status for purposes of this
Award will end on the day that Participant is no longer actively providing services as an Employee, Director, or Independent Contractor
and will not be extended by any notice period or garden leave that may be required contractually or under Applicable Laws.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator (or any delegate) shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine when Participant
is no longer providing active service for purposes of Service Provider status and participation in the Plan.

4. Administrator
Discretion. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some
lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with Participants termination as a Service
Provider (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined
by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) Participant is a specified employee within the meaning
of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock
Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month
period following Participants termination as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will
not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participants termination as a Service
Provider, unless the Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units
will be paid in Shares to the Participants estate as soon as practicable following his or her death. It is the intent of this
Award Agreement that it and all payments and benefits hereunder be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A
so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional
tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable
under this Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2).
For purposes of this Award Agreement, Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, and any final U.S. Treasury
Regulations and U.S. Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.

5. Forfeiture
upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, the balance of
the Restricted Stock Units that have not vested as of the time Participants status as a Service Provider ceases in accordance
with Section 3 above and Participants right to acquire any Shares hereunder will immediately terminate.

6. Death
of Participant. Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement will, if Participant is then deceased,
be made to Participants designated beneficiary, if so allowed by the Administrator in its sole discretion, or if no beneficiary
survives Participant, the administrator or executor of Participants estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with
(a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity
of the transfer and compliance with any Applicable Laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.

7. Withholding
of Taxes. Regardless of any action the Company or Participants employer (the Employer) takes with
respect to any or all applicable national, local, or other tax or social contribution, withholding, required deductions, or other payments,
if any, that arise upon the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the holding or subsequent sale of Shares, and the receipt
of dividends, if any, or otherwise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units or the Shares (Tax-Related Items),
Participant acknowledges and agrees that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by Participant is and remains Participants
responsibility and may exceed any amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges and agrees
that Participant is solely responsible for filing all relevant documentation that may be required in relation to the Restricted Stock
Units or any Tax-Related Items (other than filings or documentation that is the specific obligation of the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary,
or Employer pursuant to Applicable Law) such as but not limited to personal income tax returns or reporting statements in relation to
the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the holding of Shares or any bank or brokerage account, the subsequent
sale of Shares, and the receipt of any dividends. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and the Employer (a) make no
representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock
Units, including grant or vesting, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired under the Plan, and the receipt of dividends, if any; and (b) does
not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the Restricted Stock Units or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units
to reduce or eliminate Participants liability for Tax-Related Items, or achieve any particular tax result. Participant also understands
that Applicable Laws may require varying Share or Restricted Stock Unit valuation methods for purposes of calculating Tax-Related Items,
and the Company assumes no responsibility or liability in relation to any such valuation or for any calculation or reporting of income
or Tax-Related Items that may be required of Participant under Applicable Laws. Further, if Participant has become subject to tax in
more than one jurisdiction between the date of grant and the date of any relevant taxable event, Participant acknowledges that the Company
and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one
jurisdiction. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, no certificate representing the Shares will be issued to
Participant, unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Administrator) will have been made by Participant with
respect to the payment of any Tax-Related Items which the Company determines must be withheld with respect to such Shares.

As
a condition to the grant and vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and as set forth in Section 14 of the Plan, Participant hereby
agrees to make adequate provision for the satisfaction of (and will indemnify the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary for) any Tax-Related
Items. In this regard, Participant authorizes the Company and/or the Employer or their respective agents, at their discretion, to
satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (i) by
receipt of a cash payment from Participant; (ii) by withholding from Participants wages or other cash compensation paid to
Participant by the Company or the Employer; (iii) withholding Shares that otherwise would be issued to Participant upon payment
of the vested Restricted Share Units (provided that amounts withheld shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Companys
minimum tax withholding obligations); (iv) by withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon payment of the vested
Restricted Share Units through a voluntary sale or a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participants behalf pursuant to
this authorization), or (v) by any other arrangement approved by the Administrator. Absent any determination by the Administrator
to the contrary, Company, or any Parent, Subsidiary or Employer obligations for Tax-Related Items arising from the vesting and/or settlement
of Restricted Stock Units into Shares, will, as a default method, be satisfied by a mandatory open market broker-assisted sale of a sufficient
number of Shares acquired upon the payment of the vested Restricted Units to satisfy such obligations (Sell-to-Cover).
Furthermore, Participant agrees to pay the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Employer any Tax-Related Items that cannot be satisfied
by the foregoing methods.

8. Rights
as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges
of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares
will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant. After
such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting
such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares, but prior to such issuance, Participant will not have any rights
to dividends and/or distributions on such Shares.

9. No
Guarantee of Continued Service or Grants. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF SHALL OCCUR ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE EMPLOYER OR CONTRACTING
ENTITY (AS APPLICABLE) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS OR ACQUIRING SHARES
HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING
SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING
PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANTS RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR ANY
PARENT, SUBSIDIARY, OR EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANTS RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE,
SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAWS.

Participant
also acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it
may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time; (b) the grant of Restricted Stock Units is voluntary
and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in
lieu of Restricted Stock Units even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past; (c) all decisions with respect
to future awards of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; (d) Participants participation
in the Plan is voluntary; (e) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are extraordinary
items that do not constitute regular compensation for services rendered to the Company or the Employer, and that are outside the scope
of Participants employment contract, if any; (f) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock
Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; (g) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the
Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating
any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, or end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or
retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to,
past services for the Company or the Employer, subject to Applicable Laws.

10. Address
for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company, in care
of its Secretary at Twist Bioscience Corporation, 681 Gateway Blvd, South San Francisco, CA 94080, or at such other address as the Company
may hereafter designate in writing.

11. Grant
is Not Transferable. Except to the limited extent provided in Section 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred
hereby may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of Applicable Laws or otherwise) and
may not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate
or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment
or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.

12. Binding
Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Award Agreement will be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

13. Additional
Conditions to Issuance of Stock and Imposition of Other Requirements. If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion,
that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any Applicable
Laws, the tax code and related regulations or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable
as a condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until
such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free
of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Where the Company determines that the delivery of the payment of any Shares will violate
any state, federal or foreign securities or exchange laws or other Applicable Laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest
date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares will no longer cause such violation. The Company will make
all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any Applicable Laws or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval
of any such governmental authority or securities exchange. The Company retains sole discretion to determine if and when it is appropriate
to undertake any regulatory registration or filing or other administrative steps in order to achieve such compliance. The Company is
under no obligation to undertake any such filing or other steps that would not otherwise be required except in relation to the Plan and
grants thereunder and will not assume any liability due to the failure to complete such filing or other steps. The Company shall not
be obligated to issue any Shares pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units at any time if the issuance of Shares violates or is not in compliance
with any Applicable Laws, rules or regulations of the United States or any state or country.

Furthermore,
the Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participants participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock
Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, or take any other action, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable
in order to comply with any Applicable Laws or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require Participant to sign any additional
agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, Participant understands that the Applicable
Laws of the country in which he or she is resident at the time of grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the holding or disposition
of Shares (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor or other matters) may restrict
or prevent the issuance of Shares or may subject Participant to additional procedural or regulatory requirements he or she is solely
responsible for and will have to independently fulfill in relation to the Restricted Stock Units or the Shares. Notwithstanding any provision
herein, the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares shall be subject to any special terms and conditions or disclosures as set forth in
any addendum for Participants country (the Country-Specific Addendum, which forms part this Award Agreement). Participant
also understands and agrees that if he works, resides, moves to, or otherwise is or becomes subject to Applicable Laws or company policies
of another jurisdiction at any time, certain country-specific notices, disclaimers and/or terms and conditions may apply to him as from
the date of grant, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion.

14. Plan
Governs. This Award Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more
provisions of this Award Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms
used and not defined in this Award Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Plan.

15. Administrator
Authority. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for
the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including,
but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations
and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested
persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith
with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement.

16. Electronic
Delivery and Acceptance; Translation. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Restricted
Stock Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request
Participants consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by
electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the
Company or another third party designated by the Company, including but not limited to the use of electronic signatures or click-through
electronic acceptance of terms and conditions. If Participant has received this Award Agreement, including appendices, or any other document
related to the Plan translated into a language other than English, and the meaning of the translated version is different than the English
version, the English version will control.

17. Captions.
Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement.

18. Agreement
Severable. In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be
severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this
Award Agreement.

19. Modifications
to the Award Agreement. This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant
expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements
other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract
executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the
Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the
consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition
under Section 409A in connection to this Award of Restricted Stock Units.

20. Data
Privacy. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection,
use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participants Personal Data (as described
below) by and among, as applicable, the Company, any Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate, or
third parties as may be selected by the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
administering and managing Participants participation in the Plan. Participant understands
that refusal or withdrawal of consent will affect Participants ability to participate
in the Plan; without providing consent, Participant will not be able to participate in the
Plan or realize benefits (if any) from the Restricted Stock Unit.

Participant
understands that the Company and any Parent, Subsidiary, affiliate, or designated third parties may hold personal information about Participant,
including, but not limited to, Participants name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or
other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company or any Parent,
Subsidiary, or affiliate, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested,
unvested or outstanding in Participants favor (Personal Data). Participant understands that Personal Data may be
transferred to any Parent, Subsidiary, affiliate, or third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of
the Plan, that these recipients may be located in the United States, Participants country (if different than the United States),
or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participants country.
In particular, the Company may transfer Personal Data to the broker or stock plan administrator assisting with the Plan, to its legal
counsel and tax/accounting advisor, and to the affiliate or entity that is Participants employer and its payroll provider.

Participant
should also refer to any data privacy policy implemented by the Company (which will be available to Participant separately and may be
updated from time to time) for more information regarding the collection, use, storage, and transfer of Participants Personal
Data.

21. Foreign
Exchange Fluctuations and Restrictions. Participant understands and agrees that the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown
and cannot be predicted with certainty and may decrease. Participant also understands that neither the Company, nor any affiliate is
responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between local currency and the United States Dollar or the selection by the Company
or any affiliate in its sole discretion of an applicable foreign currency exchange rate that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock
Units or Shares received (or the calculation of income or Tax-Related Items thereunder). Participant understands and agrees that any
cross-border remittance made to transfer proceeds received upon the sale of Shares must be made through a locally authorized financial
institution or registered foreign exchange agency and may require the Participant to provide such entity with certain information regarding
the transaction.

22. Amendment,
Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award
of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that
the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time.

23. Governing
Law and Venue. This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to the conflict
of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Award of Restricted Stock Units or this Award
Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California, and agree that such litigation will
be conducted in the courts of San Francisco County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District
of California, and no other courts.

***

Country-Specific
Addendum

This Addendum includes
additional country-specific notices, disclaimers, and/or terms and conditions that apply to individuals who work or reside in the countries
listed below and that may be material to Participants participation in the Plan. Such notices, disclaimers, and/or terms and conditions
may also apply, as from the date of grant, if Participant moves to or otherwise is or becomes subject to the Applicable Laws or company
policies of the country listed. However, because foreign exchange regulations and other local laws are subject to frequent change, Participant
is advised to seek advice from his or her own personal legal and tax advisor prior to accepting the Restricted Stock Units or holding
or selling Shares acquired under the Plan. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making
any recommendations regarding Participants acceptance of the Restricted Stock Units or participation in the Plan. Unless otherwise
noted below, capitalized terms shall have the same meaning assigned to them under the Plan, the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant
and the Award Agreement. This Addendum forms part of the Award Agreement and should be read in conjunction with the Award Agreement and
the Plan.

Securities
Law Notice:Unless otherwise noted, neither the Company nor the Shares are registered with any
local stock exchange or under the control of any local securities regulator outside the United States. The Award Agreement (of which
this Addendum is a part), the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, the Plan, and any other communications or materials that Participant
may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities outside the United States,
and the issuance of securities described in any Plan-related documents is not intended for public offering or circulation in Participants
jurisdiction.

European Union (EU)/European
Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland and the United Kingdom (UK) 

Data
Privacy. Where Participant is a resident of the EU/EEA, Switzerland, the UK, or elsewhere as may be
applicable, the following provision applies and supplements Section 20 of the Award Agreement. Participant
understands and acknowledges that:

The
data controller is the Company; queries or requests regarding the Participants Personal Data should be made in writing to
the Companys representative relating to the Plan or Restricted Stock Unit matters, Paula Green, SVP Human Resources, who may
be contacted at: pgreen@twistbioscience.com.

The
legal basis for the processing of Personal Data is that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the
Participant is a party (namely, this Award Agreement);

Personal
Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participants participation in the Plan;

He
or she may, at any time, access his or her Personal Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Personal
Data, require any necessary amendments to Personal Data without cost or exercise any other rights Participant may have in relation
to his or her Personal Data under applicable law, including the right to make a complaint to an EU/EEA data protection regulator,
the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner in Switzerland, or the UK Information Commissioners Office in the
UK, as applicable.

Australia 

Securities
Law Notice. This disclosure has been prepared in
connection with offers to employees in Australia under the Plan and the Award Agreement (copies
of which are enclosed) (Offer). This Offer is made under Part 7.12
Division 1A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) and has been
prepared to ensure any offer under the Plan satisfies the conditions for exemptions granted
under the Corporations Act.

Acceptance
of Offer.Participant may not accept this Offer (as defined above) until at least 14 days
have passed since the date Participant received the Award Agreement (the Acceptance Period). Participant may indicate
Participants intention to accept the Offer during the Acceptance Period and the Company will consider the acceptance final
and binding following the expiry of the Acceptance Period. Participant may withdraw Participants intention to accept the Offer
at any time during the Acceptance Period.

General
Advice Only. Any advice given to the Participant
in connection with the Offer is general advice only. It does not take into account the objectives, financial situation and needs
of any particular person. No financial product advice is provided in the documentation relating to the Plan and nothing in the documentation
should be taken to constitute a recommendation or statement of opinion that is intended to influence the Participant in making a
decision to participate in the Plan. This means that the Participant should consider obtaining his or her own financial product advice
from an independent person who is licensed by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC)
to give such advice.

Risks
of Participation in the Plan. Participation in the Plan and acquiring Shares carries
inherent risks. These risks include the possibility of fluctuations (and decrease) in the price of Shares in relation to Company
performance, as well as general market performance. The Participant should carefully consider these risks in light of the Participants
investment objectives and personal circumstances.

Australian
Dollar Equivalent. The Australia dollar equivalent of the current market price of the underlying Shares subject to Participants
Restricted Stock Units may be determined by reference to the daily exchange rate published by the Reserve Bank of Australia on the
relevant date. Note that the exchange rate may fluctuate, and the Australian dollar equivalent of the market price will depend on the
then-current U.S. dollar/Australian dollar exchange rate. The Company will make available upon the Participants request the Australian
dollar equivalent of the current market price of the underlying Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units.

Settlement.
Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or the Award Agreement to the contrary, settlement
of the Restricted Stock Units shall be in Shares and not, in whole or in part, in the form of cash or other consideration.

Belgium Foreign
Ownership Reporting.If the Participant is a resident of Belgium, the Participant will be
required to submit a form declaring their accounts (including where Shares acquired under an employee share plan are registered)
held outside of Belgium to the National Bank of Belgium. The reporting is done once to the National Bank (except in cases of modification)
and should be completed prior to filing the Participants annual Belgian income tax return. In addition, each year the holding
of a foreign account must be confirmed in the Participants annual Belgian income tax return.

Brazil Foreign
Ownership Reporting. If the Participant is a resident of Brazil, the Participant will be
required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil (BACEN)
if the aggregate value of such assets, money and/or rights (including any Restricted Stock Units, capital gain, dividends or profit
attributable to such assets) outside Brazil is equal to or greater than US $1,000,000 as of each December 31st. The
reporting is done via an online form (Declarao de Capitais Brasileiros no Exterior or DCBE)
and usually should be completed in April in relation to the prior fiscal year. Quarterly reporting is also required if the assets
held abroad exceed US $100,000,000 or equivalent at the end of each quarter. The Participant should confirm the annual and quarterly
reporting deadlines with the Central Bank of Brazil, as they are periodically updated, and noncompliance is potentially subject to
certain penalties.

Canada 

Form of
Settlement. Notwithstanding any discretion in the
Plan or this Award Agreement, the grant of Restricted Stock Units does not provide any right
for the Participant to receive a cash payment, and the Restricted Stock Units are only payable
in Shares (other than as explicitly consented to by the Participant in Section 7 of
the Award Agreement for tax withholding and payment purposes).

Foreign
Share Ownership Reporting. If Participant is a Canadian resident, Participants ownership
of certain foreign property (including shares of foreign corporations) in excess of CAD$100,000 may be subject to ongoing annual
reporting obligations. Please refer to CRA Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) and consult a tax advisor for
further details.

Securities
Law Notice. The security represented by the Restricted Stock Units is to be issued pursuant
to an exemption from the prospectus requirements of applicable securities legislation in Canada. The Participant acknowledges that
as long as the Company is not a reporting issuer in any jurisdiction in Canada, the Restricted Stock Units and the underlying Shares
will be subject to an indefinite hold period in Canada and subject to restrictions on their transfer in Canada. Subject to the terms
and conditions of the Award Agreement and applicable securities laws, the Participant is permitted to sell Shares acquired through
the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, assuming the sale of such Shares takes place outside Canada via
the stock exchange on which the Shares are traded.

China 

Foreign
Exchange and Tax Process Information.By accepting the Restricted
Stock Units, you agree to the following:

Upon vesting
of the Restricted Stock Units, Shares will be issued to you and deposited in your participant account held by the Companys
stock plan service provider. You may immediately sell such Shares or hold the Shares in your participant account to sell at a later
date. However, you will not be permitted to move Shares out of your participant account other than upon the sale of such Shares.

Due to foreign
exchange restrictions in China, you are required to immediately repatriate all proceeds received from dividend payments (if any)
and/or the sale of Shares to China through a domestic special foreign exchange account that the Company has established for this
purpose. Funds received upon the sale of Shares may not be reinvested or used to purchase other assets in the United States. By accepting
the Restricted Stock Units, you agree to this repatriation process. Fidelity will remit the proceeds from any sale of Shares, less
any commissions or other fees, directly to the Companys special foreign exchange account.

Under the Companys current policy, the proceeds will
then be distributed to your individual USD or RMB (as specified by the Company) account, subject to the Company determination
that you have paid (through payroll withholdings, direct reimbursement to the Employer, sell-to-cover, or other method as specified
by the Company) any tax withholding amounts that are due. The Company also reserves the right to transfer a portion of or all proceeds
to the Employer or to the tax authorities to pay any tax withholding amounts that are due.

You further acknowledge that any Award of Restricted Stock Units that
you receive under the Plan is taxable as per personal income tax law of China. You accept that paying Personal Income Tax in China
(PIT) is your legal responsibility and that the Employer has the obligation to withhold related PIT. You
understand and agree to the procedures described to be applied to the Shares and income you may receive in relation to the Restricted
Stock Units.

Please note that Share transactions are processed in U.S. Dollars. However,
the calculation and submission of PIT are required to be in Chinese Yuan. You agree that the exchange rate applicable to the calculation
of PIT shall be as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. Furthermore, the Company will submit a tax return and make a payment
on your behalf as required under PRC law. You authorize the Company, at its discretion, to deduct PIT payable through your monthly
payroll. You also agree to make immediate payment to the Company if the salary deduction is not sufficient for the required personal
income tax withholding. In addition, you authorize the Company to sell a sufficient number of Shares from vested Restricted Stock Units
to cover the taxes due, or to take any other measures permitted under the Plan or the Award Agreement to cover the taxes due.

If requested by the Company, you are responsible for providing a personal
domestic bank account to receive the stock sale proceeds in U .S. Dollars. You are responsible for the accuracy of the account
information provided to the Company and for ensuring that the bank account is able to receive deposits in U.S. Dollars. You acknowledge
that the Company and the Employer will not release any proceeds to you, whether to a designated personal bank or through payroll, until
the payment of the full amount of the PIT is received by the Company or the Employer (as evidenced by a tax payment slip).

Please note that the foreign exchange and tax processes
that are deemed necessary or advisable by the Company in order to comply with the requirements of the State Administration Foreign
Exchange and other PRC laws and to otherwise administer the Plan are subject to change. The Company may unilaterally change any of
the above procedures if the Company in its sole discretion deems it necessary or advisable to make such change.

Sale of Shares Following Termination of Employment Due to foreign
exchange rules in China, you are not permitted to hold any Shares received under the Plan after 90 days following your termination
of employment. Any Shares received from the previous vesting of Restricted Stock Units will be subject to sale by the end of the
90th day after termination. To comply with such sale by end of the 90th day after termination, you hereby direct
and authorize the Company and Fidelity to sell your Shares at such time and you agree to sign any power of attorney or other form
that may be required by the Company or Fidelity to undertake such action at such time.

France 

Foreign
Account Reporting. For residents of France with foreign accounts
(including foreign brokerage accounts which hold Shares or cash), the Participant must file an informational
return on an annual basis to the Bank of France. This informational return is generally required to be
submitted following the end of the tax year, along with the Participants annual personal income
tax return. In addition, residents of France with foreign account balances in excess of EUR 1 million
or its equivalent must report monthly to the Bank of France.

Consent
to Receive Information in English. By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant
confirms having read and understood the Plan and the Award Agreement, which were provided in the English language. The Participant
accepts the terms of those documents accordingly.

En acceptant
cette attribution gratuite dactions, le Participant confirme ainsi avoir lu et comprenez le Plan et ce Contrat, incluant tous
leurs termes et conditions, qui ont t transmis en langue anglaise. Le Participant accepte les termes en connaissance
de cause.

Israel 

Israel
Sub-Plan. This grant is also subject to the Sub-Plan
for Israeli Participants and is hereby designated as follows:

__X__102
Capital Gain Track Award

_____102
Ordinary Income Track Award

_____102
Non-Trustee Award

_____3(9) Award

The terms used
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan and Israeli Sub-Plan. In the event of any conflict, whether explicit or
implied, between the provision of this Award Agreement and the Sub-Plan, the provisions set out in the Sub-Plan shall prevail. By
accepting this grant, you acknowledge that a copy of the Israeli Sub-Plan has been provided to you. The Israeli Sub-Plan may also
be obtained by contacting the Manager HR, Tel Aviv.

To the extent
the Restricted Stock Unit is designated above as either a 102 Capital Gain Track Award or a 102 Ordinary Income Track Award, Participant
declares and acknowledges that he or she: (i) fully understands that Section 102 applies to the Restricted Stock Unit specified
in this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant and Award Agreement; (ii) understands the provisions of Section 102, the
tax track chosen and the implications thereof; (iii) agrees to the terms of the Trust Agreement between the Company and the
Trustee, as well as the requirements of the Israeli Tax Authority, (iv) understands that releasing the Shares from the control
or holding of the Trustee prior to the termination of the Required Holding Period constitutes a violation of the terms of Section 102
and agrees to bear the relevant sanctions; (v) authorizes the Company and/or the applicable Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate
to provide the Trustee with any information required for the purpose of administering the Plan including executing its obligations
under the Ordinance, the trust deed and the Trust Agreement, including without limitation information about his/her Shares, income
tax rates, salary bank account, contact details and identification number; and (vii) declares that he/she is a resident of the
State of Israel for tax purposes on the Grant Date and agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated
above and acknowledges that if he/she ceases to be an Israeli resident or if his/her engagement with the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary,
or affiliate is terminated, the Shares shall remain subject to Section 102, the Trust Agreement, the Plan, the Sub-Plan, and
this Agreement.

The grant of
the Restricted Stock Unit is conditioned upon Participant signing all documents requested by the Company, the Parent, Subsidiary,
or affiliate, or the Trustee, in accordance with the Trust Agreement.

A
copy of the Trust Agreement is available for Participants review, during normal working hours at his or her local entitys
offices.

With
respect to 102 Trustee Award, the Shares issued upon exercise or vesting of such 102 Trustee
Award shall be issued to and in the name of the Trustee on behalf of Participant, and shall
be held by the Trustee in trust on behalf of Participant; provided, however, that in the
event Participant elects to receive the Shares directly to his/her possession, the transfer
from the Trustee shall be subject to the payment of any and all applicable taxes by Participant,
to the satisfaction of each of the Trustee and the Company, until the full payment of required
taxes, as applicable.

Further
to Section 11 of the Award Agreement, with respect to 102 Trustee Award, Participant
shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, give as a collateral, or grant any right to any
third party or release from trust any Restricted Stock Unit and any Share received and/or
any additional rights, including bonus shares that may be distributed to Participant in connection
with such 102 Trustee Award (the Additional Rights), which will be allocated
to the Trustee on behalf of Participant and shall be held in trust or controlled by the Trustee
for the benefit of Participant, until at least the lapse of the Required Holding Period.
Notwithstanding the above, if any such sale or release occurs during the Required Holding
Period, the sanctions under Section 102 shall apply to and shall be borne by Participant.
At the end of the Required Holding Period, the Restricted Stock Units or Shares underlying
the Restricted Stock Units or any Additional Rights may be transferred to Participant upon
his or her demand, but only under the condition that the tax due in accordance with Section 102
is paid to the satisfaction of the Trustee and the Company. With respect to any Award granted
by the Company pursuant to Section 102(c) of the Ordinance (which provides for
ordinary income Awards administered by the Trustee), the Award and all rights (if any) that
accrue thereon shall be allocated or issued to the Trustee, who shall hold such Award and
all rights accrued thereon (if any) in trust for the benefit of Participant and/or the Company,
as the case may be, until the full payment of required taxes arising from such Award and/or
rights accrued thereon (if any).

Any
fees associated with any vesting, exercise, sale, transfer or any act in relation to the
Awards shall be borne by the Participant, and the Trustee, the Company, and/or any Parent,
Subsidiary, or affiliate shall be entitled to withhold or deduct such fees from payments
otherwise due to the Participant from the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate, or
the Trustee.

Notwithstanding
Section 23 of the Award Agreement, the Ordinance will apply to the tax treatment of
grants made under the Israeli Sub-Plan (and requirements and restrictions related thereto).

Securities Law Notice. If required under applicable
law, the Company shall use reasonable efforts to receive a securities exemption from the Israeli Securities Authority to avoid the
requirement to file an Israeli securities prospectus in relation to the Plan. If such exemption is obtained, copies of the Plan and
the Form S-8 or S-1 registration statement for the Plan as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission will be made
available by request from Manager HR, Tel Aviv. A Hebrew translation may be provided upon request.

Italy 

Data
Privacy Consent. Pursuant to the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation EU No. 2016/679)
and to Legislative Decree no. 196/2003, the Controller of personal data processing is Twist Bioscience
Corporation, with registered offices at 681 Gateway Blvd, South San Francisco, CA 94080 USA, and its
Representative in Italy for privacy purposes is Paula Green, SVP, Human Resources at pgreen@twistbioscience.com.

By accepting
this Award, Participant understands that Personal Data processing related to the purposes specified above shall take place under
automated or non-automated conditions, anonymously when possible, that comply with the purposes for which Personal Data are collected
and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations, with specific reference to the
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation EU No. 2016/679) and to Legislative Decree no. 196/200.

The processing
activity, including the communication and transfer of Participants Personal Data abroad, including outside of the European
Union, as herein specified and pursuant to applicable law, does not require your consent thereto as the processing is necessary for
the performance of contractual obligations related to the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant
understands that the use of Participants Personal Data will be minimized where it is not necessary for the implementation,
administration and management of the Plan. Participant further understands that, pursuant to Sections 12 to 21 of the GDPR, Participant
has the right to, including but not limited to, (i) access, (ii) delete, (iii) update, and (iv) ask for rectification
of Participants Personal Data, as well as to request, from the Controller, the (v) restriction of processing concerning
Participants Personal Data or to (vi) object to processing, as well as the right to (vii) data portability.
Furthermore, Participant is aware that Participants Personal Data will not be used for direct marketing purposes.

Foreign
Ownership Reporting. To the extent the Participant holds investments or assets outside Italy,
including shares of Stock received under the Plan, the Participant will need to report such holdings to the Italian Tax Authorities
annually via Form RW, regardless of the total value of such foreign holdings.

Japan 

Foreign
Ownership Reporting.If the Participant acquires Stock valued
at more than 100,000,000 total, the Participant must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the
Ministry of Finance (MOF) through the Bank of Japan within 20 days of the
acquisition of the Stock.

Exit
Tax. Please note that the Participant may be subject to tax on the Participants Restricted
Stock Units, even prior to vesting, if the Participant relocates from Japan and (1) holds financial assets with an aggregate
value of 100,000,000 or more upon departure from Japan and (2) maintained a principal place of residence (jusho)
or temporary place of abode (kyosho) in Japan for 5 years or more during the 10-year period immediately prior to departing
Japan. The Participant should discuss the Participants tax treatment with the Participants personal tax advisor.

Singapore 

Securities
Law Information.This offer and the Shares to be issued hereunder
shall be made available only to an employee, director, consultant, or other qualifying person
of the Company or its Subsidiary, in reliance on the prospectus exemption set out in Section 273(1)(i) read
together with Section 273(2) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the
SFA) and is not made with a view to the Shares so issued being subsequently
offered for sale or sold to any other party in Singapore. Participant understands and acknowledges that
this Award Agreement and/or any other document or material in connection with this offer and the Shares
thereunder have not been and will not be lodged, registered or reviewed by the Monetary Authority of
Singapore. Any and all Shares to be issued hereunder shall therefore be subject to the general resale
restriction under Section 257 of the SFA, and Participant undertakes not to make any subsequent
sale in Singapore, or any offer of sale in Singapore, of any of the shares of the Shares (received upon
exercise of this offer), unless that sale or offer in Singapore is made pursuant to the exemptions under
Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) other than Section 280 of the SFA.

Director Notification. If the Participant is
a director, associate director or shadow director of a Singaporean Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, then the Participant is
subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify
the Singapore Subsidiary or Affiliate in writing when the Participant receives an interest (e.g., Restricted Stock Units,
Shares) in the Company or any related companies. In addition, the Participant must notify the Singaporean Subsidiary or Affiliate
when the Participant sells Shares of the Company or any related company (including when the Participant sells shares of Stock acquired
through vesting of Restricted Stock Units). These notifications must be made within two business days of acquiring or disposing of
any interest in the Company or any related company. In addition, a notification must be made of interests in the Company or any related
company within two business days of becoming a director.

Exit
Tax and Deemed Exercise Rule. If the Participant
has received the Restricted Stock Units in relation to the Participants employment
in Singapore, please note that if, prior to the vesting of the Participants Restricted
Stock Units, the Participant is 1) a permanent resident of Singapore and leaves Singapore
permanently or is transferred out of Singapore; or 2) neither a Singapore citizen nor permanent
resident and either ceases employment in Singapore or leaves Singapore for any period exceeding
3 months (unless it can be proven that Participant is not leaving permanently), the Participant
will likely be taxed on the Participants unvested Restricted Stock Units on a deemed
exercise basis, even if the Restricted Stock Units have not yet vested. The Participant
should discuss the Participants tax treatment with the Participants personal
tax advisor.

South Korea 

Foreign
Ownership Reporting. A Korean tax resident is required to report
foreign bank and financial accounts (including foreign brokerage accounts) to the Korean National Tax
Service between 1 June and 30 June of the following year if the aggregate balance of these
accounts exceeds KRW 500 million at the end of any month during a calendar year. If the nominal owner
and the actual owner of an account are different, both are subject to the reporting obligation. If the
account has joint owners, all owners are required to report. These requirements change periodically,
so the Participant should consult his or her personal advisor to determine the specific reporting obligations.

Foreign
Exchange Requirements.Korean residents are generally permitted to own shares in a foreign
company and hold a foreign brokerage account. However, they may only acquire and dispose of shares in a foreign company through the
foreign brokerage account to the extent that the shares in a foreign company are acquired and sold off-market (i.e., through an over-the-counter
transaction). If the shares in a foreign company are acquired or disposed of on the market, the transaction must be conducted through
a domestic brokerage account linked to the foreign brokerage account. Korean residents may be required to make an ex-ante report
to a domestic bank if the amount of an over-the-counter transaction through a foreign investment broker exceeds a certain amount.
Participant should consult his or her personal advisor to determine the specific obligations.

Spain 

Foreign
Ownership Reporting. If the Participant is a Spanish
resident, the Participants acquisition, purchase, ownership, and/or sale of foreign-listed
stock may be subject to ongoing annual reporting obligations with the Direccin General
de Politica Comercial e Inversiones Exteriores (DGPCIE) of the
Ministerio de Economia, the Bank of Spain, and/or the tax authorities. These requirements
change periodically, so the Participant should consult the Participants personal advisor
to determine the specific reporting obligations.

Currently,
the Participant must declare the acquisition of Shares to DGPCIE for statistical purposes. The Participant must also declare the
ownership of any shares of Stock with the DGPCIE each January while the shares are owned. The relevant forms are Form D6
and, depending on the amount of assets, Form D8.

In addition,
if the Participant performs transactions with non-Spanish residents or holds a balance of assets and liabilities with foreign parties
higher than EUR 1,000,000, the Participant may be required to report such transactions and accounts to the Bank of Spain. The frequency
(monthly, quarterly or annually) of the notification will vary depending on the total value of the transactions or the balance of
assets and liabilities.

If the Participant
holds assets or rights outside of Spain (including Shares acquired under the Plan), the Participant may also have to file Form 720
with the tax authorities, generally if the value of the Participants foreign investments exceeds EUR 50,000. Please note that
reporting requirements are based on what the Participant has previously disclosed and the increase in value and the total value of
certain groups of foreign assets.

United Kingdom Form of
Settlement. Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan, the Notice or the Award Agreement
to the contrary, settlement of the Restricted Stock Units shall be in Shares and not, in whole or in part, in the form of cash.

HMRC
National Insurance Contributions. Participant agrees that:

(a) Tax-Related
Items within Section 7 of the Award Agreement shall include any secondary class 1 (employer) National Insurance Contributions
that:

(i) any
employer (or former employer) of Participant is liable to pay (or reasonably believes it is liable to pay); and

(ii) may
be lawfully recovered from Participant; and

(b) if
required to do so by the Company (at any time when the relevant election can be made) Participant shall:

(i) make
a joint election (with the employer or former employer) in the form provided by the Company to transfer to Participant the whole
or any part of the secondary class 1 (employer) National Insurance Contributions liability that falls within Section 7 of the
Award Agreement; and

(ii) enter
into arrangements required by HM Revenue & Customs (or any other tax authority) to secure the payment of the transferred
liability; and

(c) Participant
hereby indemnifies and shall keep indemnified the Company and any employer (or former employer) for all and any Tax-Related Items
which may arise upon the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, ownership or disposition of Shares, receipt
of dividends, if any, or otherwise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units or the Shares. 

TWIST
BIOSCIENCE CORPORATION

2018
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

STOCK
OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT

Unless
otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Twist Bioscience Corporation 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan)
will have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Award Agreement (the Award Agreement).

I. NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT

Participant Name:

You
have been granted an Option to purchase Common Stock of Twist Bioscience Corporation (the Company), subject
to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, as follows:

Grant Number

Date of Grant

Vesting Commencement Date

Exercise Price per Share

Total Number of Shares

Type of Option: Nonstatutory
Stock Option

Term/Expiration Date:

Vesting
Schedule:

Subject
to Section 2 of the Award Agreement, this Option may be exercised, in whole or in part, in accordance with the schedule provided
on Fidelitys NetBenefits (https://nb.fidelity.com/public/nb/default/home).

Termination
Period:

This
Option will be exercisable for three (3) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, unless such termination is due
to Participants death, Disability or Cause. In the event Participants relationship as a Service Provider is terminated
as a result of death or Disability, this Option will be exercisable for twelve (12) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider.
In the event Participants relationship as a Service Provider is terminated for Cause, this Option (including any vested portion
thereof) shall immediately terminate in its entirety upon the Participants being first notified such termination for Cause and
Participant will be prohibited from exercising this Option from and after the date of such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term/Expiration Date as provided above and may be subject to earlier termination as
provided in Section 13 of the Plan.

By
Participants signature and the signature of the Companys representative below, or by Participants otherwise accepting
or exercising this Option, Participant and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions
of the Plan and this Award Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant (attached as Part II of this Award
Agreement and any country-specific addendum attached thereto), all of which are made a part of this document. Participant has reviewed
the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Award
Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive
and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator on any questions relating to the Plan and Award Agreement.

PARTICIPANT: TWIST BIOSCIENCE CORPORATION

Participants Name By: Chief Executive Officer

Electronic Signature 

Acceptance Date 

II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK
OPTION GRANT

1.
Grant of Option. The Company hereby grants to the Participant named in the Notice of Stock Option Grant attached as Part I
of this Award Agreement (the Participant) an option (the Option) to purchase
the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Notice of Stock
Option Grant (the Exercise Price), subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice of
Stock Option Grant and in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 20 of
the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement,
the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail.

If
designated in the Notice of Stock Option Grant as an Incentive Stock Option (ISO), this Option is intended
to qualify as an ISO under Section 422 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code).
However, if this Option is intended to be an ISO, to the extent that it exceeds the USD $100,000 rule of Code Section 422(d) it
will be treated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option (NSO). Further, if for any reason this Option (or portion
thereof) will not qualify as an ISO, then, to the extent of such non-qualification, such Option (or portion thereof) shall be regarded
as a NSO granted under the Plan. In no event will the Administrator, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary or any of their respective
employees or directors have any liability to Participant (or any other person) due to the failure of the Option to qualify for any reason
as an ISO.

2.
Vesting Schedule. Except as provided in Section 3, the Option awarded by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with
the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. Shares scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence
of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement unless Participant will have been
continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. Service Provider status for purposes of the
Plan will end on the day that Participant is no longer actively providing services as an Employee, Director, or Independent Contractor
and will not be extended by any notice period or garden leave that may be required contractually or under any Applicable
Laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator (or any delegate) shall have the sole and absolute discretion to determine when
Participant is no longer providing active service for purposes of Service Provider status and participation in the Plan.

3. Exercise of Option.

(a) Right
to Exercise. This Option may be exercised only within the term set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, and may be exercised
during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Award Agreement.

(b) Method
of Exercise. This Option is exercisable by completing the exercise procedures on the Fidelity platform or in a manner and pursuant
to such procedures as the Administrator may determine, including payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all exercised Shares together
with any Tax-Related Items (as defined below) required to be withheld by any Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding the above, Participant
understands that the Applicable Laws of the country in which Participant is residing or working at the time of grant, vesting, and/or
exercise of this Option (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor or other matters)
may restrict or prevent exercise of this Option, and neither the Company nor any Parent or Subsidiary assumes any liability in relation
to this Option in such case.

4.
Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price will be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election
of Participant unless otherwise specified by the Company in its sole discretion:

(a) cash (U.S. dollars);
or

(b) check (denominated
in U.S. dollars); or

(c) consideration
received by the Company under a formal cashless exercise program adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan.

Participant
understands and agrees that, unless otherwise permitted by the Company, any cross-border remittance made to exercise this Option or transfer
proceeds received upon the sale of Shares must be made through a locally authorized financial institution or registered foreign exchange
agency and may require the Participant to provide such entity with certain information regarding the transaction.

5. Tax Obligations.

(a) Withholding
of Taxes. Regardless of any action the Company or Participants employer (the Employer) takes with
respect to any or all applicable national, local, or other tax or social contribution, withholding, required deductions, or other payments,
if any, that arise upon the grant, vesting, or exercise of this Option, the holding or subsequent sale of Shares, and the receipt of
dividends, if any, or otherwise in connection with this Option or the Shares (Tax-Related Items), Participant
acknowledges and agrees that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by Participant is and remains Participants
responsibility and may exceed any amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges and agrees
that Participant is solely responsible for filing all relevant documentation that may be required in relation to this Option or any Tax-Related
Items (other than filings or documentation that is the specific obligation of the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary, or Employer pursuant
to Applicable Law) such as but not limited to personal income tax returns or reporting statements in relation to the grant, vesting or
exercise of this Option, the holding of Shares or any bank or brokerage account, the subsequent sale of Shares, and the receipt of any
dividends. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding
the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including the grant, vesting, or exercise of the
Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired under the Plan and the receipt of dividends, if any; and (b) does not commit to and
is under no obligation to structure the terms of the Option or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate Participants liability
for Tax-Related Items, or achieve any particular tax result. Participant also understands that Applicable Laws may require varying Share
or Option valuation methods for purposes of calculating Tax-Related Items, and the Company assumes no responsibility or liability in
relation to any such valuation or for any calculation or reporting of income or Tax-Related Items that may be required of Participant
under Applicable Laws. Further, if Participant has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the date of grant and
the date of any relevant taxable event, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable)
may be required to withhold or account for Tax Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.

(b) Satisfaction
of Tax-Related Items. As a condition to the grant, vesting and exercise of this Option and as set forth in Section 14 of the
Plan, Participant hereby agrees to make adequate provision for the satisfaction of (and will indemnify the Company and any Parent or
Subsidiary for) any Tax-Related Items. No payment will be made to Participant (or his or her estate or beneficiary) for an Option unless
and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Company) have been made by Participant with respect to the payment of any Tax-Related
Items obligations of the Company and/or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Employer with respect to the Option. In this regard, Participant authorizes
the Company and/or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with
regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:

(i) withholding
from Participants wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company or the Employer; or

(ii) withholding
from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon exercise of the Option, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale
arranged by the Company (on Participants behalf pursuant to this authorization); or

(iii) withholding in
Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Option.

If
the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, the Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number
of Shares purchased for tax purposes, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax
Related Items due as a result of the Participants participation in the Plan. Participant shall pay to the Company or a Parent,
Subsidiary, or Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold as a result of Participants
participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by one or more of the means previously described in this paragraph 5. Participant
acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of
the sale of Shares if Participant fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items.

(c) Notice
of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares. If the Option granted to Participant herein is an ISO, and if Participant sells or otherwise
disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or before the later of (i) the date two (2) years after the Date
of Grant, or (ii) the date one (1) year after the date of exercise, Participant will immediately notify the Company in writing
of such disposition.

(d) Code
Section 409A (Applicable Only to Participants Subject to U.S. Taxes). Under Code Section 409A, an option that is
granted with a per Share exercise price that is determined by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) to
be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant (a Discount Option) may be considered
deferred compensation. A Discount Option may result in (i) income recognition by Participant prior to the
exercise of the option, (ii) an additional twenty percent (20%) federal income tax, and (iii) potential penalty and
interest charges. The Discount Option may also result in additional state income, penalty and interest charges to the Participant.
Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share exercise price of
this Option equals or exceeds the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Date of Grant in a later examination. Participant agrees that
if the IRS determines that the Option was granted with a per Share exercise price that was less than the Fair Market Value of a
Share on the date of grant, Participant will be solely responsible for Participants costs related to such a
determination.

6.
Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or
privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares until such Shares will have been issued (as evidenced by the appropriate
entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). After such issuance, Participant will have
all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such
Shares, but prior to such issuance, Participant will not have any rights to dividends and/or distributions on such Shares.

7.
No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE
HEREOF SHALL OCCUR ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE EMPLOYER OR CONTRACTING ENTITY (AS APPLICABLE) AND NOT
THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THE OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT
THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE
IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANTS RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE EMPLOYER OR THE COMPANY, PARENT, OR SUBSIDIARY TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANTS
RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE (SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LOCAL LAWS).

8. Nature of
Grant. In accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that:

(a) the Plan
is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by
the Company at any time;

(b) the
grant of the Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Options,
or benefits in lieu of Options even if Options have been granted repeatedly in the past;

(c) all decisions
with respect to future awards of Options, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;

(d) Participants
participation in the Plan is voluntary;

(e) the
Option and the Shares subject to the Option are extraordinary items that do not constitute regular compensation for services rendered
to the Company or the Employer, and that are outside the scope of Participants employment contract, if any;

(f) the Option
and the Shares subject to the Option are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;

(g) the
Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but
not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, or end of service payments, bonuses, long-service
awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating
in any way to, past services for the Company or the Employer, subject to Applicable Laws;

(h) the
future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty; further, if Participant exercises the Option
and obtains Shares, the value of the Shares acquired upon exercise may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price;

(i) Participant
also understands that neither the Company nor any affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between local currency
and the United States Dollar or the selection by the Company or any affiliate in its sole discretion of an applicable foreign currency
exchange rate that may affect the value of the Option (or the calculation of income or Tax-Related Items thereunder);

(j) in
consideration of the grant of the Option, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option
resulting from termination of employment by the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of Applicable Laws,
including, without limitation, applicable local labor laws), and Participant irrevocably releases the Employer from any such claim that
may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, Participant
shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived his or her entitlement to pursue such claim; and

(k) the Option
and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer
of liability.

9.
No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations
regarding Participants participation in the Plan, or Participants acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant
is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participants participation
in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.

10.
Data Privacy. Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or
other form, of Participants Personal Data (as described below) by and among, as applicable, the Company, any Parent, Subsidiary,
or affiliate, or third parties as may be selected by the Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing
Participants participation in the Plan. Participant understands that refusal or withdrawal of consent will affect Participants
ability to participate in the Plan; without providing consent, Participant will not be able to participate in the Plan or realize benefits
(if any) from the Option.

Participant
understands that the Company and any Parent, Subsidiary, affiliate, or designated third parties may hold personal information about Participant,
including, but not limited to, Participants name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or
other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company or any Parent,
Subsidiary, or affiliate, details of all Options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or
outstanding in Participants favor (Personal Data). Participant understands that Personal Data may be transferred
to any Parent, Subsidiary, affiliate, or third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that
these recipients may be located in the United States, Participants country (if different than the United States), or elsewhere,
and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participants country. In particular,
the Company may transfer Personal Data to the broker or stock plan administrator assisting with the Plan, to its legal counsel and tax/accounting
advisor, and to the affiliate or entity that is Participants employer and its payroll provider.

Participant
should also refer to any data privacy policy implemented by the Company (which will be available to Participant separately and may be
updated from time to time) for more information regarding the collection, use, storage, and transfer of Participants Personal
Data.

11. Address for
Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company, in care
of its Secretary at Twist Bioscience Corporation, 681 Gateway Blvd, South San Francisco, CA 94080, or at such other address as the Company
may hereafter designate in writing.

12.
Non-Transferability of Option. This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent
or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant.

13.
Binding Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this Option contained herein, this Award Agreement will
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

14.
Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock. If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration,
qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any Applicable Laws, the tax code and related
regulations or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the grant
or vesting of the Option or purchase by, or issuance of Shares to, Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such purchase or issuance
will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, consent or approval will have been completed,
effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements
of any such state, federal or foreign law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental
authority or securities exchange. Assuming such compliance, for purposes of the Tax-Related Items, the Exercised Shares will be considered
transferred to Participant on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised Shares. The Company shall not be obligated
to issue any Shares pursuant to this Option at any time if the issuance of Shares, or the exercise of an Option by Participant, violates
or is not in compliance with any Applicable Laws.

15. Reserved.

16.
Plan Governs. This Award Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one
or more provisions of this Award Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized
terms used and not defined in this Award Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Plan.

17.
Administrator Authority. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such
rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke
any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Shares subject to the Option have vested).
All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant,
the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination
or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement.

18.
Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Participants
current or future participation in the Plan, this Option, the Shares subject to this Option, any other securities of the Company or any
other Company-related documents, by electronic means. By accepting this Option, whether electronically or otherwise, Participant hereby
(i) consents to receive such documents by electronic means, (ii) consents to the use of electronic signatures, and (iii) agrees
to participate in the Plan and/or receive any such documents through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the
Company or a third party designated by the Company, including but not limited to the use of electronic signatures or click-through electronic
acceptance of terms and conditions.

19.
Translation. If Participant has received this Award Agreement, including appendices, or any other document related to the Plan
translated into a language other than English, and the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English
version will control.

20.
Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participants participation
in the Plan, on the Option and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable
in order to comply with any Applicable Laws or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require Participant to sign any additional
agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, Participant understands that the Applicable
Laws of the country in which he or she is resident at the time of grant, vesting, and/or exercise of this Option or the holding or disposition
of Shares (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor or other matters) may restrict
or prevent exercise of this Option or may subject Participant to additional procedural or regulatory requirements he or she is solely
responsible for and will have to independently fulfill in relation to this Option or the Shares. Notwithstanding any provision herein,
this Option and any Shares shall be subject to any special terms and conditions or disclosures as set forth in any addendum for Participants
country (the Country-Specific Addendum, which forms part this Award Agreement). Participant also understands and agrees
that if he works, resides, moves to, or otherwise is or becomes subject to Applicable Laws or company policies of another jurisdiction
at any time, certain country-specific notices, disclaimers and/or terms and conditions may apply to him as from the date of grant, unless
otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion.

21. Captions.
Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement.

22.
Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision
will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions
of this Award Agreement.

23.
Modifications to the Agreement. This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered.
Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or
inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written
contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement,
the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without
the consent of Participant, to comply with Code Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition
under Section 409A of the Code in connection to this Option.

24.
Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received
an Option under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary
in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time.

25.
Governing Law and Venue. This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to
the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Award Agreement, the parties hereby
submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts
of San Francisco County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other
courts.

***

Country-Specific
Addendum

This Addendum includes
additional country-specific notices, disclaimers, and/or terms and conditions that apply to individuals who are working or residing in
the countries listed below and that may be material to Participants participation in the Plan. Such notices, disclaimers, and/or
terms and conditions may also apply, as from the date of grant, if Participant moves to or otherwise is or becomes subject to the Applicable
Laws or company policies of the country listed. However, because foreign exchange regulations and other local laws are subject to frequent
change, Participant is advised to seek advice from his or her own personal legal and tax advisor prior to accepting or exercising an
Option or holding or selling Shares acquired under the Plan. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is
the Company making any recommendations regarding Participants acceptance of the Option or participation in the Plan. Unless otherwise
noted below, capitalized terms shall have the same meaning assigned to them under the Plan, the Notice of Stock Option Grant and the
Award Agreement. This Addendum forms part of the Award Agreement and should be read in conjunction with the Award Agreement and the Plan.

Securities
Law Notice: Unless otherwise noted, neither the Company nor the Shares are registered with any
local stock exchange or under the control of any local securities regulator outside the United States. The Award Agreement (of which
this Addendum is a part), the Notice of Stock Option Grant, the Plan, and any other communications or materials that you may receive
regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities outside the United States, and the issuance
of securities described in any Plan-related documents is not intended for public offering or circulation in your jurisdiction.

European Union
(EU)/European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland and the United Kingdom (UK)

Data Privacy.
Where Participant is a resident of the EU/EEA, Switzerland or the UK, the following provision applies and supplements Section 10
of the Award Agreement. Participant understands and acknowledges that:

The data controller is the Company; queries or requests regarding the Participants
Personal Data should be made in writing to the Companys representative relating to the Plan or Option matters, Paula Green, SVP
Human Resources, who may be contacted at:pgreen@twistbioscience.com;

The legal basis for the processing of Personal Data is that the processing is necessary for
the performance of a contract to which the Participant is a party (namely, this Award Agreement);

Personal Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage
Participants participation in the Plan; He or she may, at any time,
access his or her Personal Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Personal Data, require any necessary
amendments to Personal Data without cost or exercise any other rights Participant may have in relation to his or her Personal Data under
applicable law, including the right to make a complaint to an EU/EEA data protection regulator, the Federal Data Protection
and Information Commissioner in Switzerland, or the UK Information Commissioners Office in the UK, as applicable.

Belgium
Belgium Option Acceptance. For Belgian tax purposes you are not permitted to accept this Option
grant until after the 60th day following the Offer Date, which is defined under Belgian tax law as the date that the grant
(including this Agreement and other relevant documentation) is communicated to you. Any acceptance of this option shall be automatically
deemed to be accepted after the 60th day following such Offer Date. You should consult with your personal tax advisor regarding
the Option and your liability for income taxes and social contributions.

Australia
Statement under Section 83A-105 of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth). Subdivision
83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act) applies to the Plan and this Option, subject to the requirements
of the Act. Accordingly, it is intended for income tax in relation to the Option to be deferred until exercise, unless your employment
is terminated for any reason prior to exercise. However, the Company is not providing tax advice, and you should consult your personal
advisor for the precise tax treatment of the Option.

Austria
Foreign Ownership Reporting. If you are an Austrian national who owns securities in foreign
deposits (e.g., Shares), you must file an annual notification with the Austrian National Bank if the value of the securities in foreign
deposits reaches or exceeds EUR 5 million or equivalent at the end of the year. If the value of these securities in foreign deposits
reaches or exceeds EUR 30 million or equivalent at the end of a quarter, then these notifications shall be made quarterly.

China
Foreign Exchange and Tax Process Information. By accepting this Option, you agree to the following:

The
Option may be exercised via cashless exercise methods only. Following the vesting of the Option, you may exercise any or all of the vested
Option by providing irrevocable instructions to the Companys stock plan service provider. Upon your instruction to exercise, the
stock plan service provider will simultaneously sell (out of the Shares subject to the Option you exercise) the number of Shares that
is sufficient to pay the Exercise Price of the Option you are exercising, as well as applicable brokerage fees. You may immediately sell
the remaining Shares you receive upon the exercise of the Option or hold the Shares in your participant account with the stock plan service
provider to sell at a later date. However, you will not be permitted to move Shares out of your participant account other than upon the
sale of such Shares.

Due
to foreign exchange restrictions in China, you are required to immediately repatriate all proceeds received from dividend payments (if
any) and/or the sale of Shares to China through a domestic special foreign exchange account that the Company has established for this
purpose. Funds received upon the sale of Shares may not be reinvested or used to purchase other assets in the United States. By accepting
the Options, you agree to this repatriation process. The stock plan service provider will remit the proceeds from any sale of Shares,
less any commissions or other fees, directly to the Companys special foreign exchange account.

Under
the Companys current policy, the proceeds will then be distributed to your individual USD or RMB (as specified by the Company)
account, subject to the Company determination that you have paid (through payroll withholdings, direct reimbursement to the Employer,
sell-to-cover, or other method as specified by the Company) any tax withholding amounts that are due. The Company also reserves the right
to transfer a portion of or all proceeds to the Employer or to the tax authorities to pay any tax withholding amounts that are due.

You
further acknowledge that any Award of Options that you receive under the Plan is taxable as per personal income tax law of China. You
accept that paying Personal Income Tax in China (PIT) is your legal responsibility and that the Employer has the obligation
to withhold related PIT. You understand and agree to the procedures described to be applied to the Shares and income you may receive
in relation to this Option.

Please
note that Option and Share transactions are processed in U.S. Dollars. However, the calculation and submission of PIT are required to
be in Chinese Yuan. You agree that the exchange rate applicable to the calculation of PIT shall be as determined by the Company in its
sole discretion. Furthermore, the Company will submit a tax return and make a payment on your behalf as required under PRC law. You authorize
the Company, at its discretion, to deduct PIT payable through your monthly payroll. You also agree to make immediate payment to the Company
if the salary deduction is not sufficient for the required personal income tax withholding. In addition, you authorize the Company to
sell a sufficient number of Shares from exercised Options, or to take any other measures permitted under the Plan or the Award Agreement
to cover the taxes due. If requested by the Company, you are responsible for providing a personal domestic bank account to receive the
stock sale proceeds in U.S. Dollars. You are responsible for the accuracy of the account information provided to the Company and for
ensuring that the bank account is able to receive deposits in U.S. Dollars. You acknowledge that the Company and the Employer will not
release any proceeds to you, whether to a designated personal bank or through payroll, until the payment of the full amount of the PIT
is received by the Company or the Employer (as evidenced by a tax payment slip).

Please
note that the foreign exchange and tax processes that are deemed necessary or advisable by the Company in order to comply with the requirements
of the State Administration Foreign Exchange and other PRC laws and to otherwise administer the Plan are subject to change. The Company
may unilaterally change any of the above procedures if the Company in its sole discretion deems it necessary or advisable to make such
change.

Exercise
of Options and Sale of Shares Following Termination of Employment (except in the event of death, Disability or Cause). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Plan and Termination Period section of the Notice of Stock Option Grant, in the event of termination
of employment (except in the event of death, Disability or Cause), the Option must be exercised with respect to any vested Shares and
such Shares must be sold before the end of the 90 days following such termination of employment. Any portion of the Option that is not
exercised within 90 days following such termination of employment shall be forfeited. Furthermore, you are not permitted to hold any
Shares received under the Plan after 90 days following termination of employment. Any Shares received from an exercise will be subject
to sale by the end of the 90th day after termination of employment. To comply with such sale by end of the 90th
day after termination, you hereby direct and authorize the Company and the stock plan service provider to sell your Shares at such time
and you agree to sign any power of attorney or other form that may be required by the Company or stock plan service provider to undertake
such action at such time.

Exercise
of Options and Sale of Shares Following Termination due to Death or Disability. Notwithstanding
in the Plan and the Termination Period section of the Notice of Stock Option Grant, in the event of termination of employment due to
death or Disability, the Option must be exercised with respect to any vested Shares and such Shares must be sold before the end of the
6th month following such termination of employment. Any portion of the Option that is not exercised within six (6) months
following such termination of employment shall be forfeited. Furthermore, you are not permitted to hold any Shares received under the
Plan after 6 months following your Termination of Employment. Any Shares received from an exercise will be subject to sale by the end
of the 6th month after termination of employment. To comply with such sale by end of the 6th month after termination, you
hereby direct and authorize the Company and the stock plan service provider to sell your Shares at such time and you agree to sign any
power of attorney or other form that may be required by the Company or stock plan service provider to undertake such action at such time.

France
Foreign Ownership Reporting. Residents of France with foreign account balances in excess of
EUR 1 million or its equivalent must report monthly to the Bank of France.

Consent
to Receive Information in English. By accepting the Stock Options, you confirm having read and
understood the Plan and the Agreement, which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly.
En acceptant ces options, vous confirmez avoir lu et compris les termes du Plan et ce Contrat, qui comprennent tous leurs termes et
conditions et qui ont t transmis en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les dispositions de ces documents en connaissance
de cause.

Israel
Israel Sub-Plan. This grant is also subject to the Sub-Plan for Israeli Participants and is
hereby designated as follows:

___X__102 Capital Gain Track Award

______102
Ordinary Income Track Award

______102
Non-Trustee Award

______3(9) Award

The
terms used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan and Israeli Sub-Plan. In the event of any conflict, whether explicit
or implied, between the provision of this Award Agreement and the Sub-Plan, the provisions set out in the Sub-Plan shall prevail. By
accepting this grant, you acknowledge that a copy of the Israeli Sub-Plan has been provided to you. The Israeli Sub-Plan may also be
obtained by contacting Manager HR, Tel Aviv.

To
the extent the Option is designated above as either a 102 Capital Gain Track Award or a 102 Ordinary Income Track Award, Participant
declares and acknowledges that he or she: (i) fully understands that Section 102 applies to the Option specified in this Notice
of Option Grant and Award Agreement; (ii) understands the provisions of Section 102, the tax track chosen and the implications
thereof; (iii) agrees to the terms of the Trust Agreement between the Company and the Trustee, as well as the requirements of the
Israeli Tax Authority, (iv) understands that releasing the Shares from the control or holding of the Trustee prior to the termination
of the Required Holding Period constitutes a violation of the terms of Section 102 and agrees to bear the relevant sanctions; (v) authorizes
the Company and/or the applicable Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate to provide the Trustee with any information required for the purpose
of administering the Plan including executing its obligations under the Ordinance, the trust deed and the Trust Agreement, including
without limitation information about his/her Shares, income tax rates, salary bank account, contact details and identification number;
and (vii) declares that he/she is a resident of the State of Israel for tax purposes on the Grant Date and agrees to notify the
Company upon any change in the residence address indicated above and acknowledges that if he/she ceases to be an Israeli resident or
if his/her engagement with the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate is terminated, the Shares shall remain subject to Section 102,
the Trust Agreement, the Plan, the Sub-Plan, and this Agreement.

The
grant of the Option is conditioned upon Participant signing all documents requested by the Company, the Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate,
or the Trustee, in accordance with the Trust Agreement.

A
copy of the Trust Agreement is available for Participants review, during normal working hours at his or her local entitys
offices.

With
respect to 102 Trustee Award, the Shares issued upon exercise or vesting of such 102 Trustee Award shall be issued to and in the name
of the Trustee on behalf of Participant, and shall be held by the Trustee in trust on behalf of Participant; provided, however,
that in the event Participant elects to receive the Shares directly to his/her possession, the transfer from the Trustee shall be subject
to the payment of any and all applicable taxes by Participant, to the satisfaction of each of the Trustee and the Company, until the
full payment of required taxes, as applicable.

Further
to Section 12 of the Award Agreement, with respect to 102 Trustee Award, Participant shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, give
as a collateral, or grant any right to any third party or release from trust any Option and any Share received and/or any additional
rights, including bonus shares that may be distributed to Participant in connection with such 102 Trustee Award (the Additional
Rights), which will be allocated to the Trustee on behalf of Participant and shall be held in trust or controlled by
the Trustee for the benefit of Participant, until at least the lapse of the Required Holding Period. Notwithstanding the above, if any
such sale or release occurs during the Required Holding Period, the sanctions under Section 102 shall apply to and shall be borne
by Participant. At the end of the Required Holding Period, the Options or Shares underlying the Options or any Additional Rights may
be transferred to Participant upon his or her demand, but only under the condition that the tax due in accordance with Section 102
is paid to the satisfaction of the Trustee and the Company. With respect to any Award granted by the Company pursuant to Section 102(c) of
the Ordinance (which provides for ordinary income Awards administered by the Trustee), the Award and all rights (if any) that accrue
thereon shall be allocated or issued to the Trustee, who shall hold such Award and all rights accrued thereon (if any) in trust for the
benefit of Participant and/or the Company, as the case may be, until the full payment of required taxes arising from such Award and/or
rights accrued thereon (if any).

Any
fees associated with any vesting, exercise, sale, transfer or any act in relation to the Awards shall be borne by the Participant, and
the Trustee, the Company, and/or any Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate shall be entitled to withhold or deduct such fees from payments
otherwise due to the Participant from the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary, or affiliate, or the Trustee.

Notwithstanding
Section 25 of the Award Agreement, the Ordinance will apply to the tax treatment of grants made under the Israeli Sub-Plan (and
requirements and restrictions related thereto).

Securities
Law Notice. If required under applicable law, the Company shall use reasonable efforts to receive
a securities exemption from the Israeli Securities Authority to avoid the requirement to file an Israeli securities prospectus in relation
to the Plan. If such exemption is obtained, copies of the Plan and the Form S-8 or S-1 registration statement for the Plan as filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission will be made available by request from Manager HR, Tel Aviv. A Hebrew translation may
be provided upon request.

Italy
Data Privacy Consent. Pursuant to the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation EU No. 2016/679) and to Legislative Decree
no. 196/2003, the Controller of personal data processing is Twist Biosciences Corporation, with registered offices at 681 Gateway Blvd,
South San Francisco, CA 94080 USA, and its Representative in Italy for privacy purposes is Paula Green, SVP, Human Resources, at pgreen@twistbioscience.com.

By
accepting this Option, you understand that Personal Data processing related to the purposes specified above shall take place under automated
or non-automated conditions, anonymously when possible, that comply with the purposes for which Personal Data are collected and with
confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations, with specific reference to the GDPR (General
Data Protection Regulation EU No. 2016/679) and to Legislative Decree no. 196/200.

The
processing activity, including the communication and transfer of your Personal Data abroad, including outside of the European Union,
as herein specified and pursuant to applicable law, does not require your consent thereto as the processing is necessary for the performance
of contractual obligations related to the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the use of your
Personal Data will be minimized where it is not necessary for the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You further
understand that, pursuant to Sections 12 to 21 of the GDPR, you have the right to, including but not limited to, (i) access, (ii) delete,
(iii) update, and (iv) ask for rectification of your Personal Data, as well as to request, from the Controller, the (v) 
restriction of processing concerning your Personal Data or to (vi) object to processing, as well as the right to (vii) data
portability. Furthermore, you are aware that your Personal Data will not be used for direct marketing purposes.

Japan
Securities Law Notice. With respect to this Option, the Company hereby informs you that (a) a
filing under the provisions of Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (FIEL)
has not been made as any solicitation of an application to acquire this Option in relation to the issuance thereof constitutes a private
placement to a small number of investors (shoninzu muke kanyu) as provided under Article 23-13, Paragraph 4, Item 1 (i) of
the FIEL, and (b) this Option may not be transferred (including a transfer thereof in whole) other than by will or by the laws of
descent or distribution (subject to compliance with Applicable Laws).

Securities
Law . (a)
23134
141(b)

Share
Ownership and Payment Reporting. If you acquire Shares valued at more than 100,000,000
total, you must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance (MOF) through the Bank of Japan within
20 days of the acquisition of the Shares.

In
addition, if you pay more than 30,000,000 in a single transaction for the Shares at exercise of the Option, you must file a
Payment Report with the MOF through the Bank of Japan by the 20th day of the month
following the month in which the payment was made. The precise reporting requirements may vary depending on the bank handling the
payment.

A
Payment Report is required independently of a Securities Acquisition Report. Consequently, if the total amount that you pay on a one-time
basis at exercise of the Option exceeds 100,000,000, you must file both a Payment Report and a Securities Acquisition Report.

Exit
Tax. Please note that you may be subject to tax on your Options, even prior to vesting or exercise,
if you relocate from Japan if you (1) hold financial assets with an aggregate value of 100,000,000 or more upon departure from
Japan and (2) maintained a principle place of residence (jusho) or temporary place of abode (kyosho) in Japan for
5 years or more during the 10-year period immediately prior to departing Japan. You should discuss your tax treatment with your personal
tax advisor.

Singapore
Securities Law Notice. This offer and Common Stock to be issued hereunder shall be made available
only to an employee, director, consultant, or other qualifying person of the Company or its Subsidiary, in reliance on
the prospectus exemption set out in Section 273(1)(i) read together with Section 273(2) of the Securities and Futures
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the SFA) and is not made with a view to the Common Stock so issued being subsequently offered
for sale or sold to any other party in Singapore. You understand and acknowledge that this Agreement and/or any other document or material
in connection with this offer and the Common Stock thereunder have not been and will not be lodged, registered or reviewed by the Monetary
Authority of Singapore. Any and all Common Stock to be issued hereunder shall therefore be subject to the general resale restriction
under Section 257 of the SFA, and you undertake not to make any subsequent sale in Singapore, or any offer of sale in Singapore,
of any of the shares of Common Stock (received upon exercise of this offer), unless that sale or offer in Singapore is made pursuant
to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) other than Section 280 of the SFA.

Director
Reporting. If you are a director or shadow director of a Singapore Subsidiary, you may be subject
to special reporting requirements with regard to the acquisition of shares or rights over Shares. Please contact your personal legal
advisor for further details if you are a director or shadow director.

Exit
Tax / Deemed Exercise Rule. If you are deemed by the Singapore tax authorities to have received
Options in relation to your employment in Singapore, notwithstanding the fact that you are not employed by the Company or any Parent
or Subsidiary, please note that if, prior to the exercise of the Options, you are 1) a permanent resident of Singapore and leave

-9-

Singapore
permanently or are transferred out of Singapore; or 2) neither a Singapore citizen nor permanent resident and either cease employment
in Singapore or leave Singapore for any period exceeding 3 months (unless it can be proven that you are not leaving permanently), you
will likely be taxed on the Options on a deemed exercise basis, even if your Options have not yet vested. You should discuss
your tax treatment with your personal tax advisor.

United
Kingdom The following supplements Section 5 of the Agreement:

Withholding
of Tax. If payment or withholding of the Tax-Related Items is not made within ninety (90) days
of the end of the UK tax year in which the event giving rise to the Tax-Related Items occurs (the Due Date) or such other
period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003, the amount of any uncollected
Tax-Related Items will constitute a loan owed by Participant to the Employer, effective on the Due Date. Participant agrees that the
loan will bear interest at the then-current Official Rate of Her Majestys Revenue and Customs (HMRC), it will be
immediately due and repayable, and the Company or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to
in Section 5(b) of the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is a director or executive officer of
the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), Participant
will not be eligible for such a loan to cover the Tax-Related Items. In the event that Participant is a director or executive officer
and the Tax-Related Items are not collected from or paid by Participant by the Due Date, the amount of any uncollected Tax-Related Items
will constitute a benefit to Participant on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions will be payable. Participant
will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment
regime.

HMRC
National Insurance Contributions. Participant agrees that (a) Tax Related Items within
Section 5(a) of the Award Agreement shall include any secondary class 1 (employer) National Insurance Contributions that (i) any
employer (or former employer) of Participant is liable to pay (or reasonably believes it is liable to pay); and (ii) may be lawfully
recovered from Participant; and (b) if required to do so by the Company (at any time when the relevant election can be made) Participant
shall: (i) make a joint election (with the employer or former employer) in the form provided by the Company to transfer to Participant
the whole or any part of the employers liability; and (ii) enter into arrangements required by HM Revenue & Customs
(or any other tax authority) to secure the payment of the transferred liability.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>twst-20250205.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>twst-20250205_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>twst-20250205_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 05, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --09-30

Entity File Number 001-38720

Entity Registrant Name Twist Bioscience Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001581280

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-2058888

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 681 Gateway Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town South San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94080

City Area Code 800

Local Phone Number 719-0671

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol TWST

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://twistbioscience.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm255980d2_8k.htm 
twst-20250205.xsd 
twst-20250205_lab.xml 
twst-20250205_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-011543-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm255980d2_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001581280 

2025-02-05 
2025-02-05 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--09-30 
0001581280 
8-K 
2025-02-05 
Twist Bioscience Corporation 
DE 
001-38720 
46-2058888 
681 Gateway Boulevard 
South San Francisco 
CA 
94080 
800 
719-0671 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
TWST 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>