<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-036869.txt : 20250421
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-036869.hdr.sgml : 20250421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250421164858
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-036869
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250421
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enfusion, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001868912
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40949
		FILM NUMBER:		25853954

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		125 SOUTH CLARK STREET, SUITE 750
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60603
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(312) 253-9800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		125 SOUTH CLARK STREET, SUITE 750
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60603
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512751d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000186891200018689122025-04-212025-04-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant
to Section13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest
event reported): April 21, 2025

Enfusion, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-40949 87-1268462

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

125 South Clark Street, Suite 750, Chicago, Illinois 60603

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(312) 253-9800

Registrants telephone number, including area code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e- 4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share(1) ENFN New York Stock Exchange

(1) The Class A Common Stock of Enfusion, Inc. ceased being traded
prior to the opening of the market on April 21, 2025 and will no longer be listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

As previously announced, on
January 10, 2025, Enfusion, Inc. (Enfusion) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Clearwater
Analytics Holdings, Inc. (Clearwater), Poseidon Acquirer, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Clearwater
(Acquirer), Poseidon Merger Sub I, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Clearwater (Merger Sub),
Poseidon Merger Sub II, LLC, an indirect subsidiary of Clearwater (Merger Sub II), and Enfusion Ltd. LLC, a subsidiary
of Enfusion (Enfusion OpCo). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on April 21, 2025 (the Closing
Date), (i) Merger Sub II merged with and into Enfusion OpCo (the LLC Merger), with Enfusion OpCo
surviving the LLC Merger as an indirect subsidiary of Clearwater, (ii) Merger Sub merged with and into Enfusion (the First
Merger), with Enfusion surviving the First Merger as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Clearwater (the Surviving
Corporation), and (iii) the Surviving Corporation merged with and into Acquirer (the Second Merger
and, together with the First Merger, the Corporate Mergers and the Corporate Mergers, together with the LLC Merger,
the Mergers), with Acquirer surviving the Second Merger as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Clearwater. The Mergers
were approved by a majority of the stockholders of Enfusion at a special meeting of Enfusions stockholders on April 17, 2025.
The events described in this Current Report on Form 8-K took place in connection with the closing of the Mergers.

Item 1.02. Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

Substantially
concurrently with the closing of the Mergers, all loans and other obligations outstanding under the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 15,
2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) (the Credit Agreement),
by and among Enfusion, Enfusion OpCo, the guarantors party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent, swingline lender and
L/C issuer and the lenders thereto, were repaid and the credit facilities thereunder were terminated.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

As discussed in the Introductory
Note, which is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference, on April 21, 2025, Enfusion and Clearwater completed the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (i) at the effective time of the First Merger
(the Effective Time), among other things, each (x) share of Class A common stock of Enfusion, par value
$0.001 per share, that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares owned by Enfusion, Clearwater
or any of their respective wholly-owned subsidiaries, in each case not held on behalf of third parties) (Enfusion Common Stock)
and (y) restricted stock unit of Enfusion that was vested as of immediately prior to the Effective Time or that vested in accordance
with its terms as a result of the consummation of the Mergers (Enfusion Vested RSUs) and (ii) at the effective
time of the LLC Merger (the LLC Merger Effective Time), each unit of common limited liability company membership
interest (other than units owned by Enfusion, Clearwater or any of their respective wholly-owned subsidiaries, in each case not held on
behalf of third parties) in Enfusion OpCo outstanding as of immediately prior to the LLC Merger Effective Time (Enfusion Common
Units and together with Enfusion Common Stock and Enfusion Vested RSUs, each, an Eligible Share) was automatically
cancelled and ceased to exist and was converted into the right, at the election of the holder of such Eligible Share, to elect to receive
(together, the Merger Consideration), subject to proration according to the terms of the Merger Agreement, either:

(1) (i) cash in an amount equal to $5.85 and (ii) a number of shares of Class A common stock
of Clearwater, par value $0.001 per share (the Clearwater Common Stock) equal to the Per Share Parent Stock Amount
(as defined herein) (the Per Share Mixed Consideration);

(2) a number of shares of Clearwater Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined herein) (the Per
Share Stock Consideration); or

(3) cash in an amount equal to the Aggregate Consideration Per Share (as defined herein) (the Per
Share Cash Consideration); and

in each case, cash in lieu of fractional shares
of Clearwater Common Stock that such holder of Eligible Share would otherwise be entitled to receive.

Pursuant to the terms of the
Merger Agreement: (1) the Per Share Parent Stock Amount was to be determined by dividing $5.40 by the volume-weighted
average price (such price, the Final Parent Stock Price) of one share of Clearwater Common Stock for the ten-trading
day period ending on (and including) the second to last trading day prior to (but not including) the closing date of the Mergers (the
Closing Date); provided that (x) if the Final Parent Stock Price was less than or equal to $25.0133,
then the Per Share Parent Stock Amount would be deemed to be 0.2159 and (y) if the Final Parent Stock Price was greater than or equal
to $30.5718, then the Per Share Parent Stock Amount would be deemed to be 0.1766; (2) the Aggregate Consideration Per Share
was to be determined by dividing the Aggregate Consideration (as defined herein) by the total number of Eligible Shares; (3) the
Aggregate Consideration was to be determined as the sum of (i) a number of shares of Clearwater Common Stock
equal to the product of (x) the Per Share Parent Stock Amount multiplied by (y) the total number of Eligible Shares multiplied
by (z) the Final Parent Stock Price and (ii) the product of $5.85 multiplied by the total number of Eligible Shares; and (4) the
Exchange Ratio was to be determined by dividing the Aggregate Consideration Per Share by the Final Parent Stock Price.

There were 129,995,464 Eligible
Shares as of the Closing Date. As the Final Parent Stock Price as of April 16, 2025, the second to last trading day prior to the
Closing Date, was $23.2440, which was less than $25.0133, (w) the Per Share Parent Stock Amount was deemed to be 0.2159, (x) the
Aggregate Consideration was equal to $1,412,840,049.03, (y) the Aggregate Consideration Per Share was equal to $10.87 and (z) the
Exchange Ratio was 0.4676. As the Per Share Cash Consideration option was oversubscribed, such election is subject to proration pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement so that the total number of Eligible Shares entitled to receive cash consideration is equal to approximately
52% of the aggregate number of Eligible Shares and the total number of Eligible Shares entitled to receive stock consideration is equal
to approximately 48% of the aggregate number of Eligible Shares. Based on the foregoing and subject to proration in accordance with the
terms of the Merger Agreement,

(1) stockholders of Enfusion who made a valid election by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on April 16, 2025
(the Election Deadline) to receive the Per Share Mixed Consideration have the right to receive (i) cash in an
amount equal to $5.85 and (ii) 0.2159 shares of Clearwater Common Stock;

(2) stockholders of Enfusion who made a valid election by the Election Deadline to receive the Per Share Stock
Consideration have the right to receive 0.4676 shares of Clearwater Common Stock;

(3) stockholders of Enfusion who made a valid election by the Election Deadline to receive the Per Share Cash
Consideration have the right to receive $10.87 for each Eligible Share in accordance with the proration mechanics described above; and

(4) stockholders of Enfusion who did not make a valid election or did not deliver a valid election form prior
to the Election Deadline have the right to receive 0.4676 shares of Clearwater Common Stock;

provided that, stockholders of Enfusion will receive
cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Clearwater Common Stock that such holder would otherwise be entitled to receive for an Eligible
Share.

Also at the Effective Time,
outstanding Enfusion equity-based awards under the Enfusion 2021 Stock Options and Incentive Plan (the Enfusion Stock Plan)
were treated as follows.

Treatment of Stock Options

Each option to purchase shares
of Enfusion Common Stock (Enfusion Stock Option) granted under the Enfusion Stock Plan, with a per share exercise
price that was less than the Per Share Cash Consideration (an In-the-Money Enfusion Option), whether vested or unvested,
that was outstanding and unexercised was cancelled immediately prior to the Effective Time in exchange for the right of the holder to
receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Enfusion Common Stock subject to such In-the-Money
Enfusion Option immediately prior to the Effective Time, multiplied by (ii) the excess of the Per Share Cash Consideration over the
exercise price of such In-the-Money Enfusion Option, less applicable tax withholding. Each Enfusion Stock Option with a per share exercise
price that was equal to or greater than the Per Share Cash Consideration that was outstanding and unexercised was cancelled immediately
prior to the Effective Time for no consideration.

Treatment of Restricted Stock Units

Each Enfusion Vested RSU was
cancelled at the Effective Time in exchange for the right of the holder to receive the per share Merger Consideration in respect of each
share of Enfusion Common Stock subject to such Enfusion Vested RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time, less applicable tax withholding,
in the form determined at the election of the holder in accordance with the election procedures described above.

Each Enfusion RSU that was
outstanding and unvested as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (and that did not vest in accordance with its terms as a result
of the consummation of the Mergers) (an Enfusion Unvested RSU) was assumed by Clearwater and converted at the Effective
Time into a Clearwater restricted stock award (an Assumed RSU), subject to the same terms and conditions as applied
to the Enfusion Unvested RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time. The number of shares of Clearwater Common Stock subject to each
Assumed RSU was equal to the product (rounded up to the nearest whole share) of (i) the number of shares of Enfusion Common Stock
subject to the corresponding Enfusion Unvested RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time, multiplied by (ii) the Exchange Ratio.

Treatment of Performance Stock Units

Each Enfusion restricted stock
unit that vests in whole or in part based on performance-based vesting conditions (an Enfusion PSU) that was outstanding
as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and vested as a result of the consummation of the Mergers was cancelled and converted at
the Effective Time into the right of the holder to receive the Per Share Mixed Consideration in respect of each share of Enfusion Common
Stock subject to such vested Enfusion PSU (with the applicable performance conditions deemed achieved or not achieved based on the terms
of the applicable award agreement), less applicable tax withholding. Each Enfusion PSU that did not vest at the Effective Time was cancelled
as of the Effective Time for no consideration.

The issuance of Clearwater
Common Stock in connection with the Mergers was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Clearwaters
registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-284816) (the Registration Statement), declared effective
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 12, 2025. The joint proxy statement/prospectus,
dated March 20, 2025, included in the Registration Statement contains additional information about the Mergers (the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus).

The foregoing description
of the Mergers is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the copy of the Merger Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1,
which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The information set forth
in the Introductory Note is incorporated into this Item 3.01 by reference.

In connection with the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Enfusion notified representatives of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
that such transactions had been completed and requested that the NYSE delist the Enfusion Common Stock. As a result, trading of Enfusion
Common Stock, which traded under the ticker symbol ENFN on the NYSE, was suspended prior to opening of trading on April 21,
2025. Enfusion requested that the NYSE file with the SEC a Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration under Section 12(b) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), on Form 25 in order to effect the delisting
of the Enfusion Common Stock from the NYSE and deregistration of such shares under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. Enfusion
intends to file with the SEC a Form 15 under the Exchange Act requesting deregistration of the Enfusion Common Stock under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act and suspension of Enfusions reporting obligations under Section 13 and Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth
in the Introductory Note and Items 2.01, 3.01, 5.01 and 5.03 is incorporated into this Item 3.03 by reference.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth
in the Introductory Note and Items 2.01 and 5.02 is incorporated into this Item 5.01 by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The information set forth
in Item 2.01 is incorporated into this Item 5.02 by reference.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
at the Effective Time, each of the members of the Enfusion Board of Directors as of immediately prior to the Effective Time ceased his
or her respective service as a director of Enfusion.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth
in Item 2.01 is incorporated into this Item 5.03 by reference.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
at the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Enfusion as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time were
respectively amended and restated to read in their entirety as set forth in Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, which are incorporated into this Item
5.03 by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

2.1* Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 10, 2025, by and among Enfusion, Inc., Enfusion Ltd. LLC, Clearwater Analytics Holdings, Inc., Poseidon Acquirer, Inc., Poseidon Merger Sub I, Inc. and Poseidon Merger Sub II, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Enfusion with the SEC on January 13, 2025).

3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of Enfusion, Inc.

3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of
Enfusion, Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Enfusion
hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 21, 2025 ENFUSION, INC.

By: /s/ Alphonse Valbrune

Name: Alphonse Valbrune

Title: Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512751d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION OF ENFUSION, inc.

(a Delaware corporation)

ARTICLE I

The name of the corporation
is Enfusion, Inc. (hereinafter called the Corporation).

ARTICLE II

The address of the Corporations
registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, in the County of New Castle,
Delaware 19808. The name of the Corporations registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE III

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
as it now exists or may hereafter be amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the DGCL).

ARTICLE IV

The
total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is one thousand (1,000)
shares of capital stock, all of which shall be common stock with a par value of one-tenth of one cent ($0.001)
per share (the Common Stock). Each holder of record of Common Stock shall be entitled to vote at all meetings of
the stockholders and shall have one vote for each share held by such holder of record. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock
may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of
the DGCL (or any successor provision thereto). The Common Stock authorized by this Article IV shall be issued for such consideration
as shall be fixed, from time to time, by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board). No stockholder of
the Corporation shall have any preemptive rights by virtue of this Certificate of Incorporation. The capital stock of the Corporation,
after the amount of the subscription price has been fully paid in, shall not be assessable for any purpose, and no stock issued as fully
paid shall ever be assessable or assessed. No stockholder of the Corporation, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall
be individually liable for the debts or liabilities of the Corporation.

ARTICLE V

From time to time, any of
the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation may be amended, altered or repealed, and other provisions authorized by the DGCL or
other statutes or laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force may be added or inserted in the manner and at the time prescribed
by said laws, and all rights at any time conferred upon the stockholders of the Corporation by this Certificate of Incorporation are granted
subject to this reservation.

ARTICLE VI

In furtherance and not in
limitation of the rights, powers, privileges and discretionary authority granted or conferred by the DGCL or other statutes or laws of
the State of Delaware, the Board, by a vote of a majority of the Board, is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws
of the Corporation (the Bylaws), without any action on the part of the stockholders, but the stockholders by a vote
of a majority of the stockholders may make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws whether adopted by them or otherwise. The Corporation may
in its Bylaws confer powers upon its Board in addition to the foregoing and in addition to the powers and authorities expressly conferred
upon the Board by applicable law.

ARTICLE VII

Election of directors need
not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so require. Except as otherwise provided in this Certificate of Incorporation or the
DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board. The total number of directors
shall be determined from time to time exclusively by resolution adopted by the Board. Any newly-created directorship on the Board that
results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy occurring in the Board (whether by death, resignation, retirement,
disqualification, removal or other cause) shall be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, by
a sole remaining director or by the stockholders.

ARTICLE VIII

The Corporation eliminates
the personal liability of each member of its Board and each officer to the Corporation or its stockholders to the fullest extent permitted
by Section 102(b)(7) of Title 8 of the DGCL; provided, however, that, to the extent required by applicable law,
the foregoing clause shall not eliminate the liability of a director (i) for any breach of such directors duty of loyalty
to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL or (iv) for any transaction from which such director derived
an improper personal benefit. No amendment to or repeal of this Article VIII shall apply to or have any effect on the liability
or alleged liability of any director for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment or
repeal.

ARTICLE IX

Meetings of stockholders may
be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide. Any action to be taken at any annual or special meeting of
the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting
forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding Common Stock having not less than the minimum number of votes
that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon were
present and voted, and shall be delivered to the Corporation.

The books of the Corporation
may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the DGCL) outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated
from time to time by the Board or in the Bylaws.

ARTICLE X

(a)The
Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or
in the right of the Corporation) (hereinafter a Proceeding) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director
or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of
such Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director or officer while serving as a director or officer, against all
expenses and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement, and excise taxes or penalties
arising under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith
and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer or employee and shall inure to the benefit
of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided in paragraph (c) of
this Article X, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a Proceeding (or
part thereof) initiated by such person only if such Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board.

(b)The
Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the
person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer
of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans,
whether the basis of such Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director or officer, while serving as a director or
officer, against all expenses and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement, and
excise taxes or penalties arising under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974), reasonably incurred or suffered by such
person in connection with the defense or settlement of such Proceeding and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has
ceased to be a director, officer or employee and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided,
however, that, except as provided in paragraph (c) hereof, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification
in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by
the Board; provided, further, that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which
such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Chancery Court of the State
of Delaware (the Court of Chancery) or the court in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application
that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled
to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.

(c)If
a claim under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Article X is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty (30) days
after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation
to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense
of prosecuting such claim. It shall be a defense to any such Proceeding (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses
incurred in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been
tendered to the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct which make it permissible under the DGCL for the Corporation
to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure
of the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of such Proceeding that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard
of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel, or its
stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the Proceeding or create a presumption
that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

(d)Expenses
incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or Proceeding shall (in the case of any action, suit or Proceeding against a director
of the Corporation) or may, as authorized by the Board, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law (in the case of any action, suit or
Proceeding against an officer, trustee, employee or agent), be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action,
suit or Proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the indemnified person to repay such amount, if it shall ultimately
be determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article X.

(e)The
indemnification and other rights set forth in this Article X shall not be exclusive of any provisions with respect thereto
in any statute, provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or any other contract or agreement between the Corporation
and any officer, director or employee. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board, grant rights to indemnification
and to the advancement of expenses to any agent of the Corporation or any person (other than a person who is entitled to indemnification
under clauses (a) or (b) of this Article X) who was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
manager, employee, agent or trustee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with
respect to employee benefit plans, to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article X with respect to the indemnification
and advancement of expenses of directors, officers and employees of the Corporation.

(f)The
Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation
or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or
not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.

(g)Neither
the amendment nor repeal of this Article X (by merger, consolidation or otherwise), nor the adoption of any provision of this
Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with Article X, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article X
in respect of any matter occurring before such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision or in respect of any cause of
action, suit or claim relating to any such matter which would have given rise to a right of indemnification or right to receive expenses
pursuant to this Article X if such provision had not been so amended or repealed or if a provision inconsistent therewith
had not been so adopted.

(h)No
director shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any stockholder for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director;
provided, however, that the foregoing shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director: (i) for any breach
of the directors duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders; (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or knowing violation of law; (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL; or (iv) for any transaction
from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. No officer of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as an officer, as applicable, except to the extent such an exemption from
liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as presently in effect or as the same may hereafter be amended. No amendment
to or repeal of this provision shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director or officer of the
Corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director or officer occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.

If the DGCL is amended after
the date hereof to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability
of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended.

The rights to indemnification
and advancement of expenses conferred upon directors and officers of the Corporation in this Article X shall be contract rights,
shall vest when such person becomes a director or officer of the Corporation and shall continue as vested contract rights. Any repeal
or modification of the foregoing paragraph shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the Corporation
existing hereunder with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE XI

Neither any contract or other
transaction between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, firm, association,
or other entity (an Entity), nor any other acts of the Corporation with relation to any other Entity will, in the
absence of fraud, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in any way be invalidated or otherwise affected by the fact that
any one or more of the directors or officers of the Corporation are pecuniarily or otherwise interested in, or are directors, officers,
partners, or members of, such other Entity (such directors, officers, and Entities, each a Related Person). Any Related
Person may be a party to, or may be pecuniarily or otherwise interested in, any contract or transaction of the Corporation; provided,
however, that the fact that person is a Related Person is disclosed or is known to the Board or a majority of directors present
at any meeting of the Board at which action upon any such contract or transaction is taken. Any director of the Corporation who is also
a Related Person may be counted in determining the existence of a quorum at any meeting of the Board during which any such contract or
transaction is authorized and may vote thereat to authorize any such contract or transaction, with like force and effect as if such person
were not a Related Person. Any director of the Corporation may vote upon any contract or any other transaction between the Corporation
and any subsidiary or affiliated corporation without regard to the fact that such person is also a director or officer of such subsidiary
or affiliated corporation.

(a) Any contract, transaction or act of the Corporation or of the directors that is ratified at any annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, at any special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation called for such purpose,
or by written consent or consents of the stockholders pursuant to Article IX, will, insofar as permitted by applicable law,
be as valid and as binding as though ratified by every stockholder of the Corporation; provided, however, that any failure
of the stockholders to approve or ratify any such contract, transaction or act, when and if submitted, will not be deemed in any way to
invalidate the same or deprive the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees, of its or their right to proceed with such contract,
transaction or act.

Subject to any express agreement
that may from time to time be in effect, (x) any director or officer of the Corporation who is also an officer, director, partner,
employee, managing director or other affiliate of Galibier Purchaser LLC, WP CA Holdco, L.P., WCAS XII Carbon Analytics Acquisition, L.P.,
WCAS GP CW LLC, WCAS XIII Carbon Analytics Acquisition, L.P., Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe XII Delaware, L.P., Welsh, Carson,
Anderson & Stowe XII Delaware II, L.P., Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe XII Cayman, L.P., WCAS XII Carbon Investors,
L.P. or WCAS XIII Carbon Investors, L.P. (the foregoing collectively, the Investors), or any of their respective
affiliates (the Investor Affiliates) and (y) the Investors, the Investor Affiliates and their respective affiliates
(the persons and entities in clauses (x) and (y), each a Covered Person), may, and shall have no duty not to,
in each case on behalf of the Managers or their affiliates, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, (i) carry on and conduct,
whether directly, or as a partner in any partnership, or as a joint venturer in any joint venture, or as an officer, director or stockholder
of any corporation, or as a participant in any syndicate, pool, trust or association, any business of any kind, nature or description,
whether or not such business is competitive with or in the same or similar lines of business as the Corporation, (ii) do business
with any client, customer, vendor or lessor of any of the Corporation or its affiliates, and (iii) make investments in any kind of
property in which the Corporation may make investments. To the fullest extent permitted by Section 122(17) of the DGCL, the Corporation
hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation to participate in any business of the Covered Persons, and waives any claim
against a Covered Person and shall indemnify a Covered Person against any claim that such Covered Person is liable to the Corporation
or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of such persons or entitys participation in any such
business.

In the event that a Covered
Person acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or matter which may constitute a corporate opportunity for both (x) the Covered
Person, in his or her Investor-related capacity, as the case may be, or an Investor, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
as the case may be, or an Investor Affiliate and (y) the Corporation, the Covered Person shall not have any duty to offer or communicate
information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Corporation. To the fullest extent permitted by Section 122(17) of the DGCL,
the Corporation hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation in such corporate opportunity and waives any claim against
each Covered Person and shall indemnify a Covered Person against any claim, that such Covered Person is liable to the Corporation or its
stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that such Covered Person (i) pursues or acquires any corporate
opportunity for its own account or the account of any affiliate, (ii) directs, recommends, sells, assigns or otherwise transfers
such corporate opportunity to another person or (iii) does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the
Corporation, provided, however, in each case, that any corporate opportunity which is expressly offered to a Covered Person
in writing, solely in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the Corporation, shall belong to the Corporation. In addition to
and not withstanding the provisions of this Article XI, a corporate opportunity shall not be deemed to be a potential corporate
opportunity to the Corporation if it is a business opportunity that (i) the Corporation is neither financially or legally able, nor
contractually permitted to undertake, (ii) from its nature, is not in the line of the Corporations business or is of no practical
advantage to the Corporation or (iii) is one in which the Corporation has no interest or reasonable expectancy.

Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
to the provisions of this Article XI.

This Article XI
may not be amended, modified or repealed without the prior written consent of each of the Investors.

In the event of a conflict
between this Article XI and any other Article or provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, this Article XI
shall prevail under all circumstances.

ARTICLE XII

Unless the Corporation consents
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by
any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (c) any action
asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs
doctrine, in each such case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants
therein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed
to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XII.

ARTICLE XIII

The Corporation elects not
to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL.

*********
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2512751d1_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

ENFUSION, INC.

A Delaware Corporation

ARTICLE I

OFFICE

Section 1. Registered
Office. The registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware shall be located at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington,
New Castle County, Delaware 19808. The name of the corporations registered agent at such address shall be Corporation Service Company.
The registered office and/or registered agent of the corporation may be changed from time to time by action of the board of directors.

Section 2. Other Offices.
The corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the board of directors may
from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. Place and
Time of Meetings. An annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held each year for the purpose of electing directors and conducting
such other proper business as may come before the meeting. The date, time and place of the annual meeting shall be determined by resolution
of the board of directors. The board of directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that any meeting of stockholders of the corporation
shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication in accordance with Section 12
of this Article II, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). Only stockholders
entitled to vote at an annual meeting shall have the right to attend such annual meeting. The board of directors may postpone, reschedule
or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders of the corporation.

Section 2. Special
Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders may be called for any purpose (including, without limitation, the filling of board of directors
vacancies and newly created directorships), and may be held at such time and place, within or without the State of Delaware, as shall
be stated in a notice of meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. Such meetings may be called at any time by a majority
of the members of the board of directors, or upon the written request to the corporation of holders of shares entitled to cast not less
than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of the corporations voting stock. Only stockholders entitled to vote at a special
meeting shall have the right to attend such special meeting. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders
of the corporation as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Companys notice of meeting. The board of directors
may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders of the corporation; provided, however, that with
respect to any special meeting of stockholders of the corporation previously scheduled at the request of holders of 50% or more of the
voting power of all the outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation, the board of directors shall not postpone, reschedule or
cancel such special meeting without the prior written consent of such holders.

Section 3. Place of
Meetings. The board of directors may designate any place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the place of meeting
for any annual meeting or for any special meeting called by the board of directors. If no designation is made, or if a special meeting
be otherwise called, the meeting shall be held telephonically or at the principal executive office of the corporation.

Section 4. Notice.
Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take action at a meeting, written or printed notice stating the place, date, time,
and, in the case of special meetings, the purpose or purposes, of such meeting, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at
such meeting not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting. All such notices shall be delivered, either personally
or by mail, by or at the direction of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the secretary, and if mailed, such notice
shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at his, her or
its address as the same appears on the records of the corporation. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice
of such meeting, except when the person attends for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction
of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given
effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the corporation shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission
consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice
to the corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (1) the corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission
two consecutive notices given by the corporation in accordance with such consent and (2) such inability becomes known to the secretary
or an assistant secretary of the corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided
that the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. Notice given by
a form of electronic transmission shall be deemed given: (i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which
the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (ii) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which
the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (iii) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to
the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and
(iv) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant
secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the corporation that the notice has been given by a form of electronic transmission
shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. For purposes of this Section 4, electronic
transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper that creates a record that
may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient
through an automated process.

2

Section 5. Stockholders
List. The officer having charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall make, at least ten days before every meeting of the stockholders,
a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder
and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for
any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at
a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting or, if not so specified,
at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the
whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

Section 6. Quorum.
Except as otherwise provided by applicable law or by the corporations certificate of incorporation, a majority of the outstanding
shares of the corporation entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders.
If less than a majority of the outstanding shares is represented at a meeting, a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn the
meeting from time to time in accordance with Section 7 of this Article II, until a quorum shall be present or represented.

Section 7. Adjourned
Meetings. When a meeting is adjourned to another time and place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and
place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any
business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment
a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled
to vote at the meeting.

Section 8. Vote Required.
When a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of the majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and
entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders, unless the question is one upon which by express provisions
of an applicable law or of the corporations certificate of incorporation a different vote is required, in which case such express
provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. Where a separate vote by class is required, the affirmative vote of
the majority of shares of such class present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class, unless
the question is one upon which by express provisions of an applicable law or of the corporations certificate of incorporation a
different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question.

Section 9. Voting
Rights. Except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or by the corporations certificate
of incorporation and subject to Section 3 of Article VI hereof, every stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders
be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of stock entitled to vote held by such stockholder.

Section 10. Proxies.
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without
a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him, her or it by proxy. Every proxy must be signed by the stockholder granting
the proxy or by his, her or its attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy
provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long
as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of whether
the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the corporation generally.

3

Section 11. Action
by Written Consent. Unless otherwise provided in the corporations certificate of incorporation, any action required to be taken
at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting
of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting
forth the action so taken and bearing the dates of signature of the stockholders who signed the consent or consents, shall be signed by
the holders of outstanding stock having not less than a majority of the shares entitled to vote, or, if greater, not less than the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were
present and voted and shall be delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the state of Delaware, or the corporations
principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book or books in which proceedings of meetings
of the stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered
mail, return receipt requested; provided that no consent or consents delivered by certified or registered mail shall be deemed
delivered until such consent or consents are actually received at the registered office. All consents properly delivered in accordance
with this section shall be deemed to be recorded when so delivered. No written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action
referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent delivered to the corporation as required by this section, written
consents signed by the holders of a sufficient number of shares to take such corporate action are so recorded. Prompt notice of the taking
of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented
in writing. Any action taken pursuant to such written consent or consents of the stockholders shall have the same force and effect as
if taken by the stockholders at a meeting thereof.

Section 12. Remote
Communication. If authorized by the board of directors in its sole discretion, and subject to such rules, regulations and procedures
as the board of directors may adopt, stockholders of the corporation and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders
of the corporation may, by means of remote communication:

1. Participate
in a meeting of stockholders of the corporation; and

2. Be
deemed present and vote at a meeting of stockholders of the corporation whether sch meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely
by means of remote communication; provided; however, that:

(a) the
corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means
of remote communication is a stockholder of the corporation or proxyholder;

4

(b) the
corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders of the corporation and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity
to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders of the corporation, including an opportunity to read
or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings; and

(c) if
any stockholder of the corporation or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record
of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the corporation.

Section 13. Ratification
of Acts of Directors and Officers. Except as otherwise provided by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the corporation,
any transaction or contract or act of the Corporation or of the directors or the officers of the Corporation may be ratified by the affirmative
vote of the holders of the number of shares which would have been necessary to approve such transaction, contract or act at a meeting
of stockholders, or by the written consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

Section 1. General
Powers. The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the board of directors. The board
of directors may exercise all such authority and powers of the corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not, by the DGCL
or the certificate of incorporation of the corporation, directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders of the corporation.

Section 2. Number,
Election, Voting Rights and Term of Office. The number of directors shall be established by the board from time to time but shall
not be less than one (1) and not more than five (5). The directors shall be elected by a majority of the votes of the shares present
in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote in the election of directors. The directors shall be elected in
this manner at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 4 of this Article III. Each director
elected shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as
hereinafter provided.

Section 3. Removal
and Resignation. Any director or the entire board of directors may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Whenever the holders of any class or series are
entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the corporations certificate of incorporation, the provisions of this
section shall apply, in respect to the removal without cause of a director or directors so elected, to the vote of the holders of the
outstanding shares of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole. Any director may resign at any time
upon written notice to the corporation.

Section 4. Vacancies.
Except as otherwise provided by the corporations certificate of incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting
from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled
to vote thereon or by a majority of the members of the board of directors then in office. Each director so chosen shall hold office until
a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as herein provided.

5

Section 5. Annual
Meetings. The annual meeting of each newly elected board of directors shall be held without other notice than this bylaw immediately
after, and at the same place as, the annual meeting of stockholders.

Section 6. Other Meetings
and Notice. Regular meetings, other than the annual meeting, of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and
at such place as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the board of directors. Special meetings of the board of directors
may be called by or at the request of the chairman or a majority of the members of the board of directors then in office on at least four
days (if the meeting is to be held in person) or two days (if the meeting is to be held by telephone communications or video conference)
notice to each director, either personally, by telephone, by mail, by e-mail, or by telegraph with a sufficient time for the convenient
assembly (including, without limitation, in accordance with Section 10 of this Article III) of the directors thereat.

Section 7. Quorum,
Required Vote and Adjournment. A majority of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.
The vote of a majority of the total number of directors then appointed to the board of directors shall be the act of the board of directors.
If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the board of directors, the directors present thereat shall adjourn the meeting from
time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

Section 8. Committees.
The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the total number of directors then appointed to the board of directors,
designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation, which to the extent provided
in such resolution or these bylaws shall have and may exercise the powers of the board of directors in the management and affairs of the
corporation except as otherwise limited by law. The board of directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any
committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Such committee or committees shall have
such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the board of directors. Each committee shall keep regular
minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.

Section 9. Committee
Rules. Each committee of the board of directors may fix its own rules of procedure and shall hold its meetings as provided by
such rules, except as may otherwise be provided by a resolution of the board of directors designating such committee. Unless otherwise
provided in such a resolution, the presence of at least a majority of the members of the committee shall be necessary to constitute a
quorum. In the event that a member and that members alternate, if alternates are designated by the board of directors as provided
in Section 8 of this Article III, of such committee is or are absent or disqualified, the member or members thereof present
at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another
member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member.

6

Section 10. Communications
Equipment. Members of the board of directors or any committee thereof may participate in and act at any meeting of such board of directors
or committee through the use of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in
the meeting can hear each other, and participation in the meeting pursuant to this section shall constitute presence in person at the
meeting.

Section 11. Waiver
of Notice and Presumption of Assent. Any member of the board of directors or any committee thereof who is present at a meeting shall
be conclusively presumed to have waived notice of such meeting except when such member attends for the express purpose of objecting at
the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Such member shall
be conclusively presumed to have assented to any action taken unless his or her dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting
or unless his or her written dissent to such action shall be filed with the person acting as the secretary of the meeting before the adjournment
thereof or shall be forwarded by registered mail to the secretary of the corporation immediately after the adjournment of the meeting.
Such right to dissent shall not apply to any member who voted in favor of such action.

Section 12. Action
by Written Consent. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken
at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all the then members of the board
or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of
the board or committee.

Section 13. Fees and
Compensation. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the members of the board of directors
may, if it so desires, authorize members of the board of directors to be compensated for their expenses, if any, of attendance at each
regular or special meeting of the board of directors. Such compensation may, in the board of directors discretion, also include
a fixed sum for each meeting and an annual fee for serving as a director, such as may be allowed by resolution of the board of directors.
Directors who are officers or employees of the Corporation may receive, if the board of directors desires, fees for serving as directors.
Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving
compensation therefor.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

Section 1. Number.
The officers of the corporation shall be elected by the board of directors and may consist of a chairman, if any is elected, a chief executive
officer, a president, one or more vice presidents, a secretary, a chief financial officer and such other officers and assistant officers
as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the board of directors. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, except that no
person may simultaneously hold the office of president and secretary. In its discretion, the board of directors may choose not to fill
any office for any period as it may deem advisable.

Section 2. Election
and Term of Office. The officers of the corporation shall be elected annually by the board of directors at its first meeting held
after each annual meeting of stockholders or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. The chief executive officer shall appoint other
officers to serve for such terms as he or she deems desirable. Vacancies may be filled or new offices created and filled at any meeting
of the board of directors. Each officer shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier
death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided.

7

Section 3. Subordinate
Officers. In addition to the principal officers enumerated in Section 1 of this Article IV, the Corporation may have one
or more assistant treasurers, one or more assistant secretaries and such other officers, agents and employees as the board of directors
may deem necessary, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as the president, the
chief executive officer, if any, or the board of directors may from time to time designate. The board of directors may delegate to any
principal officer the power to appoint and to remove any such subordinate officers, agents or employees.

Section 4. Removal.
Any officer or agent elected by the board of directors may be removed by the board of directors whenever in its judgment the best interests
of the corporation would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person
so removed.

Section 5. Vacancies.
Any vacancy occurring in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise, may be filled by the board
of directors for the unexpired portion of the term by the board of directors then in office.

Section 6. Compensation.
Compensation of all officers shall be fixed by the board of directors, and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such compensation
by virtue of his or her also being a director of the corporation.

Section 7. Power and
duties. The officers shall each have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the Corporation as from time to time
may be prescribed by the board of directors and as may be delegated by the president or the chief executive officer, if any, without limiting
the foregoing.

Section 8. The Chairman
of the Board of Directors. The chairman of the board of directors, if one shall have been elected, shall be a member of the board
of directors and, if present, shall preside at each meeting of the board of directors or shareholders. The chairman of the board of directors,
in his or her capacity as the chairman of the board of directors, shall not have any of the rights, powers or obligations of an officer
of the corporation, unless he or she is appointed as an officer of the corporation by the board of directors.

Section 9. The Chief
Executive Officer. In the absence of the chairman of the board of directors or if a chairman of the board of directors shall have
not been elected, the chief executive officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and board of directors at which he or
she is present; subject to the powers of the board of directors, shall have general charge of the business, affairs and property of the
corporation, and control over its officers, agents and employees; and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the board of directors
are carried into effect. The chief executive officer shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by
the board of directors or as may be provided in these bylaws.

8

Section 10. The President.
The president shall, in the absence or disability of the chief executive officer, act with all of the powers and be subject to all the
restrictions of the chief executive officer. The president shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed
by the board of directors, the chief executive officer or as may be provided in these bylaws.

Section 11. Vice-presidents.
The vice-president, if any, or if there shall be more than one, the vice-presidents in the order determined by the board of directors
shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors, the chief executive officer or these bylaws may,
from time to time, prescribe.

Section 12. The Secretary
and Assistant Secretaries. The secretary shall attend all meetings of the board of directors, all meetings of the committees thereof
and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the meetings in a book or books to be kept for that purpose. Under
the chief executive officers supervision, the secretary shall give, or cause to be given, all notices required to be given by these
bylaws or by law; shall have such powers and perform such duties as the board of directors, the chief executive officer or these bylaws
may, from time to time, prescribe; and shall have custody of the corporate seal of the corporation. The secretary, or an assistant secretary,
shall have authority to affix the corporate seal to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by his or her
signature or by the signature of such assistant secretary. The board of directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix
the seal of the corporation and to attest the affixing by his or her signature. The assistant secretary, or if there be more than one,
the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the board of directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the secretary, perform
the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors,
the chief executive officer, or secretary may, from time to time, prescribe.

Section 13. The Chief
Financial Officer and Assistant Treasurer. The chief financial officer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities;
shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation; shall deposit all monies and
other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors; shall cause the funds
of the corporation to be disbursed when such disbursements have been duly authorized, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements; and
shall render to the chief executive officer and the board of directors, at its regular meeting or when the board of directors so requires,
an account of the corporation; shall have such powers and perform such duties as the board of directors, the chief executive officer or
these bylaws may, from time to time, prescribe. The assistant treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the assistant treasurers
in the order determined by the board of directors, shall in the absence or disability of the chief financial officer, perform the duties
and exercise the powers of the chief financial officer. The assistant treasurers shall perform such other duties and have such other powers
as the board of directors, the chief executive officer or chief financial officer may, from time to time, prescribe.

Section 14. Other
Officers, Assistant Officers and Agents. Officers, assistant officers and agents, if any, other than those whose duties are provided
for in these bylaws, shall have such authority and perform such duties as may from time to time be prescribed by resolution of the board
of directors.

9

Section 15. Absence
or Disability of Officers. In the case of the absence or disability of any officer of the corporation and of any person hereby authorized
to act in such officers place during such officers absence or disability, the board of directors may by resolution delegate
the powers and duties of such officer to any other officer or to any director, or to any other person whom it may select.

ARTICLE V

INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND OTHERS

The provisions of Article X
of the Corporations certificate of incorporation are hereby incorporated herein.

ARTICLE VI

CAPITAL STOCK

Section 1. Certificate
of Shares. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the board of directors may provide by
resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution
shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption
of such a resolution by the board of directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate
signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the chairman or vice chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer, or the
president or vice president, and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, Chief Administrative Officer or the secretary or an assistant
secretary of the Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form; provided, however, that, where any such
certificate is signed (a) by a transfer agent or an assistant transfer agent, or (b) by a transfer clerk acting on behalf of
the Corporation and a registrar, if the board of directors shall by resolution so authorize, the signature of such chairman of the board
of directors, president, vice president, treasurer, secretary, assistant treasurer or assistant secretary may be facsimiles thereof. In
case any officer or officers of the Corporation who shall have signed, or whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have been used
on, any such certificate shall cease to be such officer or officers, whether by reason of death, resignation or otherwise, before such
certificate shall have been delivered by the Corporation, such certificate may nevertheless be adopted by the Corporation and be issued
and delivered as though the person or persons who signed such certificate, or whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have been
affixed thereto, had not ceased to be such officer or officers.

Section 2. Stock Ledger.
A record shall be kept by the secretary, transfer agent or by any other officer, employee or agent designated by the board of directors
of the name of the person, firm or corporation holding the stock represented by such certificate, the number of shares represented by
such certificate, and the date of issuance thereof, and in case of cancellation, the date of cancellation.

Section 3. Cancellation.
Every certificate surrendered to the Corporation for exchange or transfer shall be cancelled, and no new certificate or certificates shall
be issued in exchange for any existing certificate until such existing certificate shall have been so cancelled, except in cases provided
for in Section 6 of this Article VI.

10

Section 4. Transfer
of Stock. Transfers of shares of the capital stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered
holder thereof, or by his attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary of the Corporation
or with a transfer clerk or a transfer agent appointed as provided in Section 6 of this Article VI, and on surrender of the
certificate or certificates for such shares properly endorsed and the payment of all taxes thereon. The person in whose name shares of
stock stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the Corporation; provided,
however, that whenever any transfer of shares shall be made for collateral security, and not absolutely, such fact, if known to
the secretary of the Corporation, shall be so expressed in the entry of transfer.

Section 5. Regulations.
The board of directors may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock of the Corporation. It may appoint,
or authorize any principal officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer clerks or one or more transfer agents and one or more
registrars, and may require all certificates of stock to bear the signature or signatures of any of them.

Section 6. Lost, Stolen,
Mutilated or Destroyed Certificates. As a condition to the issue of a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate theretofore
issued and alleged to have been lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the board of directors, in its discretion, may require the owner
of any such certificate, or his legal representatives, to give the Corporation a bond in such sum and in such form as it may direct or
to otherwise indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, mutilation
or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate. Proper evidence of such loss, theft, mutilation or destruction
shall be procured for the board of directors, if required. The board of directors, in its discretion, may authorize the issuance of such
new certificate without any bond when in its judgment it is proper to do so.

Section 7. Record
Date. The board of directors may fix a date (which shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is
adopted) in advance of, not exceeding 60 days preceding, the date of any meeting of stockholders (and in such case not less than 10 days
before the date of such meeting), or the date for the payment of any dividend or distribution, or the date for the allotment of rights,
or the date when any exercise of any rights, change or conversion or exchange of capital stock shall go into effect or a date in connection
with obtaining any written consent to corporate action without a meeting (and in such case not more than 10 days after the date on which
the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors), as a record date for the determination of the stockholders
entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting, and any adjournment thereof, or to receive payment of any dividend or distribution,
or to receive any such allotment of rights, or to exercise the rights in respect of any such change, conversion or exchange of capital
stock or to give such written consent, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the books of the Corporation after
any record date so fixed. If no record date is set by the board of directors then the record date shall, unless otherwise required by
law, be determined as follows:

(a) the record date for
determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next
preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which
the meeting is held;

11

(b) the record date for
determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting when no prior action of the board
of directors is required by law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed
to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law, or, if prior action by the board of directors is required
by law, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the board of directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action; and

(c) the record date for
determining stockholders for any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any
rights in respect to any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or any other purpose, shall be at the close of business on the day on
which the board of directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 8. Issue of
New Shares or Sale of Treasury Stock. Shares of the capital stock of the Corporation which have been authorized but not issued, and
treasury shares, may be issued or sold from time to time and for such consideration, not less than the par value thereof, as may be determined
by the board of directors.

ARTICLE VII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 1. Dividends.
Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the corporations certificate of incorporation,
if any, may be declared by the board of directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in
property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the corporations certificate of incorporation. Before
payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors
from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends,
or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or any other purpose and the directors may modify or abolish any such
reserve in the manner in which it was created.

Section 2. Checks,
Drafts or Orders. All checks, drafts, or other orders for the payment of money by or to the corporation and all notes and other evidences
of indebtedness issued in the name of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the corporation,
and in such manner, as shall be determined by resolution of the board of directors or a duly authorized committee thereof.

Section 3. Contracts.
The board of directors may authorize any officer or officers, or any agent or agents, of the corporation to enter into any contract or
to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to
specific instances.

12

Section 4. Loans.
The corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the corporation
or of its subsidiary, including any officer or employee who is a director of the corporation or its subsidiary, whenever, in the judgment
of the directors, such loan, guaranty or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the corporation. The loan, guaranty or other
assistance may be with or without interest, and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the board of directors shall approve, including,
without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the corporation. Nothing in this section contained shall be deemed to deny, limit or
restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the corporation at common law or under any statute.

Section 5. Fiscal
Year. The fiscal year end for the Corporation shall be on December 31 of each calendar year, unless otherwise fixed by resolution
of the board of directors.

Section 6. Corporate
Seal. The board of directors may provide a corporate seal that shall be in the form of a circle and shall have inscribed thereon the
name of the corporation and the words Corporate Seal, Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof
to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

Section 7. Voting
Securities Owned by Corporation. Voting securities in any other corporation held by the corporation shall be voted by the chairman,
unless the board of directors confers other authority to vote with respect thereto, which authority may be general or confined to specific
instances, upon some other person or officer. Any person authorized to vote securities shall have the power to appoint proxies, with general
power of substitution.

Section 8. Inspection
of Books and Records. Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating
the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the corporations stock
ledger and a list of its stockholders and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean any purpose reasonably related
to such persons interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent shall be the person who seeks the
right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney
or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the corporation at its registered office
in the State of Delaware or at its principal place of business.

Section 9. Section Headings.
Section headings in these bylaws are for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive effect in limiting
or otherwise construing any provision herein.

Section 10. Inconsistent
Provisions. In the event that any provision of these bylaws is or becomes inconsistent with any provision of the corporations
certificate of incorporation, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or any other applicable law the provisions of these
bylaws shall not be given any effect to the extent of such inconsistency but shall otherwise be given full force and effect.

13

ARTICLE VIII

AMENDMENTS

These bylaws may be amended,
altered, or repealed and new bylaws adopted at any meeting of the board of directors by a majority vote or by unanimous written consent
of the board of directors. The fact that the power to adopt, amend, alter, or repeal the bylaws has been conferred upon the board of directors
shall not divest the stockholders of the same powers.

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>enfn-20250421.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>enfn-20250421_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>enfn-20250421_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 21, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-40949

Entity Registrant Name Enfusion, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001868912

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-1268462

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 125 South Clark Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 750

Entity Address, City or Town Chicago

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60603

City Area Code 312

Local Phone Number 253-9800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share(1)

Trading Symbol ENFN

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://enfusion.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

enfn-20250421.xsd 
enfn-20250421_lab.xml 
enfn-20250421_pre.xml 
tm2512751d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-036869-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm2512751d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001868912 

2025-04-21 
2025-04-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001868912 
8-K 
2025-04-21 
Enfusion, Inc. 
DE 
001-40949 
87-1268462 
125 South Clark Street 
Suite 750 
Chicago 
IL 
60603 
312 
253-9800 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share(1) 
ENFN 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>