<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-062612.txt : 20250325
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-062612.hdr.sgml : 20250325
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250325164042
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-062612
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250321
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cyclerion Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001755237
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				831895370
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38787
		FILM NUMBER:		25768879

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 BINNEY STREET
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-621-7722

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 BINNEY STREET
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d926001d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NASDAQfalse000175523700017552372025-03-212025-03-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 21, 2025

CYCLERION THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Massachusetts 001-38787 83-1895370

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

245 First Street, 18th Floor 

Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (857)327-8778

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, no par value CYCN The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Stock Purchase Agreement 

On March 21, 2025, Cyclerion Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with the investors named therein, including Peter Hecht and Michael Higgins, who serve as members of the Companys Board of Directors (each, an Investor and collectively, the Investors) for the private placement of 499,998 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, no par value per share (the Common Stock), at an offering price of $2.75 per Share (the Private Placement). The Private Placement closed on March 25, 2025 and the gross proceeds of the Private Placement were $1.375 million, before deducting expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Private Placement for general corporate purposes. 

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and other obligations of the parties. 

The Shares issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities laws and will be issued pursuant to the exemption from registration provided for under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

In connection with the Private Placement, the Company and the Investors entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 21, 2025 (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company agreed to register the resale of the Shares pursuant to a registration statement (the Registration Statement) to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) no later than May 9, 2025. The Company has agreed to use reasonable best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective by the earliest possible date, but in no event later than (i) the 75th calendar day following the filing date of the Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the Registration Statement and (ii) the fifth business day after the date the Company is notified by the SEC that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review. The Company has also agreed to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective from the date on which the SEC declares the Registration Statement to be effective until (i) the date on which the Investors have resold all Registrable Securities (as such term is defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) covered by the Registration Statement and (ii) the date on which no Registrable Securities remain outstanding. 

The Company has granted the Investors customary indemnification rights in connection with the Registration Rights Agreement. The Investors have also granted the Company customary indemnification rights in connection with the Registration Rights Agreement. 

The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated March 21, 2025, by and among Cyclerion Therapeutics, Inc. and the investors party thereto 

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 21, 2025, by and among Cyclerion Therapeutics, Inc. and the investors party thereto 

104 Cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

CYCLERION THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Date: March 25, 2025 By: 

/s/ Regina Graul, Ph.D.

Name: Regina Graul, Ph.D.

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d926001dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of March 21, 2025, by and among Cyclerion
Therapeutics, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), and each of the entities listed on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement (each, an Investor and together, the Investors).

WHEREAS, the Company and the Investors are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities
registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act; 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell to the Investors, and
each Investor desires to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, upon the terms and subject to the conditions stated in this Agreement, shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, no par value per share
(the Common Stock); and 

WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the sale of the Shares, the parties hereto will execute
and deliver a Registration Rights Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, pursuant to which the Company will agree to provide certain registration rights in respect of the Shares under the Securities Act and
applicable state securities laws. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, representations, warranties and
covenants herein contained, the Company and each Investor, severally and not jointly, agree as follows: 

1. Definitions. As used in
this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings: 

Affiliate means, with respect to any
Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Amended and Restated Bylaws means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as currently in effect. 

Benefit Plan or Benefit Plans means employee benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and
all other employee benefit practices or arrangements, including, without limitation, any such practices or arrangements providing severance pay, sick leave, vacation pay, salary continuation for disability, retirement benefits, deferred
compensation, bonus pay, incentive pay, stock options or other stock-based compensation, hospitalization insurance, medical insurance, life insurance, scholarships or tuition reimbursements, maintained by the Company or to which the Company or its
subsidiary is obligated to contribute for employees or former employees of the Company and its subsidiary. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. 

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time
Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Confidential Data has the meaning set forth in Section 3.30. 

Disclosure Document has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3. 

Drug Regulatory Agency means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or other foreign, state, local
or comparable governmental authority responsible for regulation of the research, development, testing, manufacturing, processing, storage, labeling, sale, marketing, advertising, distribution and importation or exportation of drug or biological
products and drug or biological product candidates. 

Environmental Laws has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.15. 

ERISA means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended. 

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(b).

Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties made by the Company in Sections 3.1
(Organization and Power), 3.2 (Capitalization), 3.4 (Authorization), 3.5 (Valid Issuance), 3.6 (No Conflict), 3.7 (Consents), 3.8 (SEC Filings; Financial Statements), 3.18 (Nasdaq Stock Market),
3.19 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act), 3.23 (Price Stabilization of Common Stock), 3.24 (Investment Company Act), 3.25 (General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation), 3.26 (Brokers and Finders), 3.27 (Reliance by the
Investors), and 3.28 (No Additional Agreements). 

GAAP has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.8(b). 

2 

Governmental Authorizations has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.11. 

Health Care Laws has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.21. 

HIPAA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.30.

Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9. 

Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12. 

Investor and Investors have the meanings set forth in the recitals. 

IT Systems has the meaning set forth in Section 3.30. 

Material Adverse Effect means any change, event, circumstance, development, condition, occurrence or effect that,
individually or in the aggregate, (a) was, is, or would reasonably be expected to be, materially adverse to the business, financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company
and its subsidiary, taken as a whole, or (b) materially delays or materially impairs the ability of the Company to comply, or prevents the Company from complying, with its obligations under this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, or
with respect to the Closing, or would reasonably be expected to do so. 

Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 

National Exchange means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading
on the date in question, together with any successor thereto: the NYSE American, The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company,
trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization. 

Personal Data has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.30. 

Privacy Laws has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.31. 

Privacy Statements has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.31. 

Process or Processing has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.31. 

Registration Rights Agreement has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.1(j). 

Regulatory Agencies has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.20. 

Restated Articles of Organization means the Restated Articles of Organization
of the Company, as amended and currently in effect. 

3 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities
Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SEC Reports means (a) the Companys most recently filed Annual Report on Form
10-K and (b) all Current Reports on Form 8-K filed or furnished (as applicable) by the Company following the end of the most recent fiscal year for which an Annual
Report on Form 10-K has been filed and prior to the execution of this Agreement, together in each case with any documents incorporated by reference therein or exhibits thereto. 

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Shares has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Short Sales include, without limitation, (a) all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under
Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act, whether or not against the box, and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, put equivalent positions (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and (b) sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or non-U.S. regulated brokers (but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock). 

Studies has the meaning set forth in Section 3.20.

Tax Returns means returns, reports, information statements and other documentation (including any additional or supporting
material) filed or maintained, or required to be filed or maintained, in connection with the calculation, determination, assessment or collection of any Tax and shall include any amended returns required as a result of examination adjustments made
by the Internal Revenue Service or other Tax authority. 

Tax or Taxes means any and all federal,
state, local, foreign and other taxes, levies, fees, imposts, duties and charges of whatever kind (including any interest, penalties or additions to the tax imposed in connection therewith or with respect thereto), whether or not imposed on the
Company, including, without limitation, taxes imposed on, or measured by, income, franchise, profits or gross receipts, and also ad valorem, value added, sales, use, service, real or personal property, capital stock, license, payroll, withholding,
employment, social security, workers compensation, unemployment compensation, utility, severance, production, excise, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, transfer and gains taxes and customs duties. 

Transaction Agreements means this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. 

Transfer Agent means, with respect to the Common Stock, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. or such other financial
institution that provides transfer agent services as the Company may engage from time to time. 

4 

2. Purchase and Sale of Shares. 

2.1 Purchase and Sale. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell,
and the Investors, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, the number of Shares, for the aggregate purchase price, set forth opposite the Investors name on Exhibit A. The price per Share is $2.75. 

2.2 Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 5.6 of this
Agreement, the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares (the Closing and the date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing Date) shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures at such
time as agreed to by the Company and the Investors but (i) in no event earlier than the first Business Day after the date of this Agreement and (ii) in no event later than the fifth Business Day after the date of this Agreement. At the
Closing, the Shares shall be issued and registered in the name of the Investor, or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor, representing the number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor at such Closing as set forth in Exhibit
A against payment to the Company of the purchase price therefor in full, by wire transfer to the Company of immediately available funds, at or prior to the Closing, in accordance with wire instructions provided by the Company to the Investors no
less than one Business Day prior to the Closing. On the Closing Date, the Company will cause the Transfer Agent to issue the Shares in book-entry form, free and clear of all restrictive and other legends (except as expressly provided in
Section 4.10). In the event that the Closing has not occurred within one Business Day after the expected Closing Date, unless otherwise agreed by the Company and such Investor, the Company shall promptly (but no later than
one Business Day thereafter) return the previously wired amounts to each respective Investor by wire transfer of United States dollars in immediately available funds to the account specified by each Investor, and any book entries for the Shares
shall be deemed cancelled; provided that, unless this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to Section 7, such return of funds shall not terminate this Agreement or relieve such Investor of its obligation to purchase, or
the Company of its obligation to issue and sell, the Shares at the Closing. 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports (other than as to the Fundamental Representations, which are not so qualified), the Company hereby represents and warrants to each of the Investors that the statements contained in this
Section 3 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (except for the representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date). 

3.1 Organization and Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and described in the SEC Reports and is qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in
which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification, except where such failure to be in good standing or to have such power and authority or to so qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. The Companys subsidiary is (i) duly incorporated and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite power and authority to carry on its business
as now conducted and to own or lease its properties and (ii) qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, except in each case as would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5 

3.2 Capitalization. The Companys disclosure of its authorized, issued and
outstanding capital stock in the SEC Reports containing such disclosure was accurate in all material respects as of the date indicated in such SEC Reports. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and
validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. None of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company were issued in violation of any preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of
the Company which have not been waived, and such shares were issued in compliance in all material respects with applicable state and federal securities law and any rights of third parties. 

3.3 Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the Transaction Agreements or as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company is presently
not under any obligation, and has not granted any rights, to register under the Securities Act any of the Companys presently outstanding securities or any of its securities that may hereafter be issued, other than such rights and obligations
that have expired or been satisfied or waived. 

3.4 Authorization. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to
enter into the Transaction Agreements and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Transaction Agreements, including the issuance and sale of the Shares. All corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors
and shareholders necessary for the authorization of the Shares, the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, including the issuance and sale of the
Shares, has been taken. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each Investor and that this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of
each Investor, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Upon its execution by the Company and the other
parties thereto and assuming that it constitutes legal, valid and binding agreements of the other parties thereto, the Registration Rights Agreement will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Any member of the Board of Directors who is an Investor or an Affiliate of an Investor recused themselves from all votes of the Board of Directors (or any committee of
the Board of Directors) pricing and approving the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements. 

6 

3.5 Valid Issuance. The Shares being purchased by the Investors hereunder have been
duly and validly authorized and, upon issuance pursuant to the terms of this Agreement against full payment therefor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements or restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal
securities laws), and the holder of the Shares shall be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the Investors in Section 4, the
offer and sale of the Shares to the Investors is and will be in compliance with applicable exemptions from (i) the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) the registration and qualification
requirements of applicable securities laws of the states of the United States. 

3.6 No Conflict. The execution, delivery and
performance of the Transaction Agreements by the Company, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements will not (i) violate any provision of the Restated Articles
of Organization or Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, (ii) conflict with or result in a violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a benefit under any agreement or instrument, credit facility, franchise, license, judgment, order, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to the Company or
its subsidiary or their respective properties or assets, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the
Company or its subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) and the rules and regulations of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject, or by which any property or
asset of the Company or its subsidiary is bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.7 Consents. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors, no consent, approval, authorization, filing
with or order of or registration with, any court or governmental agency or body is required in connection with the authorization, execution or delivery by the Company of the Transaction Agreements, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the
performance by the Company of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements, except such as (a) have been or will be obtained or made under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, (b) the filing of any requisite notices and/or
application(s) to the National Exchange for the issuance and sale of the Shares and the listing of the Shares for trading or quotation, as the case may be, thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (c) customary post-closing filings with
the SEC or pursuant to state securities laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares by the Company in the manner contemplated herein, which will be filed on a timely basis, and (d) the filing of the registration statement required
to be filed by the Registration Rights Agreement, or (e) such that the failure of which to obtain would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All notices, consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which
the Company is required to deliver or obtain prior to the Closing pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or made or will be delivered or obtained or effected, and shall remain in full force and effect, on or prior to the Closing. 

7 

3.8 SEC Filings; Financial Statements. 

(a) The Company has filed all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents required to be filed by it with the SEC under
Section 13, 14(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act for the one year preceding the date of this Agreement and is in compliance with General Instruction I.A.3 of Form S-3. As of the time it was filed with the
SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing), each of the filed SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act , and, as of
the time they were filed , none of the filed SEC Reports contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are no outstanding or unresolved comments from the SEC staff with respect to the SEC Reports. To the Companys knowledge, none of the SEC Reports are the subject of an ongoing SEC
review. 

(b) The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports (collectively, the Financial
Statements) comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent corrected by a subsequent restatement)
and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods therein specified, all in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) (except as otherwise noted therein) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods therein specified (unless otherwise noted therein). Except as set forth in the Financial
Statements filed prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has not incurred any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, except (i) those incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices since the date of such
financial statements or (ii) liabilities not required under GAAP to be reflected in the Financial Statements, in either case, none of which, individually or in the aggregate, have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

3.9 Absence of Changes. Between December 31, 2024 and the date of this Agreement, (a) the Company has conducted
its business only in the ordinary course of business and there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company (except for the execution and performance of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions related
thereto); (b) no material change to any material contract or arrangement by which the Company is bound or to which any of its assets or properties is subject has been entered into that has not been disclosed in the SEC Reports; and (c) there
has not been any other event or condition of any character that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that none of the following will be deemed in themselves, either alone or in combination, to
constitute, and that none of the following will be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a Material Adverse Effect under this Section 3.9: 

(i) any change generally affecting the economy, financial markets or political, economic or regulatory conditions in the United States or any
other geographic region in which the Company conducts business, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby; 

(ii) general financial, credit or capital market conditions, including interest rates or exchange rates, or any changes therein, provided that
the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby; 

8 

(iii) any change that generally affects industries in which the Company and its subsidiary
conduct business, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby; 

(iv) earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis,
tornadoes, floods, mudslides, fires or other natural disasters, weather conditions, global pandemics, including a pandemic, epidemic or similar health emergency, and other force majeure events in the United States or any other location, provided
that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby; 

(v) national or international political or social conditions (or changes in
such conditions), whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the occurrence of any military or terrorist attack, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby; 

(vi) material changes in laws after the date of this Agreement; and 

(vii) in and of itself, any material failure by the Company to meet any published or internally prepared estimates of revenues, expenses,
earnings or other economic performance for any period ending on or after the date of this Agreement (it being understood that the facts and circumstances giving rise to such failure may be deemed to constitute, and may be taken into account in
determining whether there has been, a Material Adverse Effect to the extent that such facts and circumstances are not otherwise described in clauses (i)-(v) of this definition). 

3.10 Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, claim, investigation, charge, complaint or inquiry
pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company or its subsidiary which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor are there any orders, writs,
injunctions, judgments or decrees outstanding of any court or government agency or instrumentality and binding upon the Company or its subsidiary that have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.11 Compliance with Law; Permits. Neither the Company nor its subsidiary is in violation of, or has received any notices of violations
with respect to, any laws, statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations of any governmental body, court or government agency or instrumentality, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiary have all required licenses, permits, certificates and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Authorizations) from such federal, state or local
government or governmental agency, department or body that are currently necessary for the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiary as currently conducted, except where the failure to possess currently such Governmental
Authorizations has not had and is not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor its subsidiary has received any written (or, to the Companys knowledge, oral) notice regarding any revocation or material
modification of any such Governmental Authorization, which, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, has or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

9 

3.12 Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiary own, or have rights to
use, all material inventions, patent applications, patents, trademarks, trade names, service names, service marks, copyrights, trade secrets, know how (including unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary of confidential information, systems or
procedures) and other intellectual property as described in the SEC Reports necessary for, or used in the conduct of their respective businesses (including as described in the SEC Reports) (collectively, Intellectual Property),
except where any failure to own, possess or acquire such Intellectual Property has not had, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Intellectual Property of the Company and its
subsidiary has not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part. To the Companys knowledge: (i) there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property, including
no liens, security interests, or other encumbrances; and (ii) there is no infringement by third parties of any Intellectual Property, except, in each case, which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No action, suit, or other proceeding is pending, or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened: (A) challenging the Companys or its subsidiarys rights in or to any Intellectual
Property; (B) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property; or (C) alleging that the Company or any of its subsidiary infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, trade name,
service name, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others, except, in each case, which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its
subsidiary have complied in all material respects with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or any its subsidiary, and to the Companys knowledge all such agreements are in full
force and effect. To the Companys knowledge, there are no material defects in any of the patents or patent applications included in the Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiary have taken all reasonable steps to protect, maintain
and safeguard their Intellectual Property. 

3.13 Employee Benefits. Except as would not be reasonably expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, each Benefit Plan has been established and administered in accordance with its terms and in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended,
and other applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Company and its subsidiary are in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations regarding employment, except for any failures to comply that are not
reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no labor dispute, strike or work stoppage against the Company or its subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened which may interfere with the business activities
of the Company, except where such dispute, strike or work stoppage is not reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.14 Taxes. The Company and its subsidiary have filed all federal, state and foreign income Tax Returns and other Tax Returns required
to have been filed under applicable law (or extensions have been duly obtained) and have paid all Taxes required to have been paid by them, except for those which are being contested in good faith and except where failure to file such Tax Returns or
pay such Taxes would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No assessment in connection with United States federal tax returns has been made against the Company. The charges, accruals and
reserves on the 

10 

books of the Company in respect of any income and corporation tax liability for any years not finally determined are adequate to meet any assessments or reassessments for additional income tax
for any years not finally determined, except to the extent of any inadequacy that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. No audits, examinations, or other proceedings with respect to any material amounts of Taxes of the Company and its
subsidiary are presently in progress or have been asserted or proposed in writing without subsequently being paid, settled or withdrawn. There are no liens on any of the assets of the Company. At all times since inception, the Company has been and
continues to be classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Neither the Company nor its subsidiary has been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Code
Section 897(c)-2 during the period specified in Code Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii). 

3.15
Environmental Laws. The Company and its subsidiary (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or
hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (ii) have received all permits and other Governmental Authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their
business and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to
comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor its subsidiary has received since
January 1, 2024, any written notice or other communication (in writing or otherwise), whether from a governmental authority or other Person, that alleges that the Company or its subsidiary is not in compliance with any Environmental Law and, to
the knowledge of the Company, there are no circumstances that may prevent or interfere with the Companys or its subsidiarys compliance in any material respects with any Environmental Law in the future, except where such failure to comply
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company: (i) no current or (during the time a prior property was leased or controlled by the Company) prior property leased or controlled by the Company
or its subsidiary has received since January 1, 2024, any written notice or other communication relating to property owned or leased at any time by the Company, whether from a governmental authority, or other Person, that alleges that such
current or prior owner or the Company or its subsidiary is not in compliance with or violated any Environmental Law relating to such property and (ii) the Company has no material liability under any Environmental Law. 

3.16 Title. Each of the Company and its subsidiary has good and marketable title to all personal property owned by it that is material
to the business of the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company
or its subsidiary, as the case may be. Any real property and buildings held under lease by the Company or its subsidiary is held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the
use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company or its subsidiary, as the case may be. The Company does not own any real property. 

11 

3.17 Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance in
such amounts and covering such risks that is customary for comparably situated companies and is adequate for the conduct of its business and the value of its real and personal properties (owned or leased) and tangible assets, and each of such
insurance policies is in full force and effect and the Company is in compliance in all material respects with the terms of such insurance policies. Other than customary
end-of-policy notifications from insurance carriers, since January 1, 2025, the Company has not received any notice or other communication regarding any actual or
possible: (i) cancellation or invalidation of any material insurance policy or (ii) refusal or denial of any coverage, reservation of rights or rejection of any material claim under any insurance policy. 

3.18 Nasdaq Stock Market. The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Exchange Act and are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CYCN. The Company is in compliance with all listing requirements of Nasdaq applicable to the Company. There is no suit, action, proceeding or
investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company by Nasdaq or the SEC, respectively, to prohibit or terminate the listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market or to deregister the Common Stock
under the Exchange Act. The Company has taken no action that is designed to terminate the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. 

3.19 Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is, and since January 1, 2025 has been, in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder. 

3.20
Clinical Data and Regulatory Compliance. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) the preclinical tests and clinical trials and other studies used to support regulatory approval
(collectively, Studies) being conducted by the Company that are described in, or the results of which are referred to in, the SEC Reports were (and, if still pending, are being) conducted in all material respects in accordance
with the protocols, procedures and controls designed and approved for such Studies and with standard medical and scientific research procedures; (ii) each description of the results of such Studies is accurate and complete in all material
respects and fairly presents the data derived from such Studies, and the Company and its subsidiary have no knowledge of any other studies the results of which are inconsistent with, or otherwise call into question, the results described or referred
to in the SEC Reports; (iii) the Company and its subsidiary have made all such filings and obtained all such approvals as may be required by the FDA or from any other U.S. federal, state or local government or foreign government or Drug
Regulatory Agency, or Institutional Review Board, each having jurisdiction over biopharmaceutical products (collectively, the Regulatory Agencies) for the conduct of its business as described in the SEC Reports; (iv) neither
the Company nor its subsidiary has received any notice of, or correspondence from, any of the Regulatory Agencies requiring the termination or suspension of or imposing any clinical hold on any clinical trials that are described or referred to in
the SEC Reports; and (v) the Company and its subsidiary have each operated and currently are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable rules, regulations and policies of the Regulatory Agencies. 

12 

3.21 Compliance with Health Care Laws. The Company and its subsidiary are in
compliance in all material respects with all Health Care Laws to the extent applicable to the Companys current business and research use only products. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. Section 301 et seq.) and the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. Section 201 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) all applicable federal, state, local and foreign
health care fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)); (iii) HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and
Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.); (iv) the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; (v) licensure, quality, safety and accreditation
requirements under applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws or regulatory bodies; (vi) all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws, relating to the regulation of the Company or its subsidiary, and
(vii) the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof. Neither the Company nor its subsidiary has received written or, to the Companys knowledge,
oral notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity
is in material violation of any Health Care Laws nor, to the Companys knowledge, is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action threatened. The Company and its subsidiary have
filed, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Health Care Laws, and all such reports, documents, forms, notices,
applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed in all material respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission). Neither the Company nor its subsidiary is
a party to any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally, neither the Company nor its subsidiary nor any
of their respective employees, officers, directors, or, to the knowledge of the Company, agents has been excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human clinical research or, to the knowledge of
the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action that would reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion. 

3.22 Accounting Controls and Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains a system of internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including policies and procedures sufficient to provide reasonable assurance (i) that the Company maintains records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the Companys transactions and dispositions of assets, (ii) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that receipts and
expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board and (iv) regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a
material effect on the Companys financial statements. Since December 31, 2024, the Company has not identified any material weaknesses in the design or operation of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The
Companys disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are designed to provide reasonable
assurance that all 

13 

information (both financial and non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

3.23 Price Stabilization of Common Stock. The Company has not taken, nor will it take, directly or
indirectly, any action designed to stabilize or manipulate the price of the Common Stock to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares. 

3.24 Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities will not be, an
investment company within the meaning of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

3.25 General Solicitation;
No Integration or Aggregation. Neither the Company nor any other person or entity authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has engaged in a general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities
Act) of investors with respect to offers or sales of Shares pursuant to this Agreement. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, sold, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as defined in
the Securities Act) which, to its knowledge, is or will be (i) integrated with the Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement for purposes of the Securities Act or (ii) aggregated with prior offerings by the Company for the purposes of the
rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors set forth in Section 4, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, its subsidiary nor any
Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any Company security or solicited any offers to buy any Company security, under circumstances that would adversely affect reliance by the Company on
Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder for the exemption from registration for the transactions contemplated hereby. 

3.26 Brokers and Finders. Neither the Company nor any other Person authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has retained,
utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

3.27 Reliance
by the Investors. The Company has a reasonable basis for making each of the representations set forth in this Section 3. The Company acknowledges that each of the Investors will rely upon the truth and accuracy of, and
the Companys compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of the Company set forth herein. 

3.28 No Additional Agreements. There are no agreements or understandings between the Company and any Investor with respect to the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements other than as specified in the Transaction Agreements. 

14 

3.29 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Company, its subsidiary
and, to the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective officers, directors, supervisors, managers, agents, or employees are and have at all times been in compliance with and its participation in the offering will not violate:
(A) anti-bribery laws, including but not limited to, any applicable law, rule, or regulation of any locality, including but not limited to any law, rule, or regulation promulgated to implement the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign
Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed December 17, 1997, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, or any other law, rule or regulation of similar purposes and
scope or (B) anti-money laundering laws, including, but not limited to, applicable federal, state, international, foreign or other laws, regulations or government guidance regarding anti-money laundering, including, without limitation, Title 18
US. Code sections 1956 and 1957, the Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, and international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, of
which the United States is a member and with which designation the United States representative to the group or organization continues to concur, all as amended, and any executive order, directive, or regulation pursuant to the authority of any of
the foregoing, or any orders or licenses issued thereunder. 

3.30 Cybersecurity. The Company and its subsidiarys information
technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in
connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiary as currently conducted. The Company and its subsidiary have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls designed
to maintain and protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, privacy and security of all sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Confidential Data) used or maintained in connection with their businesses and Personal
Data (defined below), and the integrity, availability continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems. Personal Data means the following data used in connection with the Companys and its subsidiarys
businesses and in their possession or control: (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or other tax identification number,
drivers license number, passport number, credit card number or bank information; (ii) information that identifies or may reasonably be used to identify an individual; (iii) any information that would qualify as protected health
information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); and (iv) any information
that would qualify as personal data, personal information (or similar term) under the Privacy Laws. To the Companys knowledge, there have been no breaches, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to the
Companys IT Systems, Confidential Data, or Personal Data that would require notification under Privacy Laws (as defined below). 

3.31 Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its subsidiary are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance with
all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, storage, retention, disclosure, transfer, disposal, or any other processing (collectively Process or
Processing) of Personal Data, including without limitation HIPAA, all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws relating to the regulation of the Company or its subsidiary, and the regulations
promulgated pursuant to such statutes (collectively, the Privacy Laws). To ensure material compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its subsidiary have in place, comply with, and take all appropriate steps necessary to
ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security, and the Processing of Personal 

15 

Data and Confidential Data (the Privacy Statements). The Company and its subsidiary have, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, at all
times since inception provided accurate notice of their Privacy Statements then in effect to its employees, third party vendors and representatives. None of such disclosures made or contained in any Privacy Statements have been materially
inaccurate, misleading, incomplete, or in material violation of any Privacy Laws. 

3.32 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees.
No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, shareholders or suppliers of the Company, on the other hand, that is required to be described in the SEC Reports that is not so
described. 

4. Representations and Warranties of Each Investor. Each Investor, severally for itself and not jointly with any
other Investor, represents and warrants to the Company and the Placement Agent that the statements contained in this Section 4 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date: 

4.1 Organization. The Investor (if an entity) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization and has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted. 

4.2 Authorization. The Investor (if an entity) has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to enter into this Agreement
and the Registration Rights Agreement to which it will be a party and to carry out and perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. All corporate, member or partnership action on the part of such Investor (if an entity) or its shareholders,
members or partners necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement to which it will be a party and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated in this
Agreement has been taken. The execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of the Transaction Agreements to which such Investor is a party has been duly authorized and each has been duly executed. Assuming this Agreement constitutes the
legal and binding agreement of the Company, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against such Investor in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited or
otherwise affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and/or similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability
is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

4.3 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the
Transaction Agreements by the Investor, the purchase of the Shares in accordance with their terms and the consummation by the Investor (if an entity) of the other transactions contemplated hereby will not conflict with or result in any violation of,
breach or default by such Investor (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, conflict with, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a material
benefit under (i) any provision of the organizational documents of the Investor, including, without limitation, its incorporation or formation papers, bylaws, indenture of trust or partnership or operating agreement, as may be applicable or
(ii) any agreement or instrument, undertaking, credit facility, 

16 

franchise, license, judgment, order, ruling, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to such Investor or its respective properties or assets, except, in the case of clause (ii),
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to materially delay or hinder the ability of the Investor to perform its obligations under the Transaction Agreements. 

4.4 Residency. The Investors residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment decision with respect to the Shares
was made (if an entity) are located at the address immediately below the Investors name on Exhibit A, except as otherwise communicated by the Investor to the Company. 

4.5 Brokers and Finders. The Investor has not retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement whose fees the Company would be required to pay. 

4.6 Investment Representations and
Warranties. The Investor hereby represents and warrants that, it (i) as of the date of this Agreement is, if an entity, a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an institutional
accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) under Regulation D promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act; or (ii) if an individual,is an accredited
investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the Securities Act and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to protect its own interests in connection with an investment in the
Shares. The Investor further represents and warrants that (x) it is capable of evaluating the merits and risk of such investment, and (y) that it has not been organized for the purpose of acquiring the Shares and is an institutional
account as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c). The Investor understands and agrees that the offering and sale of the Shares has not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and is being made in reliance upon
federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering which depend upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Investors representations as expressed herein. 

4.7 Intent. The Investor is purchasing the Shares solely for the Investors own account and not for the account of others, and not
with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and the Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation of the Securities
Act without prejudice, however, to the Investors right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Investor
is purchasing the Shares as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, the Investor has full investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations and
agreements herein on behalf of each owner of each such account. The Investor has no present arrangement to sell the Shares to or through any person or entity. The Investor understands that the Shares must be held indefinitely unless such Shares are
resold pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by the Investor to hold the Shares for any period of time.

17 

4.8 Investment Experience; Ability to Protect Its Own Interests and Bear Economic
Risks. The Investor acknowledges that it can bear the economic risk and complete loss of its investment in the Shares and has knowledge and experience in finance, securities, taxation, investments and other business matters as to be capable of
evaluating the merits and risks of investments of the kind described in this Agreement and contemplated hereby, and the Investor has had an opportunity to seek, and has sought, such accounting, legal, business and tax advice as the Investor has
considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. The Investor acknowledges that the Investor (i) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private placements of equity securities and capable of evaluating investment
risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities and (ii) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in the purchase of the Shares. The
Investor acknowledges that the Investor is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the Shares, including those set forth in the Companys filings with the SEC. Alone, or together with any professional
advisor(s), the Investor has adequately analyzed and fully considered the risks of an investment in the Shares and determined that the Shares are a suitable investment for the Investor. The Investor is, at this time and in the foreseeable future,
able to afford the loss of the Investors entire investment in the Shares and the Investor acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists. 

4.9 Independent Investment Decision. The Investor understands that nothing in the Transaction Agreements or any other materials
presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Investor in connection with the purchase of the Shares constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. The Investor has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in such Investors
sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Shares. 

4.10 Shares Not Registered;
Legends. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Shares are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the Investor understands that the Shares have not been registered
under the Securities Act, by reason of their issuance by the Company in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and that the Shares must continue to be held and may not be offered, resold, transferred, pledged
or otherwise disposed of by the Investor unless a subsequent disposition thereof is registered under the Securities Act or is exempt from such registration and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United
States. The Investor understands that the exemptions from registration afforded by Rule 144 (the provisions of which are known to it) promulgated under the Securities Act depend on the satisfaction of various conditions including, but not limited
to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period and on requirements relating to the Company which are outside of the Investors control and which the Company may not be able to satisfy, and that, if applicable, Rule 144 may afford the basis
for sales only in limited amounts. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition of any of the Shares. The Investor acknowledges that no
federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Shares or made any findings or determination as to the fairness of this investment. 

18 

The Investor understands that any certificates or book entry notations evidencing the Shares
may bear one or more legends in substantially the following form and substance: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS
(I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER
MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER
CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION). 

In addition, the Shares may contain a legend regarding affiliate status of the Investor,
if applicable. 

4.11 No General Solicitation. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is purchasing the Shares
directly from the Company. Investor became aware of this offering of the Share solely by means of direct contact from the Company as a result of a pre-existing, substantive relationship with the Company and/or
its respective advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, bankers, consultants and financial advisors), agents, control persons, representatives, affiliates, directors, officers, managers, members, and/or employees, and/or the
representatives of such persons. The Shares were offered to Investor solely by direct contact between Investor and the Company. Investor did not become aware of this offering of the Shares, nor were the Shares offered to Investor, by any other
means, and none of the Company and/or its respective representatives acted as investment advisor, broker or dealer to Investor. The Investor is not purchasing the Shares as a result of any general or public solicitation or general advertising, or
publicly disseminated advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television, radio or the internet or presented at any seminar or any other
general solicitation or general advertisement, including any of the methods described in Section 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. 

4.12 Access to Information. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Investor and the Investors professional advisor(s), if
any, have had the opportunity to ask such questions, receive such answers and obtain such information from the Company regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares as the Investor and the
Investors professional advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary to make an investment decision with respect to the Shares and that the Investor has independently made its own analysis and decision to invest in the Company. Neither such
inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by the Investor shall modify, limit or otherwise affect the Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. 

19 

4.13 Certain Trading Activities. Other than consummating the transaction contemplated
hereby, the Investor has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the
period commencing as of the time that the Investor was first contacted by the Company or any other Person regarding the transaction contemplated hereby and ending immediately prior to the date of this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to
this Agreement and to its advisors and agents who had a need to know such information, the Investor has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this
transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of,
available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

5. Covenants. 

5.1 Further Assurances. Each party agrees to cooperate with each other and their respective officers, employees, attorneys, accountants
and other agents, and, generally, do such other reasonable acts and things in good faith as may be necessary to effectuate the intents and purposes of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and compliance with
applicable law, including taking reasonable action to facilitate the filing of any document or the taking of reasonable action to assist the other parties hereto in complying with the terms of this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges that the
Company will rely on the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. Prior to the Closing, the Investor agrees to promptly notify the Company if any of the acknowledgments, understandings,
agreements, representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement are no longer accurate. 

5.2
Listing. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market and, in accordance therewith, will use reasonable best efforts to comply in all material
respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. 

5.3 Disclosure of
Transactions. 

(a) The Company shall, by 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business Day immediately following the
Closing Date, file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (including all exhibits thereto, the Disclosure Document) disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby
and by the Registration Rights Agreement and attaching this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement as exhibits to such Disclosure Document. Following the filing of the Disclosure Document, no Investor shall be in possession of any material non-public information concerning the Company disclosed to the Investors by the Company or its representatives. The Company understands and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representation in
effecting securities transactions. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Investor or any of its affiliates or advisers, or include the name of any Investor or any of its
affiliates or advisers in any press release or filing with the SEC (other than any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement) or any regulatory agency, without the prior written consent of the Investor, except
(i) as required by the federal securities law in connection with (A) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (B) the filing of final Transaction Agreements with the SEC or pursuant to other routine
proceedings of regulatory authorities, or (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

20 

5.4 Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated with the offer or
sale of the Shares in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Shares to the Investors, or that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares for purposes of the rules and regulations of any
National Exchange such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 

5.5 Removal of Legends. 

(a) In connection with any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Shares by an Investor pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to
any other exemption under the Securities Act such that the purchaser acquires freely tradable shares and upon compliance by the Investor with the requirements of this Agreement, if requested by the Investor by notice to the Company, the Company
shall request the Transfer Agent to remove any restrictive legends related to the book entry account holding such shares and make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends as soon as
reasonably practicable following any such request therefor from the Investor, provided that the Company has timely received from the Investor customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company in connection
therewith. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its Transfer Agent and its legal counsel associated with such legend removal. 

(b) Subject to receipt from the Investor by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations and other documentation
reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent in connection therewith, upon the earliest of such time as the Shares (i) have been registeredunder the Securities Act pursuant to
an effective registration statement; (ii) have been sold pursuant to Rule 144, or (iii) are eligible for resale under Rule 144(b)(1) without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information
requirements under Rule 144(c)(1) (or any successor provision), the Company shall, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.5(b) and as soon as reasonably practicable following any request therefor from an
Investor accompanied by such customary and reasonably acceptable documentation referred to above, (A) deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares,
and (B) cause its counsel to deliver to the Transfer Agent one or more opinions to the effect that the removal of such legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the
removal of the legend in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 

5.6 Withholding Taxes. Each Investor agrees to furnish
the Company with any information, representations and forms as shall reasonably be requested by the Company from time to time to assist the Company in complying with any applicable tax law (including any withholding obligations). 

21 

5.7 No Conflicting Agreements. The Company will not take any action, enter into any
agreement or make any commitment that would conflict or interfere in any material respect with the Companys obligations to the Investors under the Transaction Agreements. 

5.8 Indemnification.

(a) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, trustees,
members, managers, employees, investment advisers and agents (collectively, the Indemnified Persons), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable and
documented attorney fees and disbursements and other documented out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any
action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) to which such Indemnified Person may become subject as a result of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by or to be performed on
the part of the Company under the Transaction Agreements, and will reimburse any such Indemnified Person for all such amounts as they are incurred by such Indemnified Person solely to the extent such amounts have been finally judicially determined
not to have resulted from such Indemnified Persons (or such Indemnified Persons directors, officers, trustees, members, managers, employees, investment advisers or agents) fraud or willful
misconduct. 

(b) Any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of
any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided that any person entitled to
indemnification hereunder shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such person unless (a) the indemnifying party has
agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (b) the indemnifying party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such person or (c) in the reasonable judgment of any such
person, based upon written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such person and the indemnifying party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such person
elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such person); and provided, further, that the failure of any indemnified
party to give written notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such failure to give notice shall materially adversely affect the indemnifying party in the defense of
any such claim or litigation. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all such
indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent of the indemnified party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement unless such
judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit 

22 

and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the indemnified party in respect of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not
include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the indemnified party. No indemnified party will, except with the consent of the indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement. 

6. Conditions of Closing. 

6.1 Conditions to the Obligation of the Investors. The several obligations of each Investor to consummate the transactions to be
consummated at the Closing, and to purchase and pay for the Shares being purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, are subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all
material respects, except for those representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though made on
and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, except
for those representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date. 

(b) Performance. The Company shall have performed in all material respects the obligations and conditions herein required to be
performed or observed by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date. 

(c) No Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the
Shares by each Investor shall not be prohibited or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation and no such prohibition shall have been threatened in writing. 

(d) Consents. The Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary for the
consummation of the purchase and sale of the Shares, all of which shall be in full force and effect. 

(e) Transfer Agent. The
Company shall have furnished all required materials to the Transfer Agent to reflect the issuance of the Shares at the Closing. 

(f)
Adverse Changes. Since the date of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g) Opinion of Company Counsel. The Company shall have delivered to the Investors the opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP, dated as
of the Closing Date, in customary form and substance to be reasonably agreed upon with the Investors and addressing such legal matters as the Investors and the Company reasonably agree. 

23 

(h) Compliance Certificate. An authorized officer of the Company shall have
delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a certificate certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 6.1(a) (Representations and Warranties), 6.1(b) (Performance), 6.1(c) (No Injunction), 6.1(d) (Consents),
6.1(e) (Transfer Agent), 6.1(f) (Adverse Changes), 6.1(k) (Listing Requirements) and 6.1(l) (No Injunction) of this Agreement have been fulfilled. 

(i) Secretarys Certificate. The Secretary of the Company shall have delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a certificate
certifying (i) the Restated Articles of Organization; (ii) the Amended and Restated Bylaws; and (iii) resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors (or an authorized committee thereof) approving this Agreement, the other
Transaction Agreements, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the issuance of the Shares. 

(j) Registration Rights
Agreement. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Registration Rights Agreement) to the Investors. 

(k) Listing Requirements. No stop order or suspension of trading shall have been imposed by Nasdaq, the SEC or any other governmental
or regulatory body with respect to public trading in the Common Stock. The Common Stock shall be listed on a National Exchange and shall not have been suspended, as of the Closing Date, by the SEC or the National Exchange from trading thereon nor
shall suspension by the SEC or the National Exchange have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, in writing by the SEC or the National Exchange; and the Company shall have filed with Nasdaq a Notification Form: Listing of Additional Shares for the
listing of the Shares and Nasdaq shall have raised no objection to such notice and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(l) No
Injunction. No judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or judge, justice or magistrate, including any bankruptcy court or judge, or any order of or by any Governmental Entity, shall have been issued, and no action
or proceeding shall have been instituted by any Governmental Entity, enjoining or preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or in the other Transaction Agreements. 

6.2 Conditions to the Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the transactions to be consummated at the
Closing, and to issue and sell to each Investor the Shares to be purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Investor in Section 4 hereto
shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, with the same force and effect as though made on and as of the Closing Date and consummation of the Closing shall constitute a reaffirmation by the Investor of each of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement as of the Closing Date. 

(b) Performance. Each
Investor shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by such Investor on or prior to the Closing Date. 

24 

(c) Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Shares by each Investor shall
not be prohibited or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation. 

(d) Registration Rights Agreement. Each
Investor shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement to the Company in the form attached as Exhibit B. 

(e) Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the full amount of the
purchase price for the number of Shares being purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth in Exhibit A. 

7.
Termination. 

7.1 Termination. The obligations of the Company, on the one hand, and the Investors, on the other hand, to
effect the Closing shall terminate as follows: 

(i) Upon the mutual written consent of the Company and the Investors that agreed to
purchase a majority of the Shares prior to the Closing; 

(ii) By the Company if any of the conditions set forth in
Section 6.2 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Company; 

(iii)
By an Investor (with respect to itself only) if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by such Investor; or 

(iv) By either the Company or an Investor (with respect to itself only) if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to the fifth Business Day
following the date of this Agreement; 

provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, the party seeking to
terminate its obligation to effect the Closing shall not then be in breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Transaction Agreements if such breach has resulted in the circumstances giving rise to
such partys seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing. 

7.2 Notice. In the event of termination by the
Company or the Investor of its obligations to effect the Closing pursuant to Section 7.1, written notice thereof shall be given to the other Investors by the Company. Nothing in this Section 7
shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the other terms and provisions of the Transaction Agreements or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its other
obligations under the Transaction Agreements. 

25 

8. Miscellaneous Provisions. 

8.1 Public Statements or Releases. Except as set forth in Section 5.3, neither the Company nor any Investor
shall make any public announcement with respect to the existence or terms of this Agreement or the transactions provided for herein without the prior consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, and subject to compliance with Section 5.3, nothing in this Section 8.1 shall prevent any party from making any public announcement it considers necessary in order to satisfy its
obligations under the law, including applicable securities laws, or under the rules of any national securities exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Investors reasonable time to comment on such release or
announcement in advance of such issuance, and the Company will consider in good faith any Investor comments. 

8.2 Notices. Any
notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by
electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next Business Day, (c) three (3) days after having been sent by certified or registered mail,
return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt: 

(a) If to the Company, addressed as follows: 

Cyclerion Therapeutics, Inc. 

245 First Street, 18th Floor 

Cambridge, MA 02142 

Attention:
Regina Graul, Ph.D. 

Email: 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice): 

Ropes & Gray LLP 

Prudential Tower 

800 Boylston
Street 

Boston, MA 02199 

Attention: William Michener 

Email: william.michener@ropesgray.com 

(b) If to any Investor, at its address or e-mail address set forth on Exhibit A, or such
address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 8.2. 

Any Person may
change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein. 

8.3 Consent
to Electronic Notice. Each Investor consents to the delivery of any stockholder notice pursuant to the Massachusetts Business Corporation Act (the MBCA), as amended or superseded from time to time, by electronic mail pursuant
to Chapter 156D, Section 1.41 of the MBCA (or any successor thereto) at the e-mail address set forth below the Investors name on the signature page or Exhibit A, as updated from time to time
by notice to the Company. 

26 

To the extent that any notice given by means of electronic mail is returned or undeliverable for any reason, the foregoing consent shall be deemed to have been revoked until a new or corrected e-mail address has been provided, and such attempted electronic notice shall be ineffective and deemed to not have been given. Each party agrees to promptly notify the other parties of any change in its e-mail address, and that failure to do so shall not affect the foregoing. 

8.4 Severability. If
any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the
extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto. 

8.5 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury. 

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to choice of laws
or conflicts of laws provisions thereof that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction, except to the extent that mandatory principles of Massachusetts law may apply. 

(b) The Company and each of the Investors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(i) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating solely to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, to the general jurisdiction of the any state court or United States Federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York in the State of New York; 

(ii) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts, and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to
the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same to the extent permitted by applicable law; 

(iii) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified
mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the party, as the case may be, at its address set forth in Section 8.2 or at such other address of which the other party shall have been notified
pursuant thereto; 

(iv) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by
law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction for recognition and enforcement of any judgment or if jurisdiction in the courts referenced in the foregoing clause (i) are not available despite the intentions of the parties
hereto; 

(v) agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court may be enforced in the courts of
any jurisdiction to which such party is subject by a suit upon such judgment, provided that service of process is effected upon such party in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law; 

27 

(vi) agrees that to the extent that such party has or hereafter may acquire any immunity
from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process with respect to itself or its property, such party hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law; and 

(vii) irrevocably and unconditionally waives trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding in relation to this Agreement. 

8.6 Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more
instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement. 

8.7 Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Agreements to the contrary, each party shall pay its own out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including the fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants and consultants employed by such party, incurred in connection with the proposed
investment in the Shares and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that the Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for
same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes (other than income taxes) and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Shares to the Investors.

8.8 Assignment. None of the parties may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or designate another person
(i) to perform all or part of its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) to have all or part of its rights and benefits under this Agreement, in each case without the prior written consent of (x) the Company, in the case of an
Investor, and (y) the Investors, in the case of the Company, provided that an Investor may, without the prior consent of the Company, assign its rights to purchase the Shares hereunder to any of its affiliates or to any other investment funds
or accounts managed or advised by the investment manager who acts on behalf of such Investor (provided each such assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and makes the same representations and warranties set forth in
Section 4 ). In the event of any assignment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the assignee shall specifically assume and be bound by the provisions of this Agreement by executing a writing agreeing to be bound
by and subject to the provisions of this Agreement and shall deliver an executed counterpart signature page to this Agreement and, notwithstanding such assumption or agreement to be bound hereby by an assignee, no such assignment shall relieve any
party assigning any interest hereunder from its obligations or liability pursuant to this Agreement. 

8.9 Confidential Information.

(a) Each Investor covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any material non-public information provided to such Investor are publicly disclosed by the Company, such Investor will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including
the existence and terms of this transaction), other than to such Investors outside attorney, accountant, auditor or investment advisor only to the extent necessary to permit evaluation of the investment, and the performance of the necessary or
required tax, accounting, financial, legal, or administrative tasks and services and other than as may be required by law. 

28 

(b) The Company may request from the Investors such reasonable and customary additional
information as the Company may deem necessary to evaluate the eligibility of the Investor to acquire the Shares, and the Investor shall promptly provide such information as may reasonably be requested to the extent readily available; provided, that
the Company agrees to keep any such information provided by the Investor confidential, except (i) as required by the federal securities laws, rules or regulations and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by other laws, rules or
regulations, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of Nasdaq. The Investor acknowledges that the Company may file a copy of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement with the SEC as exhibit
to a periodic report or a registration statement of the Company. 

8.10 Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or
implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement
(including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder, director, officer, employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this
Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

8.11 Independent Nature of Investors Obligations and Right. The obligations of each Investor under this
Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the performance obligations of any other Investor under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken
by any Investor pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a
presumption that the Investors are in any way acting in concert or as a group, and the Company will not assert any such claim with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company acknowledges and each
Investor confirms that it has independently participated in the negotiation of the transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Investor also acknowledges that Ropes & Gray LLP has not rendered legal
advice to such Investor. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Investor to be joined as
an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The Company has elected to provide all Investors with the same terms and Transaction Agreements for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any
Investor. 

8.12 Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form
part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

8.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile or pdf signature including
any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an
original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature. 

29 

8.14 Entire Agreement; Amendments. The Transaction Agreements (including all
schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto), together with any side letter agreements with any of the Investors, constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto respecting the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior
agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations and statements respecting the subject matter of this Agreement, whether written or oral. No amendment, modification, alteration, or change in any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid
or binding upon the parties hereto unless made in writing and duly executed by the Company and the Investors of at least a majority in interest of the Shares then held by the Investors, provided that prior to the Closing the consent of all Investors
shall be required. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may not be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may not be waived with respect to any Investor without the written consent of such Investor unless such amendment or
waiver applies to all Investors in the same fashion. The Company, on the one hand, and each Investor, on the other hand, may by an instrument signed in writing by such parties waive the performance, compliance or satisfaction by such Investor or the
Company, respectively, with any term or provision of this Agreement or any condition hereto to be performed, complied with or satisfied by such Investor or the Company, respectively. 

8.15 Survival. The covenants, representations and warranties made by each party hereto contained in this Agreement shall survive the
Closing and the delivery of the Shares in accordance with their respective terms. Each Investor shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder. 

8.16 Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company and each provision of this
Agreement has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto. 

8.17 Arms Length Negotiations. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and confirm that the terms and
conditions of the Shares were determined as a result of arms-length negotiations. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]

30 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

COMPANY:

CYCLERION THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Regina Graul, Ph.D.

Name: Regina Graul, Ph.D.

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

INVESTOR:

PETER HECHT

By: /s/ Peter Hecht

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

INVESTOR:

J. WOOD CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC

By: /s/ Jason Wood

Name: Jason Wood

Title: Chief Executive Officer

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

INVESTOR:

JOE C. COOK, JR.

By: /s/ Joe C. Cook, Jr.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

INVESTOR:

POLARIS FOUNDERS CAPITAL FUND II, L.P.

By: Polaris Founders Capital Management Co. II, L.L.C., its general partner

By: /s/ Harold Friedman

Name: Harold Friedman

Title: Vice President

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

INVESTOR:

MICHAEL HIGGINS

By: /s/ Michael Higgins

EXHIBIT A 

INVESTORS 

Investor Name Shares Share

Purchase

Price Aggregate

Purchase Price 

Peter Hecht 181,818 $ 2.75 $ 499,999.50 

J. Wood Capital Advisors LLC 181,818 $ 2.75 $ 499,999.50 

Joe C. Cook, Jr. 90,909 $ 2.75 $ 249,999.75 

Polaris Founders Capital Fund II, L.P. 36,363 $ 2.75 $ 99,998.25 

Michael Higgins 9,090 $ 2.75 $ 24,997.50 

TOTAL: 499,998 $ 1,374,994.50 

A-1 

EXHIBIT B 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d926001dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 21, 2025, is entered into by and among
Cyclerion Therapeutics, Inc.,a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), and the several investors signatory hereto (individually as an Investor and collectively together with their respective permitted
assigns, the Investors). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the parties hereto, dated as of the date hereof
(as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement). 

WHEREAS, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue to the Investors, and the Investors have agreed to purchase, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of up to $1,374,994.50 of shares (the
Shares) of the Companys common stock, no par value per share (the Common Stock); and 

WHEREAS, to
induce the Investors to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute
(collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors hereby agree as follows: 

1. DEFINITIONS. 

For
purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) Agreement has the meaning set
forth in the recitals. 

(b) Allowed Delay has the meaning set forth in Section 2(d). 

(c) Availability Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3(h). 

(d) Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). 

(e) Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

(f) Company has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

(g) Cut Back Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 2(e). 

(h) Effectiveness Deadline has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b). 

(i) Exchange Act has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b). 

(j) Filing Deadline has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 

(k) Indemnified Damages has the meaning set forth in
Section 6(a). 

(l) Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in
Section 6(b). 

(m) Indemnified Persons has the meaning set forth in
Section 6(a). 

(n) Initial Registration Statement has the meaning set forth in
Section 2(a). 

(o) Investor and Investors have the meanings set forth in
the recitals. 

(p) MBCA has the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 

(q) New Registration Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2(c). 

(r) New Registration Statement Effectiveness Deadline has the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

(s) New Registration Statement Filing Deadline has the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

(t) Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock
company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization. 

(u) Purchase Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

(v) Register, Registered, and
Registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and providing for offering securities on a continuous basis, and the
declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). 

(w) Registrable Securities means the Shares and any Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to the Shares as a result
of any stock split or subdivision, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event. Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities upon the date on which the Shares become eligible for resale without any volume
limitations or other restrictions pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)(i) under the Securities Act and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirements under Rule 144(c)(1) (or any successor
provision). 

(x) Registration Expenses means all registration and filing fee expenses incurred by the Company in
effecting any registration pursuant to this Agreement, including (i) all registration, qualification, and filing fees, printing expenses, and any other fees and expenses associated with filings required to be made with the SEC, FINRA or any
other regulatory authority, (ii) all fees and expenses in connection with compliance with or clearing the Registrable Securities for sale under any securities or Blue Sky laws, (iii) all printing, duplicating, word processing,
messenger, telephone, facsimile and delivery expenses, and (iv) all fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and of all independent certified public accountants of the Company. 

(y) Registration Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b). 

2 

(z) Registration Statement means any registration statement of the
Company filed with, or to be filed with, the SEC under the Securities Act, that Registers the Registrable Securities, including the related prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration statement, including any pre- and post-effective amendments, and all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement as may be necessary to comply with applicable securities laws. Registration
Statement shall also include a New Registration Statement, as amended when each became effective, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any information contained in a prospectus
subsequently filed with the SEC. 

(aa) SEC Restrictions has the meaning set forth in
Section 2(e). 

(bb) Securities Act has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

(cc) Selling Expenses means all underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of Registrable
Securities and all similar fees and commissions relating to the Investors disposition of the Registrable Securities. 

(dd)
Shares has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

(ee) Suspension Event has the meaning set forth
in Section 3(e). 

(ff) Violations has the meaning set forth in
Section 6(a). 

2. REGISTRATION. 

(a) Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than 45 days after
the Closing Date (the Filing Deadline), prepare and file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement (the Initial Registration Statement) Registering the resale of all Registrable Securities. Before filing
the Registration Statement, the Company shall furnish to the Investors a copy of the Registration Statement. The Investors and their counsel shall have at least three Business Days prior to the anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement to
review and comment upon such Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus, prior to its filing with the SEC. Subject to any SEC comments, such Registration Statement shall include
the plan of distribution substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. The Company shall (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to address in each such document prior to being so filed with the SEC such comments as the
Investor or its counsel reasonably proposed by the Investor, and (b) not file any Registration Statement or related prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto containing information regarding the Investor to which Investor reasonably
objects, unless such information is required to comply with any applicable law or regulation. The Investors shall promptly furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company and as shall be reasonably required in connection with any
registration referred to in this Agreement. 

(b) Effectiveness. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the
Initial Registration Statement and any amendment declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible date, but, in any event, no later than the earlier of: (a) the 75th calendar day following the initial filing date of the Initial
Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the Initial Registration Statement and (b) the fifth Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the
SEC that the Initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review (the Effectiveness Deadline). The Company shall notify the Investor by
e-mail as promptly as practicable, and in any event, within 24 hours, after the Registration Statement is 

3 

declared effective or is supplemented and shall provide the Investor with copies of any related prospectus to be used in connection with the sale or other disposition of the securities covered
thereby. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to keep the Initial Registration Statement continuously effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale by the Investors of all of the
Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earliest to occur of the following events: (i) the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered thereby; and (ii) the date on which no
Registrable Securities remain outstanding (the Registration Period). The Initial Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under the Initial Registration Statement
at any time is insufficient to cover the Registrable Securities, the Company shall, to the extent necessary and permissible, amend the Initial Registration Statement or file a new registration statement (together with any prospectuses or prospectus
supplements thereunder, a New Registration Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event not later than ten Business Days after the necessity therefor arises (the
New Registration Filing Deadline). The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have such amendment and/or New Registration Statement become effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof
but, in any event, no later than the earlier of: (a) the 75th calendar day following the initial filing date of the New Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the New Registration Statement and
(b) the fifth Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the New Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review (the earlier
of such dates, the New RegistrationEffectiveness Deadline). The provisions of Section 2(a) and (b) shall apply to the New Registration Statement, except as modified hereby. 

(d) Allowable Delays. On no more than two occasions and for not more than 30 consecutive days or for a total of not more than 60
days in any 12 month period, the Company may delay the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or any other Registration Statement, or suspend the use of any prospectus included in any Registration Statement, in the event that the
Company determines in good faith that such delay or suspension is necessary to (A) delay the disclosure of material non-public information concerning the Company, the disclosure of which at the time is
not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests of the Company or (B) amend or supplement the affected Registration Statement or the related prospectus so that such Registration Statement or prospectus shall not include an
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of the prospectus in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading
(an Allowed Delay); provided, that the Company shall promptly (a) notify each Investor in writing of the commencement of an Allowed Delay, but shall not (without the prior written consent of an Investor) disclose to such
Investor any material non-public information giving rise to an Allowed Delay, (b) advise the Investors in writing to cease all sales under the Registration Statement until the end of the Allowed Delay and
(c) use commercially reasonable efforts to terminate an Allowed Delay as promptly as practicable. 

(e)
Rule 415; Cutback. If at any time the SEC takes the position that the offering of some or all of the Registrable Securities in any Registration Statement is not eligible to be made on a delayed or continuous basis under the
provisions of Rule 415 under the Securities Act (provided, however, the Company shall be obligated to use reasonable best efforts to advocate with the SEC for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities) or requires any Investor to be
named as an underwriter, the Company shall (i) promptly notify each holder of Registrable Securities thereof and (ii) make commercially 

4 

reasonable efforts to persuade the SEC that the offering contemplated by such Registration Statement is a valid secondary offering and not an offering by or on behalf of the issuer as
defined in Rule 415 and that none of the Investors is an underwriter. The Investors shall have the right to select one legal counsel, at such Investors expense, to review and oversee any registration or matters pursuant to
this Section 2(f), including participation in any meetings or discussions with the SEC regarding the SECs position and to comment on any written submission made to the SEC with respect thereto. No such written
submission with respect to this matter shall be made to the SEC to which any Investors counsel reasonably objects. In the event that, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts and compliance with the terms of this
Section 2(f), the SEC refuses to alter its position, the Company shall (i) remove from such Registration Statement such portion of the Registrable Securities (the Cut Back Shares) and/or
(ii) agree to such restrictions and limitations on the registration and resale of the Registrable Securities as the SEC may require to assure the Companys compliance with the requirements of Rule 415 (collectively, the SEC
Restrictions); provided, however, that the Company shall not name any Investor as an underwriter in such Registration Statement without the prior written consent of such Investor (provided that, in the event an Investor
withholds such consent, the Company shall have no obligation hereunder to include any Registrable Securities of such Investor in any Registration Statement covering the resale thereof until such time as the SEC no longer requires such Investor to be
named as an underwriter in such Registration Statement or such Investor otherwise consents in writing to being so named). Any cut-back imposed on the Investors pursuant to this
Section 2(f) shall be allocated among the Investors on a pro rata basis and shall be applied first to any of the Registrable Securities of such Investor as such Investor shall designate, unless the SEC Restrictions
otherwise require or provide or the Investors otherwise agree. 

3. RELATED COMPANY OBLIGATIONS. 

With respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be Registered pursuant to
Section 2, including on the Initial Registration Statement or on any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with
the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations: 

(a)
Notifications. The Company will promptly notify the Investors of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference, has been filed
with the SEC and/or has become effective or where a receipt has been issued therefor or any subsequent supplement to a prospectus has been filed and of any request by the SEC for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any New
Registration Statement or any prospectus or for additional information. 

(b) Amendments. The Company will prepare and file with the
SEC any amendments, post-effective amendments or supplements to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any related prospectus, as applicable, that, (a) as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement
effective for the Registration Period and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), with respect to the distribution of all of the Registrable
Securities covered thereby, or (b) in the reasonable opinion of the Investors and the Company, as may be necessary or advisable in connection with any acquisition or sale of Registrable Securities by the Investors. 

(c) Investor Review. The Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any New Registration
Statement or any prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference, relating to the Investors, the Registrable Securities or the transactions contemplated hereby unless (A) the Investors and their counsel shall have been advised and
afforded the opportunity to review and comment thereon at least three (3) Business Days prior to filing with the SEC and (B) the Company shall have given reasonable due consideration to any comments thereon received from the Investors or
their counsel. 

5 

(d) Copies Available. The Company will furnish to any Investor whose Registrable
Securities are included in any Registration Statement and its counsel copies of the Initial Registration Statement, any prospectus thereunder (including all documents incorporated by reference therein), any prospectus supplement thereunder, any New
Registration Statement and all amendments to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement that are filed with the SEC during the Registration Period (including all documents filed with or furnished to the SEC during such
period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), each letter written by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC, and each item of correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, in each case relating to
such Registration Statement (other than any portion thereof which contains information for which the Company has sought confidential treatment) and such other documents as Investor may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the
Registrable Securities owned by Investor that are covered by such Registration Statement, in each case as soon as reasonably practicable upon such Investors request and in such quantities as such Investor may from time to time reasonably
request; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document to the Investor to the extent such document is available on EDGAR. 

(e) Notification of Stop Orders; Material Changes. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) prevent the
issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness and, (ii) if such order is issued, obtain the withdrawal of any such order as soon as practicable. The Company shall advise the Investors promptly (but in no event later than 24
hours) and shall confirm such advice in writing, in each case: (i) of the Companys receipt of notice of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendment of or a supplement to the Registration
Statement or any prospectus or for any additional information; (ii) of the Companys receipt of notice of the issuance by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Initial Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, or any New Registration Statement, or of the Companys receipt of any notification of the suspension of qualification of the
Registrable Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or contemplated initiation of any proceeding for such purpose; and (iii) of the Company becoming aware of the happening of any event, which makes any statement of
a material fact made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus untrue or which requires the making of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus in order to state a material fact
required by the Securities Act to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements then made therein (in the case of any prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or of the necessity to amend
any Registration Statement or any prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law. The Company shall not be required to disclose to the Investors the substance of specific reasons of any of the events set forth in clause (i) to
(iii) of the immediately preceding sentence (each, a Suspension Event), but rather, shall only be required to disclose that the event has occurred. If at any time the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority shall
issue any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal of such order
at the earliest practicable time. The Company shall furnish to the Investors, without charge, a copy of any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority to the Company or its
representatives relating to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, or prospectus supplement as the case may be. In the event of a Suspension Event set forth in clause (iii) of the first sentence of
this Section 3(e), the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to publicly disclose such event as soon as reasonably practicable, or otherwise resolve the matter such that sales under Registration Statements
may resume; provided, however, that if the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public, the Company may suspend the use of all Registration Statements for up to 60 consecutive calendar days; provided, further,
that the Company may not suspend the use of all Registration Statements more than twice, or for more than 90 total calendar days, in each case during any twelve-month period. 

6 

(f) Confirmation of Effectiveness. If reasonably requested by an Investor at any time
in respect of any Registration Statement, the Company shall deliver to such Investor a written confirmation from Companys counsel of whether or not the effectiveness of such Registration Statement has lapsed at any time for any reason
(including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not such Registration Statement is currently effective and available to the Company for sale of Registrable Securities. 

(g) Listing. The Company shall use best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be listed on
the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

(h) Compliance. The Company shall otherwise use best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and
regulations of the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 under
the Securities Act, promptly inform the Investor in writing if, at any time during the Registration Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Investor is required to deliver a prospectus
in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder, and make available to its security holders, as soon as
reasonably practicable, but not later than the Availability Date (as defined below), an earnings statement covering a period of at least 12 months, beginning after the effective date of each Registration Statement, which earnings statement shall
satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act, including Rule 158 promulgated thereunder (for the purpose of this subsection 3(h), Availability Date means the 45th day following the end of the fourth fiscal quarter that includes the effective date of such Registration Statement, except that, if such fourth fiscal quarter is the last quarter of the
Companys fiscal year, Availability Date means the 90th day after the end of such fourth fiscal quarter). 

(i) Blue-Sky. The Company shall register or qualify or cooperate with the Investor and their
counsel in connection with the registration or qualification of such Registrable Securities for the offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions reasonably requested by the Investor; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (i) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(i), (ii) subject
itself to general taxation in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be so subject but for this Section 3(i), or (iii) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. 

(j) Rule 144. With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144 (or its successor rule) and any other rule
or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell shares of Common Stock to the public without registration, the Company covenants and agrees to: (i) make and keep adequate current public information available, as those
terms are understood and defined in Rule 144, until the earlier of (A) six months after such date as all of the Registrable Securities may be sold without restriction by the holders thereof pursuant to Rule 144 or any other rule of
similar effect or (B) such date as there are no longer Registrable Securities; and (ii) file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Exchange Act; (iii) furnish electronically
to each Investor upon request, as long as such Investor owns any Registrable Securities, (A) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, (B) a copy of or electronic access to
the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and (C) such other information as may be reasonably requested in order
to avail such Investor of any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits the selling of any such Registrable Securities without registration. 

7 

(k) Cooperation. The Company shall cooperate with the holders of the Registrable
Securities to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of uncertificated shares representing the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Registration Statement or Rule 144 free of any restrictive legends and representing such number
of shares of Common Stock and registered in such names as the holders of the Registrable Securities may reasonably request to the extent permitted by such Registration Statement or Rule 144 to effect sales of Registrable Securities; for the
avoidance of doubt, the Company may satisfy its obligations hereunder without issuing physical stock certificates through the use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System. 

4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS. 

(a) Investor Information. Each Investor shall provide a completed Investor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B
in connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities. If the Company has not received such completed Questionnaire from an Investor within three business days of the Companys request, the Company may file the Registration
Statement without including such Investors Registrable Securities. 

(b) Suspension of Sales. Each Investor, severally and not
jointly with any other Investor, agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the existence of Suspension Event as set forth in Section 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of
Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company confirming the resolution of such Suspension Event and that such dispositions may again
be made. 

(c) Investor Cooperation. Each Investor, severally and not jointly with any other Investor, agrees to cooperate with the
Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement or New Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in
writing of its election to exclude all of its Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement. 

5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with registrations pursuant to this Agreement shall be borne by the Company. All
Selling Expenses relating to securities registered on behalf of the Investors shall be borne by the Investors pro rata on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities so registered. 

6. INDEMNIFICATION. 

(a)
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investors, each Person, if any, who controls the Investors, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, members,
managers, agents, representatives and advisors of the Investors and each Person, if any, who controls the Investors within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses,
obligation, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs (including, without limitation, court costs and costs of preparation), reasonable and documented attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement or
reasonable and documented expenses, (collectively, Claims) reasonably incurred in 

8 

investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or
other regulatory agency or body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or
actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration
Statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company or its subsidiary of the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any other state securities or
other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company or its agents and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in
connection with such registration of the Registrable Securities (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being, collectively, Violations). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such
expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees or other reasonable and documented expenses incurred by them in
connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (A) shall not apply to a Claim by an
Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Investors or such Indemnified Person specifically for use in such Registration
Statement or prospectus and was reviewed and approved in writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or
supplement thereto, if such in each case if the foregoing was timely made available by the Company; (B) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such Person from whom the Person asserting any such Claim
purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any other Indemnified Person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised
prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the outdated, defective or incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a violation; (C) shall not apply to amounts paid
in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect
regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 8. 

(b) In connection with the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, the Investors, severally and not
jointly, agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend, the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signedthe Initial Registration Statement or signs any New Registration Statement, each Person, if any, who controls the
Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any Claims resulting from any Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs in
reliance upon and in conformity with information about an Investor furnished in writing by such Investor to the Company and reviewed and approved in writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the
preparation of the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of an Investor be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds
(net of all expense paid by such Investor in connection with any claim relating to this Section 6 and the amount of any damages such Investor has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or
omission) received by such Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any
investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by any Investor pursuant to Section 8. 

9 

(c) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this
Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is
to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the
extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the
Indemnified Party, as the case may be, and upon such notice, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Person or the
Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (together with all other Indemnified Persons and Indemnified Parties that may be represented without conflict by one
counsel) shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the reasonable fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of
the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such
proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all
information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised as to the status of the defense
or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not
unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise unless
such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all
liability of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person in respect to or arising out of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on
behalf of, the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third
parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve
such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action. 

(d) The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during
the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred. Any Person receiving a payment pursuant to this Section 6 which person is later determined to not be
entitled to such payment shall return such payment (including reimbursement of expenses) to the person making it. 

(e) The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be
subject to pursuant to the law. 

10 

7. CONTRIBUTION. 

To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution
by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 7 and the amount of any damages
such holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

8. ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS. 

The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior
written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding; provided, however, that in any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby the
Company is a party and in which the Registrable Securities are converted into the equity securities of another Person, from and after the effective time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed to have assumed
the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term Company shall be deemed to refer to such Person and the term Registrable Securities shall be deemed to include the securities received by the Investor in connection with such
transaction unless such securities are otherwise freely tradable by the Investor after giving effect to such transaction, and the prior written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding shall not be
required for such transaction.

An Investor may transfer or assign its rights hereunder, in whole or from time to time in part, to one or
more Persons in connection with the transfer of Registrable Securities by such Investor to such Person, provided that such Investor complies with all laws applicable thereto, and the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and provides
written notice of assignment to the Company promptly after such assignment is effected, and such Person agrees in writing to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein. 

The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Investor and its successors and permitted assigns. 

9. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. 

The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may be amended, modified or supplemented, or waived only by a
written instrument executed by (i) the Company and (ii) the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Registrable Securities, provided that any party may give a waiver as to itself and provided further that any amendment, modification,
supplement or waiver that disproportionately and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Investor relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Investors shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected
Investor or each Investor, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of one or more Investors and that does not adversely
directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Investors may be given by Investors holding all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates. 

11 

10. MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a) Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on
the recipients next business day, (c) three days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt: 

i. If to the
Company, addressed as follows: 

Cyclerion Therapeutics, Inc. 

245 First Street, 18th Floor 

Cambridge, MA 02142 

Attention:
Regina Graul, Ph.D. 

Email: 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice): 

Ropes & Gray LLP 

Prudential Tower 

800 Boylston
Street 

Boston, MA 02199 

Attention: William Michener 

Email: william.michener@ropesgray.com 

ii. If to any Investor, at its e-mail address or address set forth on its signature
page to the Purchase Agreement or to such e-mail address, or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 10. 

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein. 

(b) Consent to Electronic Notice. Each Investor consents to the delivery of any stockholder notice pursuant to the Massachusetts
Business Corporation Act (the MBCA), as amended or superseded from time to time, by electronic mail pursuant to Chapter 156D, Section 1.41 of the MBCA (or any successor thereto) at the
e-mail address set forth below the Investors name on the signature page or Exhibit A, as updated from time to time by notice to the Company. To the extent that any notice given by means of
electronic mail is returned or undeliverable for any reason, the foregoing consent shall be deemed to have been revoked until a new or corrected e-mail address has been provided, and such attempted electronic
notice shall be ineffective and deemed to not have been given. Each party agrees to promptly notify the other parties of any change in its e-mail address, and that failure to do so shall not affect the
foregoing. 

(c) Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any
one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement. 

12 

(d) Governing Law. The provisions of Section 8.5 of the
Purchase Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis mutandis. 

(e) Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings
in this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

(f)
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the
other party; provided that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto
with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature. 

(g) Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall
execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby. 

(h) Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company and each
provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto. 

(i) No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the
parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder,
director, officer, employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party beneficiary with
respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(j) Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is
held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business
purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto. 

(k) Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement,
the Company covenants, agrees and acknowledges that no recourse under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement shall be had against any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder,
general or limited partner or member of the Investors or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by virtue of any statute, regulation or other applicable law,
it being expressly agreed and acknowledged that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the
Investors or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, as such for any obligation of the Investors under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of
such obligations or their creation. 

13 

(l) Specific Performance. In addition to any and all other remedies that may be
available at law in the event of any breach of this Agreement, each Investor shall be entitled to specific performance of the agreements and obligations of the Company hereunder and to such other injunction or other equitable relief as may be
granted by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(m) Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not
exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be
duly executed as of date first written above. 

COMPANY:

CYCLERION THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Regina Graul, Ph.D.

Name: Regina Graul, Ph.D.

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be
duly executed as of date first written above. 

INVESTOR:

PETER HECHT

By: /s/ Peter Hecht

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement]

INVESTOR:

J. WOOD CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC

By: /s/ Jason Wood

Name: Jason Wood

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement]

INVESTOR:

JOE C. COOK, JR.

By: /s/ Joe. C. Cook, Jr.

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement]

INVESTOR:

POLARIS FOUNDERS CAPITAL FUND II, L.P.

By: Polaris Founders Capital Management Co. II, L.L.C., its general partner

By: /s/ Harold Friedman

Name: Harold Friedman

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement]

INVESTOR:

MICHAEL HIGGINS

By: /s/ Michael Higgins

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement]

Exhibit A 

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 

The selling
stockholders, which as used herein includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares of common stock or interests in shares of common
stock received after the date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other transfer, may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of their shares of common stock or
interests in shares of common stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These dispositions may be at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices
related to the prevailing market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. 

The selling stockholders may use any
one or more of the following methods when disposing of shares or interests therein: 

distributions to members, partners, stockholders or other equityholders of the selling stockholders;

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent, but may position and resell a
portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; 

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; 

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; 

privately negotiated transactions; 

short sales and settlement of short sales entered into after the effective date of the registration statement of
which this prospectus is a part; 

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange
or otherwise; 

broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated
price per share; 

a combination of any such methods of sale; and 

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. 

The selling stockholders may, from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares of common stock owned by them and, if they
default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares of common stock, from time to time, under this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other
applicable provision of the Securities Act, amending the list of selling stockholders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling stockholders under this prospectus. The selling stockholders also may transfer the
shares of common stock in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling stockholders for purposes of this prospectus. 

1 

In connection with the sale of our common stock or interests therein, the selling stockholders may enter
into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling stockholders may also sell shares of our
common stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The selling stockholders may also enter into option or other
transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares
such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). 

The
aggregate proceeds to the selling stockholders from the sale of the common stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the common stock less discounts or commissions, if any. Each of the selling stockholders reserves the right to accept and,
together with their agents from time to time, to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of common stock to be made directly or through agents. We will not receive any of the proceeds from this offering. 

The selling stockholders also may resell all or a portion of the shares in open market transactions in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities Act,
provided that they meet the criteria and conform to the requirements of that rule, or another available exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 

The selling stockholders and any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents that participate in the sale of the common stock or interests therein may be
underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act (it being understood that the selling stockholders shall not be deemed to be underwriters solely as a result of their participation in this offering). Any
discounts, commissions, concessions or profit they earn on any resale of the shares may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. Selling stockholders who are underwriters within the meaning of
Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. 

To the extent required, the
shares of our common stock to be sold, the names of the selling stockholders, the respective purchase prices and public offering prices, the names of any agent, dealer or underwriter, and any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a
particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement that includes this prospectus. 

In order to comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable, the common stock may be sold in these jurisdictions only through registered or
licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the common stock may not be sold unless it has been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from registration or qualification requirements is available and is complied with. 

2 

We have advised the selling stockholders that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange
Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to the activities of the selling stockholders and their affiliates. In addition, to the extent applicable, we will make copies of this prospectus (as it may be supplemented or amended from time to
time) available to the selling stockholders for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The selling stockholders may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the sale of
the shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. 

We have agreed to indemnify the selling stockholders
against liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and state securities laws, relating to the registration of the shares offered by this prospectus. 

We have agreed with the selling stockholders to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the registration statement of which this prospectus constitutes a
part to become effective and to remain continuously effective until the earlier of: (i) the date on which the selling stockholders shall have resold or otherwise disposed of all the shares covered by this prospectus and (ii) the date on
which the shares covered by this prospectus no longer constitute Registrable Securities as such term is defined in the Registration Rights Agreement, such that they may be resold by the selling stockholders without registration and
without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of
similar effect. 

3 

Exhibit B 

Investor Questionnaire 

The undersigned
hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate: 

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. 

Name. 

(a) 

Full Legal Name of Investor 

(b) 

Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities
are held: 

(c) 

Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or
with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire): 

2. 

Address for Notices to Investor: 

Telephone:

E-Mail:

4 

Contact Person:

3. Broker-Dealer Status: 

(a) 

Are you a broker-dealer? 

Yes No 

(b) 

If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for
investment banking services to the Company? 

Yes No 

Note: 

If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified
as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 

(c) 

Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer? 

Yes No 

(d) 

If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the
ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes No 

Note: 

If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified
as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 

4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Investor.

Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the
Company other than the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) 

Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Investor: 

5 

5. Relationships with the Company: 

Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5%
of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here: 

The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the
information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of
securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates. 

By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the
information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such
information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in
person or by its duly authorized agent. 

Date: Beneficial Owner: 

By: 

Name:

Title:

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED QUESTIONNAIRE 

TO: DANIEL.WILSON@ROPESGRAY.COM. 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cycn-20250321.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cycn-20250321_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cycn-20250321_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001755237

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 21, 2025

Entity Registrant Name CYCLERION THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MA

Entity File Number 001-38787

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-1895370

Entity Address, Address Line One 245 First Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 18th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Cambridge

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02142

City Area Code (857)

Local Phone Number 327-8778

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol CYCN

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.cyclerion.com//20250321/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cycn-20250321.xsd 
cycn-20250321_lab.xml 
cycn-20250321_pre.xml 
d926001d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-062612-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d926001d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001755237 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

NASDAQ 
false 
0001755237 
8-K 
2025-03-21 
CYCLERION THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
MA 
001-38787 
83-1895370 
245 First Street 
18th Floor 
Cambridge 
MA 
02142 
(857) 
327-8778 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
CYCN 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>