<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-000891.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-000891.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103192441
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-000891
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bit Digital, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001710350
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38421
		FILM NUMBER:		25508602

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 HUDSON YARDS, FLOOR 11
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-463-5121

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 HUDSON YARDS, FLOOR 11
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Golden Bull Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170626
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226703-8k_bitdigi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000171035000017103502024-12-272024-12-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 27, 2024

BIT DIGITAL INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-38421 98-1606989

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer

Identification No.)

31 Hudson Yards, Floor 11, New York, NY 10001

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code (212) 463-5121

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Title
of Each Class 

Trading
Symbol 

Name
of Each Exchange

On
Which Registered

Ordinary Shares, $.01 par value BTBT Nasdaq Capital
Market

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13a-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On
December 27, 2024, Bit Digital, Inc (the Company) through a wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, Enovum Data Centers MTL II,
L.P. acquired the real estate and building for a build-to-suit 5MW Tier-3 data center expansion project in Montreal, Canada. This acquisition
is part of the Companys strategy to expand its HPC data center footprint to 32MW during 2025. This site also comprises part of
the Companys 288MW proprietary pipeline announced earlier in 2024. The Company purchased the site (MTL2) from a
subsidiary of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc for CAD $33.5 million (approximately USD $23.3MM assuming a CAD/USD exchange rate
of 0.70) excluding fees. Bit Digital initially funded the purchase with cash on hand and is in the process of securing mortgage financing
for both the site acquisition and subsequent infrastructure capex. The Company expects to spend approximately CAD $27.6 million (approx.
USD $19.3MM) to develop the site to Tier-3 standards with an initial gross load of 5MW. The site is expected to be completed and operational
by May 2025. MTL2, a 160,000 square feet site that was previously used as an encapsulation manufacturing facility, is located at 7300
Trans-Canada Highway, City of Point-Claire, Quebec. The Company plans to retrofit the site with advanced cooling technology, including
direct-to-chip liquid cooling, which enhances energy efficiency and supports AI and other high-performance workloads with 150kW rack
density. The Company is collaborating with third parties to implement a heat reject loop to further enhance the sustainability profile
of the datacenter. The facility will be powered by 100% renewable hydroelectricity provided by Hydro-Quebec. Additionally, the site offers
the potential to expand, enabling scalable growth aligned with market demand.

A
copy of the Agreement of Purchase and Sale is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 A copy of a press release dated December 30, 2024, titled
Bit Digital Acquires Another Metropolitan Site for Tier-3 Data Center Expansion is being furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this
Form 8-K.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit Name of Exhibit

10.1 Agreement of Purchase and Sale of 7330 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire, Quebec, Canada *

99.1 Press Release Dated December 30, 2024 titled Bit Digital, Inc. Acquires Another Metropolitan Site for Tier-3 Data Center Expansion

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained
in Exhibit 101).

* Schedules have been omitted and are available upon request
of the SEC

-1-

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BIT
DIGITAL, INC.

Date:
January 3, 2025 By: /s/
Samir Tabar

Samir
Tabar

Chief
Executive Officer

-2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022670301ex10-1_bitdigi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALE OF 7330 TRANS-CANADA HIGHWAY, POINT-CLAIRE, QUEBEC, CANADA
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

ARE-CANADA NO. 5 HOLDINGS, ULC

as Vendor

- and -

ENOVUM DATA CENTERS MTL II, L.P.

as Purchaser

AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE
AND SALE

SALE OF 7300 Trans-Canada
Highway, Point-Claire, Quebec

Dated as
of December 23rd, 2024

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page i

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Article 1
Interpretation 1

Section 1.1 Definitions 1

Section 1.2 Schedules and Exhibits 9

Section 1.3 Interpretation 9

Article 2
Agreement of Purchase and Sale 10

Section 2.1 Agreement of Purchase and Sale 10

Section 2.2 Absence of Warranty 11

Section 2.3 Assignment and Assumption 11

Section 2.4 Binding Agreement 11

Article 3
Purchase Price 11

Section 3.1 Method of Payment of Purchase Price 11

Section 3.2 Allocation of Purchase Price 12

Section 3.3 Adjustments 12

Section 3.4 Statement of Adjustments 12

Section 3.5 Realty Tax Refunds 13

Section 3.6 Deposit 13

Section 3.7 Disbursement of Escrow Funds 14

Section 3.8 Disbursement of Holdback Amount 15

Article 4
Due Diligence and Pre-Closing Covenants 15

Section 4.1 Deliveries by Vendor 15

Section 4.2 Access to the Property 16

Section 4.3 Due Diligence Condition 17

Section 4.4 Disclaimer 17

Section 4.5 Confidentiality 18

Section 4.6 Announcements 20

Article 5
Conditions Precedent 20

Section 5.1 Conditions for Vendor 20

Section 5.2 Conditions for Purchaser 21

Section 5.3 Non-Satisfaction of Conditions 22

Section 5.4 Reasonable and Diligent Efforts to Satisfy Conditions 23

Article 6
Closing Documents 23

Section 6.1 Vendors Closing Documents 23

Section 6.2 Purchasers Closing Documents 24

Section 6.3 Transfer Taxes 25

Section 6.4 Registration and Other Costs 26

Section 6.5 Documents 26

Article 7
Representations, Warranties and Covenants 26

Section 7.1 Vendors Representations 26

Section 7.2 Purchasers Representations 30

Section 7.3 Survival of Representations 32

Section 7.4 As is, Where is 32

Section 7.5 Disclosure of Information 33

Section 7.6 Indemnification for Claims relating to the Purchased
Assets 34

Section 7.7 Excluded Equipment and Decommissioning Work Indemnity 35

Section 7.8 Third Party Claims 37

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page ii

Article 8
Operation until Closing 38

Section 8.1 Operation Before Closing 38

Section 8.2 Damage Before Closing 38

Section 8.3 Expropriation 39

Section 8.4 New Leases 40

Section 8.5 Contracts and Permits 40

Article 9
General 41

Section 9.1 Applicable Law and Forum 41

Section 9.2 Invalidity 41

Section 9.3 Amendment of Agreement 41

Section 9.4 Time of the Essence 41

Section 9.5 Further Assurances 41

Section 9.6 Entire Agreement 42

Section 9.7 Waiver 42

Section 9.8 Effect of Termination of Agreement 42

Section 9.9 Legal Fees/Real Estate Commission 42

Section 9.10 Solicitors as Agents and Tender 42

Section 9.11 Survival 43

Section 9.12 Successors and Assigns 43

Section 9.13 Assignment 43

Section 9.14 Privacy Legislation 43

Section 9.15 Notice 43

Section 9.16 Disclaimer of Partnership 44

Section 9.17 Rights of Parties Independent 44

Section 9.18 No Registration of Agreement 44

Section 9.19 Counterparts 44

Section 9.20 Language 44

Schedule
A Legal Description of the LandS 

Schedule
B Permitted Encumbrances 

Schedule
C Due Diligence Deliverables 

Schedule
D Escrow Agreement 

Article 1
Interpretation and Definitions 

1.1 Definitions 

1.2 Articles, Sections and Headings 

1.3 Extended Meanings 

1.4 Calculation of Time 

1.5 Entire Agreement 

Article 2
Appointment 

2.1 Appointment 

2.2 Investment 

2.3 Excess Amounts 

2.4 Fees 

Article 3
Delivery, Closing and Release from Escrow 

3.1 Delivery of the Closing Escrow Funds and Holdback Amount 

3.2 Delivery of Closing Documents 

3.3 Closing and Release of the Closing Escrow Funds 

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page iii

3.4 Release of the Holdback Amount 

3.5 Other Release From Escrow 

Article 4
Duties and Liabilities of the Escrow Agent 

4.1 Duties and liabilities 

4.2 Reliance by the Escrow Agent 

Article 5
Conflicting Directions, Dispute Resolution and Arbitration 

5.1 Conflicting Directions 

5.2 Dispute Resolution 

5.3 Arbitration 

Article 6
Resignation, Removal of Escrow Agent 

6.1 Resignation 

Article 7
Indemnification of Escrow Agent 

7.1 Indemnification 

Article 8
Termination of this Escrow Agreement 

8.1 Termination 

Article 9
General Provisions 

9.1 Continuing Legal Counsel 

9.2 Payment 

9.3 Further Assurances 

9.4 Assignment 

9.5 Amendments and Waivers 

9.6 Currency 

9.7 Notices 

9.8 Governing Law and Forum 

9.9 Severability 

9.10 Counterparts 

9.11 Language 

Schedule
E GST/QST Certificate and Indemnity 

Schedule
F Excluded Equipment AND DECOMMISSIONING WORK 

Schedule
G Form of Deed of Sale 

Schedule
H Form of Assignment and Assumption of Permitted Encumbrances 

AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE
AND SALE

THIS AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALE made
as of December 23rd, 2024

BETWEEN: ARE-CANADA NO. 5 HOLDINGS,
ULC, a legal person duly incorporated under the Business Corporations Act (British
Columbia), herein acting and represented by Gregory S. Kay, its Senior Vice President;

(the Vendor);

AND: ENOVUM DATA CENTERS MTL II, L.P.,
a limited partnership duly incorporated under the Civil Code of Qubec, herein
acting and represented by its sole general partner, ENOVUM MTL II GP INC., a legal
person duly incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations Act, herein acting
and represented by Erke Huang, its Vice-President and Secretary;

(the Purchaser),

RECITALS:

WHEREAS the Vendor has agreed to sell,
transfer, assign, set over and convey all of its interest in and to the Purchased Assets to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser has agreed
to purchase, acquire and assume all of the Vendors interest in and to the Purchased Assets from the Vendor on the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement;

NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the
mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged), the Parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

Article 1

Interpretation

Section 1.1 Definitions

1.1.1 The terms defined herein shall have, for
all purposes of this Agreement, the following meanings, unless the context expressly or by
necessary implication otherwise requires:

Acceptance
Date means the date upon which this Agreement is executed and delivered by each of the Parties hereto.

Adjustment
Date means 11:59 p.m. (Montreal time) on the day immediately preceding the Closing Date.

Adjustments
means the adjustments to the Purchase Price provided for and determined pursuant to this Agreement including, without limitation, Section 3.3
and Section 3.4.

Adverse
Entries means any entry registered against title to the Property on or after December 20th, 2024, except for Permitted
Encumbrances and for the registration of the Deed of Sale.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 2

Affiliates
means, with respect to any Person (in this definition, such Person being referred to herein as the Subject Person),
any other Person which, directly or indirectly, is Controlled by the Subject Person, or Controls the Subject Person, or is Controlled
by a Person which also Controls the Subject Person.

Agreement
means the agreement arising from the execution hereof by the Parties hereto, together with all schedules hereto and all instruments supplemental
hereto or in any amendment or confirmation hereof, and hereof, hereto, hereunder and similar
expressions refer to this Agreement and not to any particular section of this Agreement.

AML Legislation
means the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) and other applicable anti-money laundering,
anti-terrorist financing, government sanctions and know your client laws applicable to the Parties or their respective
Affiliates, including any regulations, guidelines or orders thereunder.

Applicable
Laws means applicable laws (including common law and civil law), statutes, by-laws, rules, regulations, orders, ordinances,
codes, treaties, decrees, judgements, awards or requirements, in each case of any Governmental Authority.

Article,
Section and Schedule mean and refer to the specified article, section and schedule of or to
this Agreement.

Assignment
and Assumption of Permitted Encumbrances means an assignment by the Vendor and an assumption by the Purchaser of all of the
right, title, interest, obligations, duties and liabilities of the Vendor in and under the Permitted Encumbrances and the benefit of
all covenants, guarantees and indemnities thereunder, with such assignment and assumption taking effect as of and from the Closing Date,
substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule H.

Assignment
of Warranties means an assignment by the Vendor to the Purchaser or as the Purchaser may direct of all of the right, title
and interest of the Vendor in and under the Warranties, with such assignment and assumption taking effect as of and from the Closing
Date.

Assumed
Liabilities means all liabilities and obligations to be paid or performed from and after the Closing (a) under the Warranties
and the Permitted Encumbrances, and (b) to the extent resulting from ownership of the Purchased Assets and the conduct of business
and operations at the Property after Closing, but excluding in all cases the Excluded Liabilities.

Balance
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.1.1(b).

Basket
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.6.4.

Bill of
Sale means a bill of sale and/or general conveyance for the Movables.

Books and
Records means all information owned by the Vendor relating to the Purchased Assets in existence at Closing.

Breach
means with respect to the Vendor or the Purchaser, as the case may be, (i) any breach of any warranty or the inaccuracy of any representation
contained or referred to in this Agreement as of the Acceptance Date or as of the Closing Date, (ii) any breach of any warranty or the
inaccuracy of any representation contained or referred to in the Closing Documents or (iii) any breach of any covenants, undertaking
or agreements, or any failure to perform any obligations, in each case in this Agreement or in the Closing Documents.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 3

Buildings
means, collectively, all buildings, structures, fixed improvements and equipment located on, in or under the Lands, and Building
means any of the buildings, structures, fixed improvements and equipment located on, in or under the Lands.

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or statutory holiday in the Province of Qubec or any other day on
which banks in the Province of Qubec are generally not open for business.

Cap
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.6.5.

Claims
means all past, present and future claims, suits, proceedings, liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, judgments, assessments
or reassessments, costs, expenses, fines, disbursements, legal fees on a client and solicitor basis, interest, demands and actions of
any nature or any kind whatsoever.

Closing
means the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the delivery of all Closing Documents.

Closing
Date means December 27, 2024 (or December 30, 2024 if the wires described in Section 3.1.1 have not yet been received by the
Escrow Agent by 5:00 p.m. (Montreal time) on December 27, 2024), as it may be extended pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

Closing
Documents means, collectively, (i) the agreements, instruments and other documents to be delivered by the Vendor to the Purchaser
or the Purchasers Solicitors pursuant to Section 6.1, and (ii) the agreements, instruments and other documents to be delivered
by the Purchaser to the Vendor or the Vendors Solicitors pursuant to Section 6.2.

Closing
Escrow Funds shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.7.1.

Confidential
Information has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.5.6.

Contracts
means, collectively, all existing contracts, agreements and licences entered into by or on behalf of the Vendor, in each case with third
parties (other than Affiliates) with respect to the ownership, development, maintenance, repair and operation of the Property, whether
entered into before or after the Due Diligence Date in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in each case as amended, renewed
or otherwise varied, in each case to the extent the same are assignable, but excluding the Permitted Encumbrances and the Warranties.

Control
for the purposes of this Agreement is determined based on the following:

(a) To control a corporation a Person must,
(i) beneficially hold (other than by way of security only) securities of such corporation
or the right to vote or direct the voting of securities of such corporation to which, in
the aggregate, are attached more than 50% of the votes that may be cast to elect directors
of the corporation, provided that in all circumstances the votes attached to those securities
are sufficient, if exercised, to elect a majority of the directors of the corporation and
control the management of such corporation, and (ii) also have the power to control and direct
in all circumstances the management and policies of such corporation, directly or indirectly,
whether through the ownership or control of voting securities, voting rights, contract or
otherwise;

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 4

(b) To control a partnership, a Person must,
(i) beneficially own (other than by way of security only) at least 50% of the partnership
interest in such partnership and have the right to receive 50% of all revenues from such
partnership, and (ii) also have the power to control and direct in all circumstances the
management and policies of such partnership directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership
or control of voting securities of the general partner, voting rights, contract or otherwise;

(c) To control a trust where the trustees have
discretionary powers in respect of the trust assets, a Person must (i) have the right to
elect or appoint a majority of the trustees of such trust, and (ii) be, directly or indirectly,
the sole beneficiary of such trust;

(d) To control a limited partnership, a Person
must Control each person that is a general partner of such limited partnership;

(e) To control a Person other than a corporation,
partnership or trust referred to in any of clauses (a) to (c) above (the Subject
Entity) a Person must (i) beneficially own, directly or indirectly, at least a
majority ownership interest in the Subject Entity, and (ii) also have the power to control
and to direct in all circumstances the management and policies of the Subject Entity, directly
or indirectly, whether through the ownership or control of voting securities, voting rights,
contract or otherwise; and

(f) a Person who controls another Person is
deemed to control any Person which is controlled, or deemed to be controlled, by such other
Person,

and the words Controlled,
controlled, Controlling and controlling have corresponding meanings.

Decommissioning
Work means the work identified as Decommissioning Work in Error! Reference source not found. hereto;

Deed of
Sale has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 6.1.1(b).

Delivery
Date has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.1.1.

Deposit
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.1.1(a).

Due Diligence
Condition has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.3.1.

Due Diligence
Date means 5:00 p.m. (Montreal time) on December 23, 2024.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 5

Due Diligence
Documents means any and all documents or information disclosed or made available to the Purchaser, through the data room set
up by the Vendor for such purpose or otherwise, including, without limitation, the documents listed in Section 4.1.1.

Encumbrances
means any mortgages, pledges, charges, priorities, debentures, hypothecs, trust deeds, assignments by way of security, security interests,
conditional sales contracts or other title retention agreements or similar interests or instruments charging, or creating a security
interest in, or against title to, such property or any part thereof or interest therein, and any agreements, leases, options, easements,
servitudes, rights of way, rights of superficies, restrictions, executions, permissions or other charges or encumbrances (including notices
or other registrations in respect of any of the foregoing) against the Property or any part thereof or interest therein or title thereto,
whether registered or unregistered.

Environmental
Experts has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.7.

Environmental
Laws means all applicable Canadian federal, provincial, municipal and local laws, including without limitation all statutes,
by-laws and regulations and all orders, policies, directives, guidelines, each to the extent having the force of law, and all decisions
rendered by any ministry, department or administrative or regulatory agency relating to the protection of the environment, or the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, packaging, transport, handling, containment, clean-up or other remediation
or corrective action of any Hazardous Substances.

Escrow
Account shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Escrow Agreement.

Escrow
Agent means the escrow agent pursuant to the Escrow Agreement.

Escrow
Agreement shall mean the escrow agreement between the Escrow Agent, as escrow agent, the Purchaser and the Vendor, substantially
in the form attached hereto as Error! Reference source not found., to be entered in to concurrently herewith.

Escrow
Sunset Date means three (3) months following the Indemnity Release Date.

Excluded
Assets means, collectively:

(a) cash, monies, deposits, bank accounts, negotiable
instruments, or other instruments of the Vendor;

(b) all rights of the Vendor of every nature
arising out of all insurance policies relating to the Property;

(c) the Excluded Equipment;

(d) all Contracts;

(e) information technology, computers, computer
systems, firmware, middleware, servers, workstations, routers, hubs, data, databases, software
programs, source code and object code, and user manuals owned by, leased by or licensed to
the Vendor or any Affiliate of the Vendor, in each case except as otherwise advised by the
Vendor; and

(f) the Realty Tax Refunds.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 6

Excluded
Equipment means the equipment identified as Excluded Equipment in Error! Reference source not found.
hereto;

Excluded
Liabilities means (A) any liability or obligation, direct or indirect, known or unknown, absolute or contingent, relating
to the Purchased Assets that is not an Assumed Liability pursuant to this Agreement, and (B) any liability or obligation, direct or indirect,
known or unknown, absolute or contingent, relating to the Excluded Assets or the Decommissioning Work;

Existence
and Net Worth Covenant has the meaning set out in Section 7.3.2.

GAAP
means the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in place as of the date hereof.

General
Partner means Enovum MTL II GP Inc.

Governmental
Authority means any federal, provincial or municipal government, parliament or legislature, or any regulatory authority, agency,
bureau, ministry, department, commission or board or other representative thereof, or any political subdivision thereof, or any court
or tribunal or, without limitation, any other law-, regulation- or rule-making entity having jurisdiction over the relevant circumstances,
or any Person acting under the authority of any of the foregoing (including, without limitation, any arbitrator).

GST
means the goods and services tax payable pursuant to the Excise Tax Act (Canada).

GST/QST
Certificate and Indemnity has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 6.3 .

Hazardous
Substances means any pollutants, contaminants, chemicals, deleterious substances, waste (including without limitation, industrial,
toxic or hazardous wastes), petroleum or petroleum products, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, flammable materials or radioactive
materials which are regulated or controlled under Environmental Laws.

Holdback
Amount means the amount of ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000).

Indemnity
Release Date has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.7.

Lands
means the lands and premises described in Error! Reference source not found. attached hereto, and all of Vendors rights
and interests appurtenant or ancillary thereto.

Leases
means, collectively, any offers to lease, agreements to lease, amendments to lease, leases, subleases, renewals or extensions of leases
and other rights or licenses granted to possess or occupy space within the Property or any part thereof, in each case as amended, renewed
or otherwise varied, and Lease means any one of the Leases.

Listed
Designated Person means a Person mentioned on lists of names subject to the Regulations Establishing Lists of Entities made
under subsection 83.05(1) of the Criminal Code (Canada), the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury
(OFAC) at its official website (http://www.treas.gov/ofac/) and/or the United Nations Suppression of Terrorism Regulations
(UNSET) and/or a listing which is currently published under the internet website addresses http://www.publicsafety.gc.ca/cnt/ntnl-scrt/cntr-trrrsm/lstd-ntts/crrnt-lstd-ntts-eng.aspx
or www.osfi-bsif.gc.ca/Eng/fi-if/amlc-clnpc/Pages/default.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 7

Movables
means the inventory, supplies, equipment, furnishings, movables and all other tangible personal or corporeal movable property owned by
the Vendor and used exclusively in connection with the ownership, operation, maintenance or management of the Property, in each case
to the extent the same are located on the Lands as of December 20th, 2024, the whole excluding the Excluded Equipment.

Notes
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.5.6.

Objection
Period has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.7.

Parties
means the Vendor and the Purchaser and any other Person who may become a party to this Agreement and Party means
any of the Parties as the context requires.

Pending
Claims has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.8.3.

Permit
means a permit, license, certification, authorization, right or privilege granted, delivered, issued or otherwise conferred by a Governmental
Authority.

Permitted
Encumbrances means, collectively, the Encumbrances affecting title to the Purchased Assets registered on title to the Purchased
Assets before December 20th, 2024 and those listed in Error! Reference source not found. hereto.

Person
means a natural person, a partnership of any type, a corporation, a joint venture, a syndicate, a chartered bank, a trust, a trust company,
a government or an agency thereof, an unincorporated association, or an executor, administrator or other legal representative.

Plans
means all documentation in the possession or control of the Vendor relevant to the construction of the Buildings including, without limitation,
surveys, working drawings, detail drawings, as-built drawings, suite floor plans, other documentation prepared to illustrate or define
a particular aspect of the Buildings, consultants contracts and reports, construction contracts, plans submitted with all building
permits issued for the Property and occupancy permits.

Post-Closing
Adjustment has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.3.3.

Property
means, collectively, the Lands, the Buildings and all easements, rights-of-way, servitudes and other rights enjoyed by the Vendor as
appurtenant to or in conjunction therewith.

Purchased
Assets means, collectively, all of the Vendors rights, title, and interest in, to and under, or relating to:

(a) the Property;

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 8

(b) the Warranties;

(c) the Movables;

(d) the Books and Records; and

(e) all other property, assets, rights, interests,
entitlements, benefits and privileges of the Vendor of any nature or kind whatsoever relating
to the Property;

and excluding, for greater certainty,
the Excluded Assets.

Purchase
Price has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.1.

Purchaser
means ENOVUM DATA CENTERS MTL II, L.P. and its successors and permitted assigns.

Purchasers
Solicitors means Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP (Attention: Florence Simard) or such other firm or firms of solicitors
as are appointed by the Purchaser from time to time and notice of which is provided to the Vendor or the Vendors Solicitors.

QST
means the Qubec sales tax payable pursuant to An Act respecting the Qubec Sales Tax.

Realty
Tax Refunds has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.5.

Release
Date has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.3.1.

Reports
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.4.1.

Representatives
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.5.7.

RPMRR
means the Register of Personal and Movable Real Rights (Quebec).

Tax Act
means the Income Tax Act (Canada), as amended.

Transfer
Taxes has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 6.3.

Vendor
means ARE-Canada No. 5 Holdings, ULC and its successors and permitted assigns.

Vendors
Solicitors means Fasken Martineau DuMoulin LLP (Attention: Richard Clare and Mathieu Renaud) or such other firm or firms of
solicitors as are appointed by the Vendor from time to time and notice of which is provided to the Purchaser or the Purchasers
Solicitors.

Warranties
means the existing warranties, guarantees and indemnities remaining in existence as of Closing, if any, in favour of the Vendor and which
entitle the Vendor to any rights against a contractor or supplier in respect of the construction, maintenance, repair and operation of
the Buildings or any part thereof, in each case to the extent the same are assignable.

Work Order
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 8.1.2.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 9

Section 1.2 Schedules and
Exhibits

1.2.1 The following Schedules and any exhibits
attached thereto form an integral part of this Agreement:

Schedule A Legal Description of the Land

Schedule B Permitted Encumbrances

Schedule C Due Diligence Deliverables

Schedule D Escrow Agreement

Schedule E GST/QST Certificate and Indemnity

Schedule F Excluded Equipment and Decommissioning Work

Schedule G Form of Deed of Sale

Schedule H Form of Assignment and Assumption of Permitted Encumbrances

Section 1.3 Interpretation

1.3.1 Gender and Number. Any reference
in this Agreement or any Closing Document to gender includes all genders. Words importing
the singular number only shall include the plural and vice versa.

1.3.2 Headings, etc. The provision of a
table of contents, the division of this Agreement into Articles and Sections and the insertion
of headings are for convenient reference only and are not to affect its interpretation.

1.3.3 Currency. All references in this
Agreement or any Closing Document to dollars or to $ are expressed in Canadian currency unless
otherwise specifically indicated.

1.3.4 Obligations as Covenants. Each agreement
and obligation of any of the Parties hereto in this Agreement, even though not expressed
as a covenant, is considered for all purposes to be a covenant.

1.3.5 Certain Phrases, etc. In this Agreement
and any Closing Document (i) the words including, includes
and include mean including (or includes or include) without limitation,
and (ii) the phrase the aggregate of, the total of, the
sum of, or a phrase of similar meaning means the aggregate (or total or sum),
without duplication, of. Unless otherwise specified, the words Article
and Section followed by a number mean and refer to the specified Article or
Section of this Agreement. In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to
a later specified date, unless otherwise expressly stated, the word from means
from and excluding and the words to and until each
mean to and including.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 10

1.3.6 Accounting Terms. All accounting
terms not specifically defined in this Agreement are to be interpreted in accordance with
GAAP. All calculations made or referred to herein shall be made in accordance with GAAP and/or
Canadian generally accepted accounting principles and practices at the time that the calculation
is made and shall be applied on a consistent basis.

1.3.7 References to Persons and Agreements.
Any reference in this Agreement and any Closing Document to a Person includes its successors
and permitted assigns. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or any Closing Document,
the term Agreement and any reference in this Agreement to this Agreement, any
Closing Document or any other agreement or document includes, and is a reference to, this
Agreement, such Closing Document or such other agreement or document as it may have been,
or may from time to time be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or novated and shall
include all schedules to it.

1.3.8 Statutes. Except as otherwise provided
in this Agreement or any Closing Document, any reference in this Agreement or therein to
a statute refers to such statute and all rules and regulations made under it, as it or they
may have been or may from time to time be amended or re-enacted.

1.3.9 Non-Business Days. Whenever payments
are to be made or an action is to be taken on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment
will be made or such action will be taken on or not later than the next succeeding Business
Day.

1.3.10 Waiver of Contra Proferentem.
The Parties waive the application of any rule of law which otherwise would be applicable
in connection with the construction of this Agreement that ambiguous or conflicting terms
or provisions should be construed against the Party who (or whose counsel) prepared the executed
agreement or any earlier draft of the same.

1.3.11 Waiver of Ejusdem Generis.
General words are not given a restrictive meaning (i) if they are introduced by the word
other, by reason of the fact that they are preceded by words indicating a particular
class of act, matter or thing; or (ii) by reason of the fact that they are followed by particular
examples intended to be embraced by those general words.

Article 2

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Section 2.1 Agreement of Purchase
and Sale

2.1.1 The Vendor hereby agrees to sell, transfer,
assign, set over and convey the Purchased Assets to the Purchaser on the Closing Date (subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement), and the Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase,
acquire and assume the Purchased Assets from the Vendor for the sum of THIRTY
THREE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($33,500,000.00) (the Purchase
Price), exclusive of GST and QST. This Agreement shall be completed on the Closing
Date at the offices of the Vendors Solicitors in Montreal.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 11

Section 2.2 Absence of Warranty

2.2.1 The purchase and sale of the Purchased Assets
is made on an as is, where is basis at the Purchasers risk and peril
(subject only to the express representations, warranties, terms and conditions of this Agreement).

2.2.2 The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that
the Vendor is not a professional seller within the meaning of the Civil Code of Qubec.

Section 2.3 Assignment
and Assumption

2.3.1 Pursuant to Section 2.1, the Vendor
shall sell, assign and transfer to the Purchaser all its right, title and interest in and
to (i) all Warranties, to the extent that such Warranties exist and can be assigned, and
(ii) the Assumed Liabilities, and the Vendor shall subrogate the Purchaser in its rights
and obligations with regards to all of the above, which rights and obligations shall be assumed
by the Purchaser with liability from and including the Closing Date, and the Purchaser shall
undertake in favor of the Vendor to assume, from and including the Closing Date, all the
commitments and each of the obligations, modalities and conditions imposed upon the Vendor
pursuant to the foregoing.

Section 2.4 Binding Agreement

2.4.1 The agreement of the Vendor with the Purchaser
set forth in Section 2.1 creates and constitutes a binding agreement of purchase and
sale of the Purchased Assets on and subject to the provisions of this Agreement, notwithstanding
the inclusion herein of any condition.

Article 3

Purchase Price

Section 3.1 Method of Payment
of Purchase Price

3.1.1 The Purchase Price shall be satisfied by
and payable as follows:

(a) Within three (3) Business Days following
the date hereof, the Purchaser shall pay the sum of TWO MILLION THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS
($2,300,000.00) (the Deposit) as a cash deposit by wire transfer
to the Escrow Agent, to be invested by the Escrow Agent in trust in accordance with the Escrow
Agreement and this Agreement;

(b) The payment, on Closing, of the balance
of the Purchase Price (net of Adjustments) minus the Holdback Amount (the Balance)
by wire transfer payable to the Escrow Agent in trust, and to be held and released from escrow
and disbursed by the Escrow Agent in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement and
this Agreement.

(c) The payment, on Closing, of the Holdback
Amount by wire transfer payable to the Escrow Agent in trust, and to be held and released
from escrow and disbursed by the Escrow Agent in accordance with the terms of the Escrow
Agreement and this Agreement.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 12

Section 3.2 Allocation of
Purchase Price

3.2.1 The Vendor and the Purchaser shall agree
prior to Closing upon the allocation of the Purchase Price (such allocation referred to herein
as the Allocation) among the Purchased Assets, subject to the adjustment
in Section 3.3, and to report the purchase and sale of the Purchased Assets for all
tax and other purposes and to file all tax returns in a manner consistent with the Allocation.

Section 3.3 Adjustments

3.3.1 Adjustments shall be made as of the Adjustment
Date on an accrual basis. The Vendor shall be responsible for all expenses and entitled to
all revenue accruing from the Purchased Assets for that period prior to and ending on the
Adjustment Date, and thereafter the Purchaser shall be responsible for all expenses (except
as otherwise provided in this Agreement) and shall be entitled to all revenue accruing from
the Purchased Assets.

3.3.2 Subject to Section 3.5, the adjustments
(herein collectively referred to as the Adjustments) shall include all
realty taxes, local improvement rates and charges, water and assessment rates and other adjustments
established by the customary practice in the City of Pointe-Claire for the purchase and sale
of similar properties. In addition, the Adjustments shall include the other matters referred
to in this Agreement which are stated to be the subject of adjustment and shall exclude the
other matters in this Agreement which are stated not to be the subject of adjustment.

3.3.3 If the final cost or amount of any item
which is to be adjusted cannot be determined at Closing, then an initial adjustment for such
item shall be made at Closing, such amount to be estimated by the Vendor and the Purchaser,
each acting reasonably, as of the Adjustment Date on the basis of the best evidence available
at the Closing as to what the final cost or amount of such item will be. In each case when
such cost or amount is determined, including where such amount was omitted from the statement
of adjustments through inadvertence or otherwise (provided the same is a proper adjustment
hereunder), the Vendor or the Purchaser, as the case may be, shall, within thirty (30) days
of determination, provide a complete statement thereof to the other and within thirty (30)
days thereafter the Parties shall make a final adjustment as of the Adjustment Date for the
item in question (each a Post-Closing Adjustment). All Post-Closing
Adjustments shall, in any event, be completed on or before twelve (12) months from the Closing
Date. In the absence of agreement by the Parties hereto, the final cost or amount of an item
of Post-Closing Adjustment shall be determined by auditors appointed jointly by the Vendor
and the Purchaser, with the cost of such auditors determination being shared equally
between the Vendor and the Purchaser. On Closing, the Vendor and the Purchaser shall execute
an undertaking to readjust in respect of the Adjustments and for any errors, omissions or
changes in the statement of adjustments.

3.3.4 All meters for public or private utilities
shall be read at Closing and all charges in connection therewith for the period prior to
Closing shall forthwith be paid by the Vendor.

Section 3.4 Statement of Adjustments

3.4.1 At least five (5) Business Days prior to
the Closing Date, the Vendor shall cause to be delivered a statement of adjustments to the
Purchaser, for its approval, for the Property. The statement of adjustments shall have annexed
to it details of the calculations used by the Vendor to arrive at all debits and credits
on the statement of adjustments and all documentation that is reasonably required to verify
the adjustments.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 13

Section 3.5 Realty Tax Refunds

3.5.1 All right, title and benefit to any realty
tax appeals and reassessments and any rebates (including without limitation vacancy rebates),
refunds or reassessments of realty taxes for the Property in respect of periods preceding
the Closing Date (collectively, the Realty Tax Refunds) shall remain
the property of the Vendor and shall not form part of the Purchased Assets. If there are
any pending proceedings to contest the municipal assessment of the Property for the current
assessment roll or any prior periods, the Vendor may, at its option and its sole expense,
continue such appeals; provided that the Vendor shall pursue such appeals in a commercially
reasonable manner and consult with the Purchaser with respect to any final settlement or
disposition of any such appeal. The Purchaser and the Vendor agree to co-operate with the
other with respect to all such appeals and to provide the other with access to any necessary
documents or materials required to continue any such appeals. Any net rebates resulting from
the foregoing (regardless of whether they are received by the Vendor or the Purchaser) shall
be paid to the Vendor and the Purchaser on a pro rata basis by reference to the number of
days in the relevant period when they were the owners of the Property.

Section 3.6 Deposit

3.6.1 The Purchaser shall pay the Deposit to the
Escrow Agent, in trust, in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.1.1(a), to be
held and disbursed pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement and this Agreement.

3.6.2 The Deposit will be held by the Escrow Agent
as a deposit in trust pending completion or other termination of this Agreement in an interest-bearing
trust account with a Canadian chartered bank, to be credited on account of the Purchase Price
on Closing, with interest accruing to the Purchaser and to be delivered to the Purchaser
following the Closing, the whole as more fully set out in the Escrow Agreement.

3.6.3 If:

(a) the transaction contemplated by this Agreement
is not completed on the Closing Date for any reason other than solely by reason of the default
or Breach of the Purchaser under this Agreement, and this Agreement is terminated in accordance
with its terms as a result, the Deposit and all accrued interest thereon shall be returned
to the Purchaser forthwith and the Purchaser and the Vendor shall be released from all of
their respective liabilities and obligations under this Agreement other than the Purchasers
liabilities and obligations pursuant to Section 4.2.3, Section 4.3.3 and Section 4.5.
If the transaction contemplated by this Agreement is not completed on the Closing Date as
a result solely of a default or Breach of the Vendor, the Purchaser shall be entitled to
exercise such rights, recourses or remedies as are available to it at law, including the
right to require specific performance, it being however understood that the liability of
the Vendor in damages shall be limited to the Cap; or

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 14

(b) the transaction contemplated by this Agreement
is not completed on the Closing Date or this Agreement is terminated in each case as a result
of a default or Breach of the Purchaser under this Agreement, the Deposit and all interest
accrued thereon shall be forfeited to (and become the property of) the Vendor as liquidated
damages and thereupon be paid to the Vendor and the Purchaser and the Vendor shall be released
from all of their respective liabilities and obligations under this Agreement other than
the Purchasers liabilities and obligations pursuant to Section 4.2.3, Section 4.3.3
and Section 4.5.

3.6.4 The Vendor and the Purchaser each hereby
irrevocably instruct and direct the Escrow Agent, as escrow agent, to give effect to the
provisions of this Section 3.6.3, and this Section 3.6.3 shall be the Escrow Agent
good and sufficient authority to do so.

3.6.5 The Parties acknowledge that the Escrow
Agent shall be mere stakeholders of the Deposit and the Balance as between the Parties to
this Agreement and, in the event of a dispute between the Vendor and the Purchaser as to
entitlement to, or disposition of, the Deposit and/or the Balance and/or any accrued interest
thereon, the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to pay the Deposit and/or the Balance and/or
such interest into court and thereafter shall have no further responsibility with regard
thereto, and the Escrow Agent may act in the interest of the Vendor in the matter of any
dispute between the Parties while still holding the Deposit in trust (or having deposited
the same into court). In holding and dealing with the Deposit pursuant to this Agreement,
the Escrow Agent shall not be bound in any way by any agreement other than the Escrow Agreement,
and the Escrow Agent shall not be considered to assume any duty, liability or responsibility
other than to hold the Deposit in accordance with the provisions of the Escrow Agreement
and to pay the Deposit and interest thereon to the Person becoming entitled thereto in accordance
with the terms of the Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agent will not, under any circumstances,
be required to verify or determine the validity of any notice or other document whatsoever
delivered to the Escrow Agent and the Escrow Agent is hereby relieved of any liability or
responsibility for any loss or damage which may arise as the result of the acceptance by
the Escrow Agent of any such notice or other document in good faith (provided that the Escrow
Agent shall not be relieved of any liability or responsibility for any loss or damage which
may arise if the Escrow Agent releases the Deposit to a Party hereto after having received
prior written notice from the other Party hereto claiming entitlement to such Deposit or
a dispute to such entitlement). This Section is intended to benefit the Escrow Agent notwithstanding
that they are not parties to this Agreement.

Section 3.7 Disbursement of
Escrow Funds

3.7.1 The Deposit and the Balance (collectively,
the Closing Escrow Funds) shall be held by the Escrow Agent in trust
pursuant to the Escrow Agreement and shall be disbursed by the Escrow Agent in accordance
with the Escrow Agreement to the Vendor or as the Vendor directs in writing at its sole discretion
upon confirmation from Escrow Agent and Purchasers Solicitors, based on the registers
of the relevant registry offices, of the registration of the Deed of Sale and of the absence
of any Adverse Entry.

3.7.2 In the event there is an Adverse Entry,
the Vendor and the Purchaser shall act reasonably to agree upon the portion of the Closing
Escrow Funds, if any, which can be released to the Vendor and those portions which are to
remain in escrow with the Escrow Agent pending resolution of the Adverse Entry, and if the
Vendor and the Purchaser reach such an agreement, they shall promptly give joint instructions
to the Escrow Agent to give effect thereto. The Vendor shall remain responsible to cause
any Adverse Entry to be discharged and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to do so
as soon as possible.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 15

Section 3.8 Disbursement of
Holdback Amount

3.8.1 The Holdback Amount shall be held by the
Escrow Agent in trust pursuant to the Escrow Agreement and shall be disbursed by the Escrow
Agent in accordance with the Escrow Agreement and this Agreement.

3.8.2 In the event any amounts is payable to the
Purchaser pursuant to Section 7.7, the Purchaser and the Vendor shall deliver a joint
written instruction to the Escrow Agent, instructing the Escrow Agent to release to the Purchaser
an amount in cash equal to the amount of the Claims payable to the Purchaser.

3.8.3 The Escrow Agreement shall provide, and
the Vendor and the Purchaser shall cause, that the Escrow Agent distributes to the Vendor
promptly after the Indemnity Release Date, a portion of the Holdback Amount equal to: (i)
the amount remaining in the Escrow Account at such time in connection with the Holdback Amount,
less (ii) the aggregate amount of all unpaid Claims pursuant to Section 7.7,
if any, including the aggregate amount of Claims specified by the Purchaser in any then-unresolved
indemnification claims and any amounts remaining in dispute pursuant to Section 7.7
(the Pending Claims); provided that if such amount is a negative
number, no amounts shall be released from the Escrow Account pursuant to this 3.8.3.

3.8.4 Promptly after all Pending Claims have been
resolved and paid to the Purchaser in accordance herewith, if any, the Vendor and Purchaser
shall deliver joint written instructions to the Escrow Agent to distribute to the Vendor
any amount remaining in the Escrow Account not required to satisfy such Pending Claims.

3.8.5 As of the Escrow Sunset Date, if (i) no
amounts are payable to the Purchaser pursuant to Section 7.7, (ii) there are no Pending
Claims, and (iii) the Escrow Agent has not received joint written instructions from the Vendor
and the Purchaser to distribute any amount remaining in the Escrow Account in accordance
with the Escrow Agreement and this Agreement, the Escrow Agent is hereby irrevocably instructed
by the Purchaser and the Vendor to distribute any amount remaining in the Escrow Account
to the Vendor promptly after the Escrow Sunset Date.

Article 4

Due Diligence and Pre-Closing Covenants

Section 4.1 Deliveries by
Vendor

4.1.1 Within five (5) Business Days next following
the Acceptance Date (the Delivery Date), the Vendor shall deliver or
make available to the Purchaser, via a data room or other electronic medium (except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement), in each case to the extent the same is in the possession or
control of the Vendor, the Due Diligence Documents relating to the Purchased Assets which
are listed in Error! Reference source not found. and any other material information
related to any Purchased Asset to the extent same is in the possession or control of the
Vendor, subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement set forth in Section 4.5.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 16

4.1.2 The Vendor shall promptly make available
any additional information or documentation reasonably requested by the Purchaser in connection
with the Purchased Assets but only to the extent same is within its possession or control.
The Vendor shall, until Closing, cause to be delivered to the Purchaser copies of the following
received from and after the Acceptance Date until the Closing Date: (i) all notices of default
and all other material notices or material correspondence, if any, received or sent by or
on behalf of the Vendor from or to any Person in respect of the Property, and (ii) information
or documentation which may materially amend or vary any delivery previously given or made
available to the Purchaser under this Agreement.

4.1.3 Any documentation or other information provided
by or on behalf of the Vendor to the Purchaser, on notice to the Purchaser (and for certainty,
such notice may be by email notification from the data room described in Section 4.1.1)
may be amended or supplemented as necessary from time to time prior to the Due Diligence
Date.

Section 4.2 Access to the
Property

4.2.1 From and after the Acceptance Date, the
Purchaser, its agents, employees and consultants shall have reasonable access to the Property
during normal business hours from time to time upon at least forty-eight (48) hours
notice to the Vendor, which access shall be at the Purchasers sole risk and expense,
for the purpose of making any of the Purchasers inspections, including without limitation
physical, structural, mechanical and electrical inspections, soil tests and environmental
audits, provided that the Purchaser shall not conduct any invasive testing without the Vendors
prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and then only on such conditions
as the Vendor may reasonably require. Such conditions may include a requirement that any
such activities must be carried out under the supervision of the Vendor or its consultants
and such conditions shall also include the requirement of the Purchaser to obtain additional
insurance. Such access shall be done in a manner that minimizes interference with the use
of the Property. Representatives of the Vendor shall have the right to accompany the Purchaser
and its advisors and employees on any inspections, tests and audits and the Vendor shall
have the right to approve invasive or intrusive inspections, tests and audits, if any are
proposed by the Purchaser, prior to such inspections, tests and audits being undertaken.

4.2.2 Before exercising such right of access for
the first time, and until the occurrence of Closing or the earlier termination of this Agreement,
the Purchaser shall subscribe for, and shall maintain in effect, a commercial general liability
insurance policy with reputable insurer(s) authorized to do business in the jurisdiction
where the Property is located, for a minimum coverage per occurrence and in the aggregate
of five million dollars ($5,000,000.00), which policy shall (i) include coverage for
assumed contractual liability, owned or used motor vehicle liability and environmental liability
(sudden pollution) for not less than the coverage amount set out above; (ii) name the
Vendor as an additional insured; (iii) shall contain a waiver of subrogation in favor
of the Vendor, as well as contain cross-liability and severability of interest provisions;
and (iv) contain a provision that the insurance shall be primary and non-contributing
with any other insurance available to Vendor. The Purchaser shall forthwith provide the Vendor
with proof of such insurance prior to exercising such right of access of the Property.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 17

4.2.3 The Purchaser hereby indemnifies the Vendor
from and against all claims arising out of any act or omission by the Purchaser or its agents
or employees during and with respect to its exercise of such right of access and inspection.
The Purchaser agrees to forthwith repair in a good and competent manner any damage to the
Property arising from such access or inspection at its sole cost and expense. The provisions
of this Section 4.2.3 shall not merge on Closing or earlier termination of this Agreement
and shall remain in effect thereafter without limit.

Section 4.3 Due Diligence
Condition

4.3.1 The Purchasers obligation to complete
the purchase of the Purchased Assets pursuant to this Agreement is subject to and conditional
upon the Purchaser being satisfied, in its sole, absolute and unfettered discretion with
the results of all of its investigations, inspections, reviews, tests and audits relating
to the Purchased Assets (including with respect to its physical, environmental, structural,
contractual, financial, fiscal and legal review) and the transaction contemplated by this
Agreement, which the Purchaser deems necessary or desirable (the Due Diligence
Condition). The Purchaser shall advise the Vendor by way of a written notice sent
not later than 5:00 p.m., Montral time, on the Due Diligence Date, whether the Due
Diligence Condition has been satisfied or waived.

4.3.2 The Due Diligence Condition is for the sole
benefit of the Purchaser and may be unilaterally waived in writing in whole or in part by
the Purchaser at any time on or before the Due Diligence Date. In the event that the Purchaser
does not waive or confirm the satisfaction of the Due Diligence Condition by written notice
from the Purchaser to the Vendor on or before the Due Diligence Date, this Agreement shall
automatically terminate at 5:00 p.m. on the Due Diligence Date, the Purchaser and the Vendor
shall be released from all of their respective liabilities and obligations under this Agreement
other than the Purchasers liabilities and obligations pursuant to Section 4.2.3,
Section 4.3.3 and Section 4.5, and the Deposit shall be treated in accordance with the
provisions of Section 3.6.3.

4.3.3 In the event that the Purchaser does not
waive or confirm the satisfaction of the Due Diligence Condition on or before the Due Diligence
Date and if requested by the Vendor, the Purchaser agrees to promptly deliver to the Vendor
copies of all inspections, studies, tests, surveys or other reports conducted by the Purchaser
or prepared by the Purchasers mandataries, representatives, agents or consultants
for the Purchasers due diligence with respect to the Purchased Assets. The provisions
of this Section 4.3.3 shall not merge on Closing or earlier termination of this Agreement
and shall remain in effect thereafter without limit.

Section 4.4 Disclaimer

4.4.1 Except as specifically provided for in Section 7.1,
the Vendor and its agents make no representation or warranty of any nature whatsoever, as
to the accuracy or completeness or exhaustiveness of any information or document supplied
or made available to the Purchaser (or its mandataries, representatives, agents or consultants)
with respect to the transaction contemplated hereunder through the data room or otherwise,
as part of the Due Diligence Documents, in response to any information request made by the
Purchaser during its due diligence, prior to or after the Acceptance Date or the Closing
Date or otherwise. All third party reports delivered or made available to the Purchaser pursuant
to this Agreement (collectively, the Reports) will be provided to the
Purchaser on the basis that the Vendor is not making any representations or warranties as
to the accuracy or completeness of such Reports, and the Vendor shall not have any liability
for any errors or inaccuracies in the Reports. The Purchaser agrees that, notwithstanding
said information or documentation or Reports so provided or made available, except as specifically
provided for in Section 7.1 or in any Closing Document, the Purchaser is proceeding
and relying solely on its own due diligence review and verification of all aspects of said
transaction, including, without limitation, all issues concerning title, quality, legal description,
value, state of repair, latent defects, physical condition, environmental condition, presence
or absence of any and all Hazardous Substances in, on or under the Property or migrating
therefrom or thereon, financial matters, leases, offers to lease, contracts, zoning, permitted
uses, suitability for development, marketability, merchantability, fitness for purpose, governmental
compliance, compliance with laws, by-laws or regulations, third party rights, threatened
claims or litigation, or in respect of any other matter or thing whatsoever.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 18

4.4.2 The Purchaser shall have the right to seek
out and obtain reliance letters from the firms that prepared the Reports for the Vendor with
respect to the Property permitting the Purchaser to rely on such reports at the Purchasers
sole cost and expense. Upon request from the Purchaser, the Vendor shall assist Purchaser
in the obtaining of such reliance letters, provided that the Vendor shall have no responsibility
if the same cannot be obtained by the Purchaser.

4.4.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Vendor
shall deliver to the Purchaser, no later than sixty (60) days following the Closing, a copy
of all written reports documenting the Decommissioning Work and issued by consultants mandated
by the Vendor to carry out such Decommissioning Work, together with a reliance letter in
respect of each such report authorizing the Purchaser to rely thereon, in form and substance
acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably. This Section shall survive Closing.

Section 4.5 Confidentiality

4.5.1 Until Closing or in the event this Agreement
is terminated pursuant to the terms hereof, the Purchaser and its Representatives shall keep
in confidence all Confidential Information obtained from the Vendor or its Representatives
with respect to the Purchased Assets in connection with the review by the Purchaser of the
Purchased Assets. The Purchaser and its Representatives shall not use, directly or indirectly,
the Confidential Information except for the purpose of evaluating the transaction contemplated
herein and shall not disclose the Confidential Information to any Person, including any proposed
joint venturer, partner or other equity co-investor, without the prior written consent of
the Vendor.

4.5.2 Nothing herein contained shall restrict
or prohibit the Purchaser from disclosing the Confidential Information to its Representatives
(a) who need to know the Confidential Information for the purposes of evaluating the
transaction contemplated herein, (b) who are informed by the Purchaser of this Agreement
and of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and (c) who are directed
by the Purchaser to treat the Confidential Information in a manner consistent with the terms
of this Agreement. The Purchaser agrees to be responsible for any breach of the provisions
of this Agreement by any of its Representatives and agrees to indemnify the Vendor for any
such breach by the Purchasers Representatives.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 19

4.5.3 The Purchaser shall also be entitled to
(i) make inquiries of any Governmental Authority (without requesting any inspection of the
Property), and (ii) discuss with potential lenders the possible financing of the Purchasers
acquisition of the Property, provided such lenders are treated as Representatives hereunder,
without offending this Section 4.5.

4.5.4 In the event that the Purchaser or its Representatives
should be required, by law or regulation or by legal process, to disclose any Confidential
Information, it is agreed that the Purchaser shall provide the Vendor with prompt notice
of any such request, so that the Vendor may seek an appropriate protective order or other
remedy, or consult with the Purchaser with respect to taking steps to resist or narrow the
scope of such request or legal process and/or waive the Purchasers compliance with
the provisions of this Section 4.5. The Purchaser shall cooperate with the Vendor to
obtain any such order or remedy. It is further agreed that if, in the absence of a protective
order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder, the Purchaser is nonetheless, in the opinion
of outside counsel, compelled to disclose Confidential Information, or else face liability
for contempt or suffer other penalty, the Purchaser or its Representatives may disclose only
that portion of the Confidential Information which the Purchaser is advised, by opinion of
its outside counsel, is legally required, provided however that the Purchaser gives the Vendor
advance written notice of the Confidential Information to be disclosed as far in advance
of its disclosure as is practical and, at the Vendors request, seek to obtain assurances
that it will be granted confidential treatment.

4.5.5 Unless and until Closing has occurred, the
Vendor and the Purchaser shall keep confidential, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to ensure that its Representatives keep confidential, this Agreement, except (i) to the extent
reasonably required by each Party to comply with its obligations or enforce its rights under
this Agreement, (ii) as required by law, rule or regulation (including SEC regulations),
or (iii) in the case of the Purchaser, for disclosure of the existence of this Agreement
(but not its specific terms in condition) necessary in connection with its due diligence
process or in connection with any discussions with Governmental Authorities in respect of
the transaction contemplated hereby or the Purchasers proposed development project
on the Property.

4.5.6 For the purposes of this Section 4.5,
Confidential Information includes, without limitation (i) information
relating to the Vendor or any of its Affiliates in written form, magnetically encoded, electronic
files, transmitted verbally, through a virtual data room or in any other form or media and
regardless of the manner in which it is provided, which is in possession or under the control
of the Vendor or its Representatives; it includes, without limitation, all Notes, (ii) the
existence of this Agreement or its contents, or the fact that Confidential Information has
been made available to the Purchaser or its Representatives; and (iii) any information concerning
the transaction contemplated in this Agreement, or its terms and conditions or other facts
related thereto, including without limitation, the fact that discussions or negotiations
are taking place with respect thereto or the status thereof. Notes means
all summaries, reports, analyses, compilations, memoranda, notes, extracts, studies or other
writings or documents prepared by the Purchaser or its Representatives or on its behalf or
on behalf of any of its Representatives to the extent they contain, reflect or are based
upon or derived from the Confidential Information.

4.5.7 Representatives means,
with respect to a Party, such Partys Affiliates and their respective its directors,
officers, employees, shareholders, agents, advisors, partners, professional consultants,
potential lenders and financial and legal advisors retained for the purpose of the transaction
contemplated hereunder.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 20

4.5.8 The Confidential Information referred to
in this Section 4.5 shall not include:

(a) public information or information in the
public domain at the time of receipt by the Purchaser or its Representatives;

(b) information which becomes public through
no fault or act of the Purchaser or its Representatives; and

(c) as evidenced by written records, information
in the possession of the Purchaser not provided solely by the Vendor or its Representatives
from a source which is not bound by a confidentiality agreement or undertaking with the Vendor
and not otherwise prohibited by contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation from transmitting
the Confidential Information to the Purchaser.

4.5.9 Upon termination of this Agreement, (i)
the Purchaser shall promptly deliver to the Vendor the Confidential Information other than
the Notes, (ii) the Purchaser shall promptly destroy the Notes in a manner satisfactory to
the Vendor and certify such destruction in writing and (iii) the Purchaser and its Representatives
will immediately cease using access to any virtual data room set up by, or on behalf of,
the Vendor, as the case may be. Any Confidential Information that cannot be returned or destroyed
(including without limitation any oral Confidential Information) shall remain subject to
this Agreement.

4.5.10 The Purchaser acknowledges that the Vendor
may be irreparably harmed if any provision of this Section 4.5 is breached by the Purchaser
or its Representatives, that monetary damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any such
breach, and that in addition to all other remedies, the Vendor shall be entitled to seek
specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach.
The Purchaser further agrees to waive, and to cause its Representatives to waive, any requirement
for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy.

Section 4.6 Announcements

4.6.1 Both before and after the Acceptance Date
and the Closing Date, neither the Vendor nor the Purchaser shall issue any press release
or other public announcement or release information with respect to this Agreement to the
press or the public unless the same has been mutually approved by the Vendor and the Purchaser,
each acting reasonably, or such disclosure is in the good faith opinion of the Purchaser
or the Vendor, as the case may be, required in order to comply with any Applicable Laws or
the rules, orders or regulations of any stock exchange.

Article 5

Conditions Precedent

Section 5.1 Conditions for
Vendor

5.1.1 The obligation of the Vendor to complete
the agreement of purchase and sale constituted on the execution and delivery of this Agreement
shall be subject to the following conditions:

(a) Truth of Representation and Warranties.
On Closing, the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set out in Section 7.2
shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect
as if such representations and warranties had been made on and as of such date (except that
representations and warranties that are expressly made only as a specific date or as of the
date hereof in each case need be true and correct only as of such date);

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 21

(b) Performance of Covenants. On Closing,
the Purchaser shall have fulfilled or performed at the times contemplated herein or complied
in all material respects with all covenants contained in this Agreement to be fulfilled or
complied with by it at or prior to Closing, including, without limitation, the payment of
the Purchase Price in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.1 by no later than
December 30, 2024 (or earlier if Closing occurs before such date); and

(c) No Orders Delaying Closing. On
Closing, there shall be no order issued delaying, restricting or preventing, and no pending
or threatened Claim or judicial or administrative proceeding, or investigation against any
party by any Person, for the purpose of enjoining, delaying, restricting or preventing, the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein or otherwise claiming that this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein is improper or would give rise
to proceedings under any Applicable Laws.

5.1.2 The conditions set forth in this Section 5.1
are for the sole benefit of the Vendor and may be waived in whole or in part by the Vendor
by notice to the Purchaser on or before the applicable date referred to above, without prejudice
to its right to terminate this Agreement in the event of the non-satisfaction of any other
condition or conditions not so waived.

Section 5.2 Conditions for
Purchaser

5.2.1 The obligation of the Purchaser to complete
the agreement of purchase and sale constituted on the execution and delivery of this Agreement
shall be subject to the following conditions:

(a) Truth of Representation and Warranties.
On Closing, the representations and warranties of the Vendor set out in Section 7.1
shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect
as if such representations and warranties had been made on and as of such date (except that
representations and warranties that are expressly made only as a specific date or as of the
date hereof in each case need be true and correct only as of such date);

(b) Performance of Covenants. On Closing,
the Vendor shall have fulfilled or performed at the times contemplated herein or complied
in all material respects with all covenants contained in this Agreement to be fulfilled or
complied with by it at or prior to Closing;

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 22

(c) Due Diligence Condition. On the Due Diligence Date, the Due Diligence Condition shall have been
satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 4.3 and all conditions of Section 4.3 shall have been met;

(d) No Orders Delaying Closing. On Closing, there shall be no order issued delaying, restricting or
preventing, and no pending or threatened Claim or judicial or administrative proceeding, or investigation against any party by any Person,
for the purpose of enjoining, delaying, restricting or preventing, the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein or otherwise
claiming that this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein is improper or would give rise to proceedings
under any Applicable Laws;

(e) Encumbrances. On Closing, there shall have been no Encumbrances published against the Property
between the Acceptance Date and the Closing Date, other than Permitted Encumbrances; and

(f) Excluded Equipment and Decommissioning Work. All the Excluded Equipment shall have been removed
from the Property and all Decommissioning Work shall have been fully completed on or prior to Closing.

5.2.2 The conditions set forth in this Section 5.2 are for the sole benefit of the Purchaser and may be
waived in whole or in part by the Purchaser by notice to the Vendor on or before the applicable date referred to above, without prejudice
to its right to terminate this Agreement in the event of the non-satisfaction of any other condition or conditions not so waived.

Section 5.3 Non-Satisfaction
of Conditions

5.3.1 If any of the conditions set out in Section 5.1, are not satisfied or waived on or before the Closing
Date, as such Closing Date may be extended pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, the Vendor may by written notice to the
Purchaser elect one of the following:

(a) to extend the Closing Date as to such specific matters and for a period not to exceed thirty (30) days
to satisfy itself with respect to the above conditions, and, if not obtained prior to the expiration of such thirty (30) day extension,
to elect whether (b) or (c) below applies;

(b) to waive such conditions and to close the transaction in accordance with the terms of this Agreement on
the extended Closing Date; or

(c) to terminate this Agreement by notice in writing to the Purchaser given on or before the applicable date
for such condition, in which event this Agreement shall terminate, the Purchaser and the Vendor shall be released from all of their respective
liabilities and obligations under this Agreement other than the Purchasers liabilities and obligations pursuant to Section 4.2.3,
Section 4.3.3 and Section 4.5 and the Deposit shall be treated in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.6.3.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 23

5.3.2 If any of the conditions set out in Section 5.2, except for the conditions set out in Section 5.2.1(c),
are not satisfied or waived on or before the Closing Date, as such Closing Date may be extended pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement,
the Purchaser may by written notice to the Vendor elect one of the following:

(a) to extend the Closing Date as to such specific matters and for a period not to exceed thirty (30) days
to satisfy itself with respect to the above conditions, and, if not obtained prior to the expiration of such thirty (30) day extension,
to elect whether (b) or (c) below applies;

(b) to waive such conditions and to close the transaction in accordance with the terms of this Agreement on
the extended Closing Date; or

(c) to terminate this Agreement by notice in writing to the Vendor given on or before the Closing Date, in
which event this Agreement shall terminate, the Purchaser and the Vendor shall be released from all of their respective liabilities and
obligations under this Agreement other than the Purchasers liabilities and obligations pursuant to Section 4.2.3, Section
4.3.3 and Section 4.5 and the Deposit shall be treated in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.6.3.

Section 5.4 Reasonable and
Diligent Efforts to Satisfy Conditions

5.4.1 Each Party agrees to proceed in good faith and with promptness and reasonable diligence to attempt to
satisfy those conditions contained in Section 5.1 and Section 5.2 that are within its control, acting reasonably, provided that
the Purchaser may in its sole and unfettered discretion elect not to satisfy the conditions set out in Section 5.2.1(c).

5.4.2 The Purchaser and the Vendor shall proceed with diligence to settle all Closing Documents at least five
(5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date.

Article 6

Closing Documents

Section 6.1 Vendors
Closing Documents

6.1.1 On or before Closing, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Vendor shall execute or cause to
be executed and shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchasers Solicitors the following:

(a) a certificate of the corporate secretary or other officer of the Vendor enclosing a certified copy of
a resolution of the necessary governing authorities of the Vendor attesting to the due authorization of the transaction contemplated in
this Agreement;

(b) a deed of sale for the Property by the Vendor to the Purchaser conveying the Vendors rights, title
and interest therein, in the form attached hereto as Error! Reference source not found. and in registrable form at the Purchasers
sole cost and expense (the Deed of Sale);

(c) the Books and Records;

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 24

(d) a Bill of Sale from the Vendor to the Purchaser or as the Purchaser may direct, in each case conveying
such interest in the Movables as the Vendor may possess but without warranty;

(e) the Assignment of Warranties and copies of Warranties (to the extent the same is in the possession or
control of the Vendor);

(f) an acknowledgement of Adjustments made at Closing, attaching the statement of adjustments contemplated
by the provisions of Section 3.4 together with an undertaking by the Vendor to readjust the Post-Closing Adjustments as provided
in Section 3.3;

(g) a certificate of the Vendor certifying that the representations and warranties of the Vendor in Section 7.1
are, subject to Section 7.5, true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date;

(h) originals (where available) or copies of all Contracts (where the same is in the possession or control
of the Vendor) for the Property;

(i) a certificate from the Vendor setting out that the Vendor is not a non-resident of Canada
within the meaning and purpose of Section 116 of the Tax Act;

(j) all master keys and duplicate keys relating to the Buildings, all security cards and access cards relating
to the Buildings, and all combinations to vaults and combination locks located in the Buildings;

(k) copies of the Plans, to the extent the same are in the possession or control of the Vendor;

(l) a joint instruction to the Escrow Agent with respect to the disbursement of the Closing Escrow Funds as
required pursuant to the Escrow Agreement;

(m) the Assignment and Assumption of Permitted Encumbrances; and

(n) all other conveyances and other documents which the Purchaser has reasonably requested and the Vendor
has agreed, acting reasonably, to give on or before the Closing Date to give effect to the proper transfer, assignment and conveyance
of the Purchased Assets by the Vendor to the Purchaser.

Section 6.2 Purchasers
Closing Documents

6.2.1 On or before the Closing Date, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser shall
execute or cause to be executed and shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Escrow Agent the following:

(a) the Balance and the Holdback Amount;

(b) a certified copy of a resolution of the necessary governing authorities of the Purchaser attesting to
the due authorization of the transaction contemplated in this Agreement;

(c) the Deed of Sale;

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 25

(d) a Bill of Sale from the Vendor to the Purchaser or as the Purchaser may direct, in each case conveying
such interest in the Movables as the Vendor may possess but without warranty;

(e) the Assignment of Warranties;

(f) an acknowledgement of Adjustments made at Closing, attaching the statement of adjustments contemplated
by the provisions of Section 3.4 together with an undertaking by the Purchaser to readjust the Post-Closing Adjustments as provided
in Section 3.3;

(g) a certificate of the Purchaser certifying that the representations and warranties of the Purchaser in
Section 7.2 are true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date;

(h) a joint instruction to the Escrow Agent with respect to the disbursement of the Closing Escrow Funds as
required pursuant to the Escrow Agreement;

(i) the GST/QST Certificate and Indemnity;

(j) the Assignment and Assumption of Permitted Encumbrances; and

(k) all other documents which are required and which the Vendor or the Escrow Agent has reasonably requested
and the Purchaser has agreed, acting reasonably, to give on or before the Closing Date to give effect to this transaction.

Section 6.3 Transfer Taxes

6.3.1 The Purchaser shall pay all applicable GST, QST, mutation taxes, sales taxes, registration fees or other
like charges properly payable on or in connection with the conveyance, transfer and purchase and sale of the Purchased Assets hereunder
(collectively, the Transfer Taxes) as and when such Transfer Taxes are payable pursuant to the applicable taxing
legislation. The Purchaser and the Vendor acknowledge and agree that the Purchase Price and all other amounts referenced herein are exclusive
of all Transfer Taxes.

6.3.2 The Purchaser shall be responsible to pay the GST and the QST that are exigible with respect to the purchase
and sale transaction contemplated by this Agreement. Provided that the Purchaser delivers to the Vendor the certificate and indemnity
substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule E (the GST/QST Certificate and Indemnity) together with proof
of its GST and QST registration numbers on or before the Closing Date, the Vendor shall not charge and collect and the Purchaser shall
not be obliged to pay to the Vendor any GST and QST applicable to the purchase and sale of the Property at Closing, but will remain exclusively
liable for the said payment. The Purchaser hereby undertakes to self-assess and, if required, remit to the appropriate governmental authority
the GST or QST related to the Property. For the avoidance of doubt, the Purchaser shall be obligated to pay to the Vendor GST and QST
in respect of any portion of the Purchase Price allocated to the Purchased Assets other than the Property at Closing.

6.3.3 The Purchaser shall indemnify the Vendor for any Transfer Taxes, penalties, interest and/or other costs
which may become payable by or be assessed against the Vendor or any and all Claims incurred, suffered or sustained by the Vendor in connection
with Transfer Taxes payable on or in connection with the conveyance, transfer and purchase and sale of the Property.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 26

Section 6.4 Registration and
Other Costs

6.4.1 The Vendor and the Purchaser shall each be responsible for the costs of their own solicitors in respect
of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement. The Purchaser shall be responsible for and pay, in addition to the Purchase Price,
the fees of the executing notary, where applicable, all registration fees payable in respect of registration of any documents on or after
Closing.

Section 6.5 Documents

6.5.1 All documents to be delivered by the Parties hereunder shall be in form and substance satisfactory to
the Parties and their respective solicitors, in each case acting reasonably, provided that none of such documents shall contain covenants,
representations or warranties which are in addition to or more onerous upon the Vendor or the Purchaser than those expressly set forth
in this Agreement, or which are inconsistent or in conflict with Article 7.

Article 7

Representations, Warranties and Covenants

Section 7.1 Vendors
Representations

7.1.1 The Vendor hereby represents and warrants to and in favour of the Purchaser that, as of the Acceptance
Date:

(a) Incorporation, Power and Capacity of Vendor. The Vendor is a corporation duly existing under the
laws of its formation and has the necessary corporate authority, power and capacity to own the Purchased Assets which it owns and to enter
into this Agreement and the documents and transactions contemplated herein and to carry out the agreement of purchase and sale constituted
on the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the documents and transactions contemplated herein on the terms and conditions herein
contained;

(b) Corporate Authorization. The execution and delivery of, and the performance by the Vendor of, this
Agreement and the Closing Documents to which it is a party and the completion of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement has been
or, in the case of the Closing Documents, will be at Closing, duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Vendor
and constitute or, in the case of the Closing Documents, will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Vendor enforceable
against it in accordance with their respective terms subject to (A) bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization and other laws
relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (B) the fact that equitable remedies, including
the remedies of specific performance and injunction, may only be granted in the discretion of a court;

(c) Non-Resident Status. The Vendor is not a non-resident of Canada within the meaning of Section 116
of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and Section 1102.1 of the Taxation Act (Quebec), or, as applicable, is a Canadian
Partnership within the meaning of the said Acts, and the Vendor will receive the Purchase Price on Closing on its own account and
not as agent, trustee, nominee or mandatary for any other Person;

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 27

(d) No Conflict. The execution and delivery of and performance by the Vendor of this Agreement and
the Closing Documents to which it is a party will not (with or without notice or lapse of time):

(i) constitute or result in a violation or breach of, or conflict with, any of the terms or provisions of
the constating documents or by-laws of the Vendor; or

(ii) result in the violation of any Applicable Laws;

(e) Bankruptcy, The Vendor (a) is not an insolvent person within the meaning of the Bankruptcy and
Insolvency Act (Canada) or the Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada), (b) has not made an assignment in favor of its creditors
or a proposal in bankruptcy to its creditors or any class thereof, (c) has not had any petition for a receiving order presented in respect
of it, and (d) has not initiated proceedings with respect to a compromise or arrangement with its creditors or for its winding up, liquidation
or dissolution;

(f) No Nominee. The Vendor holds its rights, title and interest in and to the Purchased Assets for
its own account, and not as mandatary, nominee, prte-nom, agent or registered title holder for any Person;

(g) Required Authorizations of Governmental Authorities. There is no requirement to make any filing
with, give any notice to, or obtain any Permit, authorization, consent or permit of, any Governmental Authority as a condition to the
lawful completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Closing Documents;

(h) Tax Appeals. There are no realty tax appeals or reassessments pending with respect to the Property,
or any portion thereof;

(i) Employees. There are no employees employed by the Vendor who will become the responsibility of
the Purchaser on or as a result of the Closing, or for whom Purchaser will incur any liabilities whatsoever, on or as a result of the
Closing;

(j) Permits. There are no Permits issued in the name of the Vendor relating to the operation of the
Property which remain in effect.

(k) No Options, etc. to Purchased Assets. Except for the Purchaser under this Agreement, no Person
has any written or oral agreement, present or future, contingent or absolute, option, understanding or commitment, or any right (including
a right of first refusal or other purchase right) or privilege capable of becoming such for the purchase or other acquisition of any of
the Purchased Assets;

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 28

(l) GST and QST. The Vendor is or shall be, at Closing, validly registered under Subdivision d of Division
V of Part IX of the Excise Tax Act (Canada) for the purposes of GST and under Division I of Chapter VIII of Title I of the Act
respecting the Quebec Sales Tax for the purposes of QST;

(m) No Rights of Occupancy. There are no leases, licenses, agreements or options to lease or other
tenancy agreements with respect to the Property which are currently in effect, and at Closing there will be no leases, licenses, agreements
or options to lease or other tenancy agreements with respect to the Property which are in effect;

(n) No Notice of Expropriation. No part of the Property has been expropriated by any Governmental Authority
and the Vendor has not received any written notice or proceeding in respect of any expropriation of the Property or any part thereof;

(o) No Notice of Non-Compliance. No written notice has been received by the Vendor which remains outstanding
from any governmental or quasi-governmental authority advising of any defects in the construction of any building on the Property or any
installations therein, or relating to any work order, deficiency or non-compliance with any building restrictions, zoning by-laws, fire
codes, environmental legislation, other regulations or applicable laws in respect of the Property;

(p) No Legal Hypothec. As at Closing, no Person will have a right to claim or file a construction,
builders, mechanics or similar lien against the Purchased Assets or to register or publish a legal hypothec against the Property or any
part thereof under the Civil Code of Quebec (the Vendor nevertheless acknowledging that if any such lien is claimed or filed, the Vendor
shall be responsible at its sole expense for removing or vacating same). Any amount owed to any Person involved in the Decommissioning
Work that has been invoiced to the Vendor has been fully paid by the Vendor.

(q) Real Estate Taxes. All real property taxes due and owing to date with respect to the Property have
been paid in full without subrogation;

(r) No Litigation. There is no litigation or proceeding, including appeals and applications for review,
in progress, against or relating to it, or affecting the Purchased Assets before any domestic court, governmental department, commission,
board, bureau or agency, or arbitration panel, and there is not presently outstanding against it or the Purchased Assets any judgement,
decree, injunction, rule or order of any court, governmental department, commission, agency or arbitrator which adversely affects the
Purchased Assets. Any litigation or proceeding involving the Vendor and 9510-8528 Qubec Inc. and/or 9506-6213 Qubec Inc.
which has not been settled by such parties does not affect the Purchased Assets in any manner;

(s) Environmental Reports. The Vendor has or will have provided the Purchaser with all environmental
audits and reports with respect to the Property in its possession or control and the Vendor has not received written notice of any Claims
or any administrative or judicial judgments, orders or decrees that relate to violations of Environmental Laws with respect to the Property
or any part thereof or to the release, discharge, emission or disposal of Hazardous Substances on, to, from or under the Property;

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 29

(t) Certificate of Location. Since the acquisition of the Property by the Vendor on October 29, 2021,
no new improvements have been made by the Vendor on the Lands and no external alterations or additions to the Buildings have been made
by the Vendor, that would have been reflected in an up-to-date certificate of location prepared and issued by a land surveyor duly licensed
in the Province of Qubec.

(u) Mutation Duties. Since March 16, 2016, there has been no transfer of any beneficial rights of ownership
in and to the Property by the Vendor, by way of an off-title transfer or otherwise for which both (a) a disclosure notice has not been
delivered to the appropriate municipality and (b) transfer duties (mutation taxes) have not been paid;

(v) OFAC. The Vendor and Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. are currently (a) in compliance with
and shall at all times during the term of this Agreement remain in compliance with the regulations of the OFAC and the OFAC Rules, (b)
not listed on, and shall not during the term of this Agreement be listed on, the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List,
Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or the Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List, which are all maintained by OFAC and/or on any other similar
list maintained by OFAC or other governmental authority pursuant to any authorizing statute, executive order, or regulation, and (c) not
a person or entity with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from conducting business under the OFAC Rules; and

(w) AML Legislation. The Vendor is not in violation of any AML Legislation, is neither a Listed Designated
Person nor is acting, directly or indirectly, on behalf of terrorists, terrorist organizations, narcotics traffickers or Listed Designated
Persons, and the monies used in connection with this Agreement and amounts committed with respect thereto, were not and are not derived
from any activities that contravene any applicable AML Legislation.

(x) No Commissions. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Vendor has not incurred any
liability to any real estate agent for fees and commissions in respect of the sale of the Purchased Assets to the Purchaser.

7.1.2 In the event that any of the above representations and warranties ceases to be true and correct, the Vendor
agrees to advise the Purchaser forthwith. The foregoing representations and warranties are for the sole benefit of the Purchaser and may
be waived by the Purchaser at any time in whole or in part.

7.1.3 For the foregoing purposes of this Section 7.1, to the best of the Vendors knowledge
and belief or similar words means the actual knowledge of the following Representative of the Vendor: Eddie Rose.

7.1.4 All of the representations and warranties set out in this Section 7.1 are made solely as of the Acceptance
Date and not as of any other date. The representations and warranties set out in this Section 7.1 shall be repeated as at the Closing
Date, to be true and correct in all material respects as of such Closing Date, in the bring down certificates referred to in Section 6.1.1(g)
(unless this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof).

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 30

Section 7.2 Purchasers
Representations

7.2.1 The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to and in favour of the Vendor that, as of the Acceptance
Date:

(a) Formation, Power and Capacity of Purchaser. The Purchaser is a limited partnership duly existing
under the laws of its formation and the General Partner, its sole general partner, has the necessary corporate authority, power and capacity
to purchase and own the Purchased Assets for and on behalf of the Purchaser to be sold to it and to enter into this Agreement and the
documents and transactions contemplated herein and to carry out the agreement of purchase and sale constituted on the execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the documents and transactions contemplated herein on the terms and conditions herein contained;

(b) Corporate Authorization. The execution and delivery of, and the performance by the General Partner
on behalf of the Purchaser of, this Agreement and the Closing Documents to which it is a party and the completion of the transaction contemplated
by this Agreement has been or, in the case of the Closing Documents, will be at Closing, duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
on the part of the General Partner on behalf of the Purchaser and constitute or, in the case of the Closing Documents, will constitute
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Purchaser enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms subject to (A)
bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization and other laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
generally, and (B) the fact that equitable remedies, including the remedies of specific performance and injunction, may only be granted
in the discretion of a court;

(c) No Conflict. The execution and delivery of and performance by the General Partner on behalf of
the Purchaser of this Agreement and the Closing Documents to which it is a party will not (with or without notice or lapse of time):

(i) constitute or result in a violation or breach of, or conflict with, any of the terms or provisions of
the constating documents or by-laws of the Purchaser or the General Partner, as applicable;

(ii) result in the violation of any Applicable Laws;

(d) Bankruptcy, The Purchaser (a) is not an insolvent person within the meaning of the Bankruptcy
and Insolvency Act (Canada) or the Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada), (b) has not made an assignment in favor of its
creditors or a proposal in bankruptcy to its creditors or any class thereof, (c) has not had any petition for a receiving order presented
in respect of it, and (d) has not initiated proceedings with respect to a compromise or arrangement with its creditors or for its winding
up, liquidation or dissolution;

(e) Required Authorizations of Governmental Authorities. There is no requirement to make any filing
with, give any notice to, or obtain any authorization, consent or permit of, any Governmental Authority as a condition to the lawful completion
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Closing Documents;

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 31

(f) GST and QST. The Purchaser shall be, at Closing, validly registered under Subdivision d of Division
V of Part IX of the Excise Tax Act (Canada) for the purposes of GST and under Division I of Chapter VIII of Title I of the Act
respecting the Quebec Sales Tax for the purposes of QST;

(g) Residency. The Purchaser is a WTO Investor and is not a state-owned enterprise, in
each case within the meaning of the Investment Canada Act (Canada);

(h) OFAC. The Purchaser and all beneficial owners of the Purchaser are currently (a) in compliance
with and shall at all times during the term of this Agreement remain in compliance with the regulations of the Office of Foreign Assets
Control (OFAC) of the U.S. Department of Treasury and any statute, executive order, or regulation relating thereto
(collectively, the OFAC Rules), (b) not listed on, and shall not during the term of this Agreement be listed on,
the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or the Sectoral Sanctions Identifications
List, which are all maintained by OFAC and/or on any other similar list maintained by OFAC or other governmental authority pursuant to
any authorizing statute, executive order, or regulation, and (c) not a person or entity with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from conducting
business under the OFAC Rules;

(i) No Commissions. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Purchaser has not incurred
any liability to any real estate agent for fees and commissions in respect of the sale of the Purchased Assets to the Purchaser;

(j) AML Legislation. The Purchaser is not in violation of any AML Legislation, is neither a Listed
Designated Person nor is acting, directly or indirectly, on behalf of terrorists, terrorist organizations, narcotics traffickers or Listed
Designated Persons, and the monies used in connection with this Agreement and amounts committed with respect thereto, were not and are
not derived from any activities that contravene any applicable AML Legislation; and

(k) Financial Resources. The Purchaser has the requisite financial resources to complete the Transaction
and pay the Purchase Price, the Purchaser declaring and accepting that the Transaction is in no way subject to financing.

7.2.2 The foregoing representations and warranties are for the sole benefit of the Vendor and may be waived
by the Vendor at any time in whole or in part.

7.2.3 All of the representations and warranties set out in this Section 7.2 are made solely as of the Acceptance
Date and not as of any other date. The representations and warranties set out in this Section 7.2 shall be repeated as at the Closing
Date, to be true and correct in all respects as of such Closing Date, in the bring down certificates referred to in Section 6.2.1(g)
(unless this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof).

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 32

Section 7.3 Survival of Representations

7.3.1 The representations and warranties of the Vendor and the Purchaser contained in this Agreement or contained
in any document or certificate given pursuant hereto shall survive the Closing of the transaction herein contemplated and shall continue
in full force and effect for the benefit of the respective Parties for twelve (12) months from the day of Closing (Release Date),
following which date none of the Parties may bring an action or commence any claim for a breach of such representations or warranties;
provided, however, that: there shall be no termination of any representation or warranty with respect to which a bona fide claim has been
asserted if the Party making the said claim has notified in writing the other Party hereto of such claim in reasonable detail on or prior
to the Release Date.

7.3.2 Until the Release Date, and, if applicable, payment or disposition in a final non-appealable judgment
by a court of competent jurisdiction of all Claims made by the Purchaser under this Agreement, the Vendor shall remain in existence and
in good standing in its jurisdiction of incorporation, and shall maintain a liquid net worth in an amount equal to or greater than the
Cap (the Existence and Net Worth Covenant). The Vendor shall provide reasonable evidence of its satisfaction of the
Existence and Net Worth Covenant within fifteen (15) days after written request therefor from the Purchaser at any time prior to the Release
Date (provided the Vendor shall not be required to deliver such evidence more than one (1) time). This Section 7.3.2 shall survive Closing.

Section 7.4 As is, Where is

7.4.1 The Purchaser acknowledges that, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, there are no agreements,
representations, promises, warranties, guarantees or conditions of any kind whatsoever, statutory or otherwise, express or implied, with
respect to the Purchased Assets, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any representations, warranties or conditions,
either express or implied, as to title, quality, legal description, value, state of repair, latent defects, physical condition, environmental
condition, presence or absence of any and all Hazardous Substances in, on or under the Property or migrating therefrom or thereon, financial
matters, leases, offers to lease, contracts, zoning, permitted uses, suitability for development, marketability, merchantability, fitness
for purpose, governmental compliance, compliance with laws, by-laws or regulations, third party rights, threatened claims or litigation,
or in respect of any other matter or thing whatsoever, and the Vendor specifically negates and disclaims the same. The Purchaser further
acknowledges that it is executing this Agreement on the basis that, as purchaser, it has relied and will continue to rely entirely and
solely on:

(a) the representations and warranties of the Vendor set out in Section 7.1; and

(b) its own inspections and investigations of the Purchased Assets.

7.4.2 In accordance with and subject to the foregoing and for greater certainty, the Purchaser agrees that the
Purchased Assets will be sold by the Vendor at Closing, but after the Purchaser has conducted its due diligence, without legal or conventional
warranty of quality or ownership on an as is, where is basis, at the Purchasers risk and peril, and that the Vendor
is not a professional seller within the meaning of the Civil Code of Qubec.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 33

Section 7.5 Disclosure of Information

7.5.1 If the Vendor or the Purchaser has actual knowledge or information prior to Closing of matters then existing
which, in the opinion of the Vendor or the Purchaser, as the case may be, acting reasonably, materially affects the accuracy of the representations
and warranties of the Vendor or the contents of any certificates of the Vendor to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof, then the
Vendor or the Purchaser, as the case may be, shall immediately communicate such information to the other(s) by way of a notice specifically
referring to the representation and warranty or certificate. If the Vendor delivers or the Purchaser delivers such notice regarding such
knowledge or information on or prior to the Due Diligence Date and the Purchaser nonetheless delivers a notice to the effect that its
Due Diligence Condition has been satisfied or waived, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, the transaction herein
contemplated shall be completed, provided that the certificate of the Vendor to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1.1(g) shall reflect
such knowledge or information and the Purchaser shall be deemed to have waived any and all Claims for damages or Breach relating to any
such inaccuracy in any such representation and warranty.

7.5.2 If the Purchaser elects to deliver a notice to the effect that its Due Diligence Condition has been satisfied
or waived, then the Purchaser shall be deemed to have accepted for all purposes all matters which have been disclosed to the Purchaser
prior to the Due Diligence Date and if any representation or warranty of the Vendor is incorrect or inaccurate but the instrument, circumstance,
action, omission, matter or issue which causes such representation or warranty to be incorrect or inaccurate has been disclosed to the
Purchaser (in the Due Diligence Documents, through the data room or by email) by the Vendor or its representatives prior to the Due Diligence
Date, then such representation and warranty and the certificate of the Vendor to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1.1(g) shall
be deemed to have been qualified by reference to such instrument, circumstance, matter or issue.

7.5.3 If the Vendor delivers or the Purchaser delivers the notice referred to in Section 7.5.1 after the
Due Diligence Date and before Closing, or if the Purchaser obtains such knowledge or information on or after the Due Diligence Date and
before Closing and if the information revealed by such knowledge or information is such that the closing condition set out in Section 5.2.1(a)
would not be met, the Purchaser shall provide notice to the Vendor forthwith upon receiving such notice or obtaining such knowledge or
information as to whether it wishes to complete the transaction notwithstanding such knowledge or information.

(a) If the Purchaser advises in its notice that it wishes to complete the transaction, then, subject to the
other terms and conditions of this Agreement, the transaction shall be completed without prejudice to the Purchasers rights in
law or in equity, provided that the certificate of the Vendor to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1.1(g) shall reflect such knowledge
or information.

(b) If the Purchaser advises in its notice that it does not wish to complete the transaction, the Vendor shall
have, at its option, by notice to the Purchaser to be given within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the notice from the Purchaser
referred to above, an additional fifteen (15) days to take whatever steps are necessary to satisfy the Purchaser in respect of the subject
matter in question, and in such case the Closing Date shall be automatically extended for fifteen (15) days. If the Vendor does not provide
such notice, or if it is not able to so satisfy the Purchaser within such fifteen (15) day period, then this Agreement shall terminate,
the Purchaser and the Vendor shall be released from all of their respective liabilities and obligations under this Agreement other than
the Purchasers liabilities and obligations pursuant to Section 4.2.3, Section 4.3.3 and Section 4.5 and the Deposit shall
be treated in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.6.3, unless the Purchaser elects to rescind its notice and to complete
the transaction notwithstanding such knowledge or information, in which case, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement,
the transaction shall be completed without prejudice to the Purchasers rights in law or in equity, provided that the certificate
of the Vendor to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1.1(g) shall reflect such knowledge or information.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 34

Section 7.6 Indemnification
for Claims relating to the Purchased Assets

7.6.1 Provided Closing occurs, the Purchaser shall hold harmless and indemnify the Vendor in respect of all
Claims: (i) in any way relating to the Assumed Liabilities that relate to the period from and after the Closing Date; or (ii) resulting
from a Breach by the Purchaser where a Claim in respect of such Breach is made in accordance with the terms of this Section 7.6.

7.6.2 The Vendor shall hold harmless and indemnify the Purchaser in respect of all Claims: (i) in any way
relating to the Excluded Assets or the Excluded Liabilities; or (ii) resulting from a Breach by the Vendor where a Claim in respect of
such Breach is made in accordance with this Section 7.6.

7.6.3 The claiming Party shall give written notice to the other Party of each Breach, together with such details
thereof as are then in its possession, promptly.

7.6.4 Notwithstanding Section 7.6.2, the Vendor shall be liable for Claims arising out of a Breach of its
representations and warranties set out in this Agreement or in any Closing Document only if the aggregate of all Claims made by the Purchaser
in connection with Breaches of representations and warranties by the Vendor equals FIFTY THOUSAND dollars ($50,000.00) or more in the
aggregate (such minimum amount being referred to as the Basket), it being understood that: (a) if the Basket
in Claims for Breaches of representations and warranties is not reached by the Release Date, the Purchaser shall have no rights after
such date to pursue any Claims; (b) if the Basket in Claims for Breaches of representations and warranties is reached prior to the
Release Date, the Purchaser shall be entitled to pursue and recover the full amount of such Claims (and not only the portion thereof in
excess of the Basket), and (c) the Basket shall not apply to any Claims pursuant to Section 7.7.

7.6.5 In all cases, the liability of the Vendor for Claims arising out of Breaches of its covenants, representations
and warranties set out in this Agreement or in any Closing Document (other than any Claims pursuant to Section 7.7) shall not exceed
an aggregate maximum amount of FIVE MILLION TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND dollars ($5,025,000.00), provided however, that the foregoing limitation
shall not apply to any Breach caused by gross or intentional fault, wilful misconduct or fraud (such aggregate maximum amount being referred
to as the Cap).

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 35

Section 7.7 Excluded
Equipment and Decommissioning Work Indemnity

7.7.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Vendor shall hold harmless and indemnify the
Purchaser in respect of all Claims (including, without limitation, costs for remediation, restoration, clean-up, treatment, monitoring,
containment and removal relating in any way to Hazardous Substances and other any corrective measures relating to the Property, including
testing costs in connection with the performance of such work, but excluding costs for investigations prior to the identification of the
Claims) in any way relating to (A) the Excluded Equipment and any work conducted to remove the Excluded Equipment from the Property, or
(B) the Decommissioning Work; the whole to the extent that (i) such Claims result directly from items (A) and (B) as evidenced by
a qualified environmental expert, and (ii) being understood that the Vendors indemnification obligation under this Section 7.7
shall be limited to the presence of Hazardous Substances exceeding, for the soil, applicable standards for commercial and/or industrial
use and, for the groundwater, the criteria for resurgence into surface water (rsurgence dans leau de surface), in each case as
set forth in the Guide dintervention Protection des sols et rhabilitation des terrains contamins published
by the Qubec Ministry of the Environment, Fight against Climate Change, Wildlife and Parks (Ministre de lEnvironnement,
de la Lutte contre les changements climatiques, de la Faune et des Parcs), as amended, modified, replaced or supplemented from time to
time.

7.7.2 If the Purchaser makes a Claim under Section 7.7.1, the provisions of this Section 7.7.2 shall apply.
The Purchaser shall give written notice to the Vendor of such Claim, together with such details thereof as are then in its possession.
Following receipt of such notice, the Vendor shall have thirty (30) days to make such investigation of the Claim as is considered necessary
or desirable. For the purpose of such investigation, the Purchaser shall make available to the Vendor the information relied upon by the
Purchaser to substantiate such Claim. The Vendor reserves the right to retain a third-party professional environmental advisor to evaluate
any such Claim from the Purchaser. If the Vendor does not object to such Claim within the said thirty (30)-day period (or any mutually
agreed upon extension thereof) to the validity and amount of such Claim, the Vendor shall promptly pay to the Purchaser the full agreed-upon
amount of the Claim.

7.7.3 If the Vendor wishes to object to such Claim within the said thirty (30)-day period (or any mutually agreed
upon extension thereof), then the Vendor shall notify Purchaser in writing by sending a notice of objection including the information
relied upon by the Vendor to substantiate such objection and the Vendor shall make available to the Purchaser all such other information
and assistance as the Purchaser or its professional advisors may reasonably request. The Purchaser reserves the right to retain a third-party
professional environmental advisor to evaluate any such objection from the Vendor. If both parties agree in writing within thirty (30)
days following delivery by the Vendor of such objection (the Objection Period) (or any mutually agreed upon extension
thereof) to the validity and amount of such Claim (or mutually agreed upon modification of such Claim), the Vendor shall promptly pay
to the Purchaser the full agreed-upon amount of the Claim.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 36

7.7.4 If the Purchaser and the Vendor are unable to resolve all of their disagreements with respect to such
Claim within the Objection Period (or any mutually agreed upon extension thereof), then they shall refer their remaining differences to
a mutually agreeable independent environmental expert of national recognition in Canada and Quebec acceptable to both the Purchaser and
the Vendor to endeavor to resolve the dispute (such expert being referred to as the Environmental Expert), who shall,
acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator, issue an advisory determination as to the matters so submitted, taking into consideration
applicable Environmental Laws and this Agreement, provided that, if the parties, acting reasonably, cannot agree on an Environmental Expert
within thirty (30) days following the expiry of the Objection Period, then the matter shall be referred to a court of competition jurisdiction.
The procedure and schedule under which any dispute shall be submitted to the Environmental Expert shall be as follows:

(a) Within sixty (60) days after the engagement of the Environmental Expert, the Purchaser and the Vendor
shall each deliver any unresolved elements of the Vendors objection to the Environmental Expert in writing (with a copy to the
other party), supported by any documents and/or affidavits upon which such party relies.

(b) Within sixty (60) days following the submission of the unresolved elements as specified in sub-clause
(i) above, the Purchaser and the Vendor shall each submit their respective responses to the Environmental Expert in writing (with a copy
to the other party), supported by any documents and/or affidavits upon which such party relies.

(c) The Environmental Expert shall deliver its written determination to the Vendor and the Purchaser no later
than the sixtieth (60th) day following the submission of the responses specified in sub-clause (b) above, or such longer period of time
as the Environmental Expert determines is reasonably necessary with the consent of the Purchaser and the Vendor, provided that such extended
period shall be no longer than an additional fifteen (15) days, failing which such matter shall be referred to a court of competent jurisdiction.

7.7.5 If the Purchaser and the Vendor are unable to resolve their disagreements with respect to the unresolved
elements of the Vendors objection within thirty (30) days following the written determination referred to in sub-clause (c) above
(or any mutually agreed upon extension thereof), the matter shall be referred to a court of competent jurisdiction. If both parties agree
in writing within thirty (30) days following the written determination referred to in sub-clause (c) period (or any mutually agreed upon
extension thereof) to the validity and amount of such Claim (or mutually agreed upon modification of such Claim), the Vendor shall promptly
pay to the Purchaser the full agreed-upon amount of the Claim. The Environmental Experts determination shall be advisory in nature
and shall be without prejudice, privileged and confidential and the parties hereby agree that such determination shall not be admissible
in any court proceeding with respect to this Agreement. The Vendor and the Purchaser shall make readily available to the Environmental
Expert all relevant books and records and any work papers relating to the matters submitted to the Environmental Expert and all other
items reasonably required by the Environmental Expert. The Purchaser and the Vendor shall each bear the fees of their respective counsel
and other representatives incurred in connection with the determination of the Claims referenced in this Section 7.7. Any expenses
relating to the engagement of the Environmental Expert shall be allocated equally between the Purchaser and the Vendor.

7.7.6 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the indemnity set out in Section 7.7 shall
survive the Closing of the transaction herein contemplated and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Purchaser
for six (6) months from the day of Closing (Indemnity Release Date); provided, however, that there shall be no termination
of such indemnity if a bona fide claim has been asserted if the Purchaser has notified in writing the Vendor of such claim as contemplated
in Section 7.7.2 above on or prior to the Indemnity Release Date.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 37

7.7.7 The liability of the Vendor for Claims arising out of the indemnity set out in Section 7.7 shall
not exceed an aggregate maximum amount of TWO MILLION DOLLARS ($2,000,000.00), provided however, that the foregoing limitation shall not
apply to any Claim caused by gross or intentional fault, wilful misconduct or fraud.

7.7.8 To the extent any Claims by the Purchaser require payment of amounts by the Vendor on the indemnity contained
in Section 7.7, then the Purchaser shall be entitled to indemnification: (i) first from the Holdback Amount; and (ii) if and to the
extent that the Holdback Amount has been exhausted or disbursed pursuant to Section 7.7, from the Vendor.

Section 7.8 Third Party Claims

7.8.1 In the case of a Claim originating from a Person other than a Party hereto or an Affiliate thereof (a Third
Party Claim), the Party seeking indemnification hereunder in respect thereof (the Indemnified Party)
shall give written notice to the Party from whom indemnification is sought (the Indemnifying Party) of any such
Third Party Claim forthwith after receiving notice thereof. If the Indemnified Party fails to give such written notice to the Indemnifying
Party, such failure shall not preclude the Indemnified Party from demanding indemnification from the Indemnifying Party, but its right
to indemnification may be reduced to the extent that such delay prejudiced the defence of the Third Party Claim or increased the amount
of liability or the cost of the defence.

7.8.2 The Indemnifying Party shall have the right, by written notice to the Indemnified Party given not later
than thirty (30) days after receipt of the notice referred to in Section 7.8.1, to assume the control of the defence, compromise
or settlement of the Third Party Claim.

7.8.3 Upon the assumption of control of any Third Party Claim by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party
shall diligently proceed with the defence, compromise or settlement of the Third Party Claim at its sole expense, including, if necessary,
employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and, in connection therewith, the Indemnified Party shall co-operate
fully (but at the expense of the Indemnifying Party with respect to any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Indemnified
Party) to make available to the Indemnifying Party all pertinent information and witnesses under the Indemnified Partys control,
make such assignments and take such other steps as in the opinion of counsel for the Indemnifying Party, acting reasonably, are reasonably
necessary to enable the Indemnifying Party to conduct such defence. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the negotiation,
settlement or defence of any Third Party Claim at its own expense. Moreover, if the Indemnifying Party assumes control of a Third Party
Claim, the Indemnified Party shall not pay, or permit to be paid, any part of the Third Party Claim unless the Indemnifying Party consents
in writing to such payment or unless the Indemnifying Party, subject to the last sentence of Section 7.8.4, withdraws from the defence
of such Third Party Claim or unless a final judgement from which no appeal may be taken by or on behalf of the Indemnifying Party is entered
against the Indemnified Party in respect of such Third Party Claim.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 38

7.8.4 If the Indemnifying Party fails to give written notice to the Indemnified Party as contemplated by Section 7.8.2,
the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to make such settlement of the Third Party Claim, or otherwise deal therewith, as it deems appropriate,
acting reasonably, and such settlement or any other final determination of the claim or demand shall be binding upon the Indemnifying
Party. If the Indemnifying Party fails to defend or, if after commencing or undertaking such defence, fails to prosecute or withdraws
from such defence, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to undertake the defence or settlement thereof. If the Indemnified Party
assumes the defence of any Third Party Claim and proposes to settle it prior to a final judgement thereon or to forego any appeal with
respect thereto, then the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party prompt written notice thereof, and the Indemnifying Party
shall have the right, acting diligently, to participate in the settlement or assume or reassume the defence of such Third Party Claim.

Article 8

Operation until Closing

Section 8.1 Operation Before
Closing

8.1.1 From the Acceptance Date until Closing, the Vendor shall operate the Property in substantially the same
manner as it has prior to the date hereof and, in any event, in accordance with standard business and management practices as would a
prudent owner of comparable properties. The Vendor shall keep and maintain any insurance currently on the Property, if any, and no change
shall be made to such insurance, nor will such insurance be terminated or allowed to expire.

8.1.2 The Vendor covenants and agrees with the Purchaser that if a work order, deficiency notice or other directive
from a Governmental Authority is received after the Due Diligence Date of any defect or deficiency in the construction, state of repair
or state of completion of the Property or ordering or directing that any alteration, repair, improvement or other work to be done or relating
to any non-compliance, or failure to complete an inspection pertaining to any building permit, building or land use by-law, ordinance
or regulation (in each case, a Work Order), a copy of such notice shall be delivered to the Purchaser and the Vendor
shall comply with same prior to Closing at its expense and deliver evidence of such compliance to the Purchaser.

8.1.3 Notwithstanding Section 8.1.1, the Vendor shall not make any capital improvements to the Property
from and after the date hereof other than (i) in the case of an emergency or (ii) in respect of the capital projects disclosed
to the Purchaser in the Due Diligence Documents, without the prior written approval of the Purchaser, which approval will not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.

Section 8.2 Damage Before Closing

8.2.1 The interest of the Vendor in and to the Buildings being purchased, acquired and assumed by the Purchaser
pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be at the risk of the Vendor until Closing. It is agreed, for greater certainty,
that the Vendor shall not cause or consent to the demolition or alteration of any of the Buildings.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 39

8.2.2 If any material physical loss or damage occurs before Closing to any of the Buildings, the amount or cost
of which is in excess of ONE MILLION SIX HUNDRED SEVENTY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,675,000.00) (such loss or damage to be determined by
the Vendors arms length, independent architect, engineer or other qualified expert), the Purchaser, within ten (10) days
after disclosure to the Purchaser by the Vendor of the loss or damage and the extent thereof, at its option, shall by notice in writing
to the Vendor elect either (i) to complete the purchase of the Property, in which event the Purchaser shall be entitled to all proceeds
of insurance, if any, and shall assume any deductibles in respect of the loss or damage and the Vendor shall pay or give a credit to the
Purchaser for any deductibles in respect of such loss or damage, or (ii) not to complete the purchase of the Property, in which event
this Agreement shall terminate, the Purchaser and the Vendor shall be released from all of their respective liabilities and obligations
under this Agreement other than the Purchasers liabilities and obligations pursuant to Section 4.2.3, Section 4.3.3 and
Section 4.5 and the Deposit shall be treated in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.6.3. If the Purchaser does not provide
the Vendor with notice of its election prior to the expiry of said ten (10) day delay, then the Purchaser shall be deemed to have elected
not to complete the purchase of the Property and the other Purchased Assets in accordance with the above. If any loss or damage to the
Buildings occurs within ten (10) days prior to Closing, the Closing Date will be extended by a period sufficient for the foregoing election
to be made by the Purchaser in the manner and within the time therefor as aforesaid.

8.2.3 If any loss or damage to the Buildings occurs, the amount or cost of which is less than ONE MILLION SIX
HUNDRED SEVENTY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,675,000.00) (such loss or damage to be determined by the Vendors arms length,
independent architect, engineer or other qualified expert), then neither Party shall have any right to terminate this Agreement by virtue
thereof, and the Vendor shall have the option to either (i) repair any such loss or damage and return the Property to substantially
the same condition as it was prior to such damage at its expense prior to the Closing or (ii) elect to grant the Purchaser a credit
for the amount of such loss or damage by way of Adjustments at Closing (which Adjustments shall be subject to Post-Closing Adjustments
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) and the Parties shall complete the purchase of the Property and all other Purchased Assets.

Section 8.3 Expropriation

8.3.1 If any material portion of the Property valued at ONE MILLION SIX HUNDRED SEVENTY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS
($1,675,000.00) or more (such expropriated value to be determined by the Vendors arms length qualified expert) is expropriated
by Governmental Authorities before Closing, the Vendor shall give notice to the Purchaser as soon as practicable after being aware of
such expropriation and the Purchaser shall have the right by notice given to the Vendor within ten (10) days following receipt of notice
from the Vendor regarding such expropriation, to elect either:

(a) to take the damages awarded or compensation, as the case may be, in respect of such expropriation and
complete the purchase of the Property and other the Purchased Assets; or

(b) not complete the purchase of the Property, in which event this Agreement shall terminate, the Purchaser
and the Vendor shall be released from all of their respective liabilities and obligations under this Agreement other than the Purchasers
liabilities and obligations pursuant to Section 4.2.3, Section 4.3.3 and Section 4.5 and the Deposit shall be treated in
accordance with the provisions of Section 3.6.3.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 40

8.3.2 If the Purchaser does not provide the Vendor with notice of its election prior to the expiry of said ten
(10) day delay, then the Purchaser shall be deemed to not have elected to complete the purchase of the Property and the other Purchased
Assets in accordance with the above. If any expropriation of the Property occurs within ten (10) days prior to Closing, the Closing Date
will be extended by a period sufficient for the foregoing election to be made by the Purchaser in the manner and within the time therefor
as aforesaid.

Section 8.4 New Leases

8.4.1 From the Acceptance Date until Closing, the Vendor shall not enter onto any Leases with respect to any
portion of the Property.

Section 8.5 Contracts and Permits

8.5.1 The Vendor shall terminate (or amend so that they no longer relate to the Property) all Contracts at its
expense on or before Closing.

8.5.2 Notwithstanding anything herein contained, on Closing, the Vendor shall assign and the Purchaser shall
assume all of the Vendors interest in all of the Warranties.

8.5.3 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as an assignment of, or an attempt to assign, directly or
indirectly, to the Purchaser, any Permit or Warranty which is (i) not assignable, or (ii) not assignable without the approval or consent
of the other party or parties thereto, without first obtaining such approval or consent. The failure to obtain any such approval or consent,
or the fact that a Permit or Warranty is not assignable, shall not entitle the Purchaser to terminate this Agreement or to any other right
or remedy whatsoever. With respect to any Permit or Warranty which is not assignable or is only assignable with consent, the Vendor shall,
at the request of the Purchaser and in each case at the Purchasers expense:

(a) apply for and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such consents or approvals, in a form
satisfactory to the Purchaser, acting reasonably, provided that nothing herein shall require the Vendor to make any payment to any other
party to any of the Permits or Warranties; and

(b) cooperate with the Purchaser in any reasonable and lawful arrangements designed to provide the benefits
of such non-assignable Permits or Warranties to the Purchaser including, without limitation, holding any such Permits or Warranties in
trust for the Purchaser or acting as agent for the Purchaser, provided that pursuant to such arrangements the Purchaser will grant in
favour of the Vendor an indemnity for all obligations or liabilities incurred thereunder or in connection therewith after the Closing
Date.

8.5.4 Notwithstanding any other term or condition of this Agreement, on or before Closing all of the management
agreements and other agreements with parties not at arms length to the Vendor which relate to the Property shall be terminated
and the Vendor shall be responsible for all costs associated with the termination of such management or other agreements.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 41

8.5.5 The failure by the Purchaser to obtain, before or after Closing, any Permits required for the Purchased
Assets, their ownership, their operation and the conduct of business at the Property shall not be a condition of Closing and shall not
entitle the Purchaser to terminate this Agreement or to any other right or remedy whatsoever.

8.5.6 From and after the Due Diligence Date, the Vendor and the Purchaser shall, at Purchasers costs,
diligently take all steps required to allow all Permits to be transferred to the Purchaser, where applicable, or to allow the Purchaser
to obtain any Permits required from and after Closing.

Article 9

General

Section 9.1 Applicable Law
and Forum

9.1.1 This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Province of Quebec and
the laws of Canada applicable in the Province of Quebec (excluding any conflict of laws rules or principles which might refer such interpretation
to the laws of another jurisdiction). Each Party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Qubec and
the judicial district of Montreal with respect to any matter arising hereunder.

Section 9.2 Invalidity

9.2.1 If any covenant, obligation, agreement or part thereof or the application thereof to any Person or circumstance,
to any extent, shall be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such covenant, obligation or agreement
or part thereof to any Person, party or circumstance, other than those to which it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected
thereby. Each covenant, obligation and agreement in this Agreement shall be separately valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted
by law.

Section 9.3 Amendment of Agreement

9.3.1 No supplement, modification, waiver or termination (other than a termination pursuant to Section 4.3,
Section 5.3, Section 7.5, Section 8.2 or Section 8.3) of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing
by the Parties hereto in the same manner as the execution of this Agreement.

Section 9.4 Time of the Essence

9.4.1 Time shall be of the essence of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein. If a Party is
bound to perform an obligation hereunder within a specific timeframe, the simple lapsing of time shall place that Party in default. Where
anything is required to be done under this Agreement on a day that is not a Business Day, then the day for such thing to be done shall
be the next following Business Day.

Section 9.5 Further Assurances

9.5.1 Each of the Parties hereto shall from time to time hereafter, and upon any reasonable request of the other,
execute and deliver, make or cause to be made, all such further acts, deeds, assurances and things as may be required or necessary to
more effectually implement and carry out the true intent and meaning of this Agreement.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 42

Section 9.6 Entire Agreement

9.6.1 This Agreement and any agreements, instruments and other documents herein contemplated to be entered into
between, by or including the Parties hereto constitute the entire agreement between the Parties hereto pertaining to the agreement of
purchase and sale provided for herein and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or
written, with respect thereto and there are no other conditions, warranties or representations and no other agreements between the Parties
hereto in connection with the agreement of purchase and sale provided for herein except as specifically set forth in this Agreement or
the Schedules attached hereto. For greater certainty, all disclosure made in or pursuant to this Agreement is subject to the provisions
of Section 4.5.

Section 9.7 Waiver

9.7.1 No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall constitute or shall be deemed to constitute
a waiver of any other provision (whether or not similar), nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressed
or provided.

Section 9.8 Effect of Termination
of Agreement

9.8.1 Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Purchaser shall remain obligated
to comply with its obligations to return documents (Section 4.5) and to repair and restore the Purchased Assets and to indemnify
the Vendor (Section 4.2) and all Parties shall remain obligated pursuant to the confidentiality provisions contained in Section 4.5.

Section 9.9 Legal Fees/Real
Estate Commission

9.9.1 Each of the Parties hereto shall be responsible for its own fees and costs (including legal fees) incurred
in connection with the transaction contemplated herein.

9.9.2 The Vendor shall be responsible for any commissions payable to CBRE Limited, with respect to the transaction
contemplated under this Agreement and the Purchaser shall be responsible for any fees on commissions payable to other agents that it may
retain to act for it, or who introduce the Property to the Purchaser.

Section 9.10 Solicitors as
Agents and Tender

9.10.1 Any notice, approval, waiver, agreement, instrument, document or communication permitted, required or
contemplated in this Agreement may be given or delivered and accepted or received by the Purchasers Solicitors on behalf of the
Purchaser and by the Vendors Solicitors on behalf of the Vendor and any tender of Closing Documents and the Balance may be made
upon the Vendors Solicitors and the Purchasers Solicitors, as the case may be.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 43

Section 9.11 Survival

9.11.1 Subject to Section 7.3 hereof, this Agreement and all covenants herein shall survive the Closing
Date and shall remain in full force and effect thereafter in accordance with its terms.

Section 9.12 Successors and
Assigns

9.12.1 All of the covenants and agreements in this Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns and shall enure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns.

Section 9.13 Assignment

9.13.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Purchaser shall not assign, directly or indirectly,
its rights and/or obligations hereunder (including the direction of legal or beneficial title to any Purchased Assets, or part thereof,
on Closing) without the prior written consent of the Vendor, which consent may be granted or withheld by the Vendor in its sole, absolute
and subjective discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser may assign this Agreement without the consent of the Vendor to
an Affiliate, provided that the initial Purchaser entity hereunder shall remain solidarily liable with such Affiliate for all obligations
and liabilities to the Vendor under this Agreement.

Section 9.14 Privacy Legislation

9.14.1 Each of the parties shall comply with all federal and provincial privacy legislation now or hereinafter
in effect with respect to all information, documents, agreements and/or reports whatsoever provided by or on behalf of one of the parties
hereto to the other, and each Party shall indemnify the other from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims or liabilities
whatsoever which such other Party may incur as a result of any violation of any privacy legislation by the breaching Party or those for
whom it is in law responsible.

Section 9.15 Notice

9.15.1 Any notice to be given by either Party hereto to the other pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing
and delivered by hand, courier or electronic transmission with receipt confirmed by the recipient (email) addressed
to:

the Purchaser at: 

Enovum Data Centers MTL II, L.P.

D-3195 RD Bedford Montral (Qubec) H3S 1G3 Canada

Attention: Bryan Bullet / Simon Hamelin-Choquette

E-mail: bryan@bit-digital.com /

shchoquette@enovumdc.com 

with a copy to: 

Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP

1501 McGill College Avenue

Montral, QC, H3A 3N9

Canada

27th Floor

Attention: Florence Simard / Matthew Hendy

E-mail: fsimard@dwpv.com / mhendy@dwpv.com 

To the Vendor at: 

ARE-Canada No. 5 Holdings, ULC

26 North Euclid Avenue Pasadena, CA 91101

Attention: Corporate Secretary

Email: ACQLegal@are.com 

with a copy to: 

Fasken Martineau DuMoulin LLP

800 Square Victoria

Suite 3500

Montral, Qubec H4Z 1E9

Attention: Richard Clare / Mathieu Renaud

Email: rclare@fasken.com /

mrenaud@fasken.com

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Sale of 7300 Trans-Canada Highway, Point-Claire

Page 44

9.15.2 Any notice delivered by hand or courier shall be deemed to be received when left during normal business
hours at the office set forth above. Any notice delivered by email prior to 5:00 p.m. (Montreal time) shall be deemed to have been delivered
on the day of transmission by email, and otherwise on the following Business Day. All deliveries made by email shall only be deemed delivered
upon confirmation of receipt by an addressee. Either Party shall be entitled to change its address for notice to an address elsewhere
by notice in writing to the other.

Section 9.16 Disclaimer of
Partnership

9.16.1 The Vendor and Purchaser expressly disclaim any intention to create a partnership with respect to the
Property. Nothing in this Agreement shall constitute the Parties partners, nor constitute either of them the agent of the other.

Section 9.17 Rights of Parties
Independent

9.17.1 The rights available to the Parties under this Agreement and at law shall be deemed to be several and
not dependent on each other and each such right shall be accordingly construed as complete in itself and not by reference to any other
such right. Any one or more and/or any combination of such rights may be exercised by a Party from time to time and, subject to the provisions
of this Agreement and no such exercise shall exhaust the rights of such Party or preclude any other Party from exercising any one or more
of such rights or combination thereof from time to time thereafter or simultaneously.

Section 9.18 No Registration
of Agreement

9.18.1 The Purchaser shall not register this Agreement or any notice of this Agreement on title to the Lands.

Section 9.19 Counterparts

9.19.1 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together constitute one
and the same instrument and each of which may be transmitted by any means, including electronic means.

Section 9.20 Language

9.20.1 The Parties have requested that this Agreement and any other agreements, documents or notices relating
hereto be prepared in English. Les Parties ont requis que cette entente ainsi que les autres ententes, documents ou avis qui sy
rapportent soient rdigs en anglais.

[the remainder of this page is intentionally left
blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto
have executed this Agreement by their properly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

ARE-CANADA NO. 5
HOLDINGS, ULC

Per: /s/
Gregory S. Kay

Name: Gregory S. Kay

Title: Senior Vice President

Per: /s/
Erke Huang

Name: Erke Huang

Title: Vice-President and Secretary

ENOVUM
DATA CENTERS MTL II, L.P.,

acting
and represented by its sole general

partner,
ENOVUM MTL II GP INC.

Per: /s/
Erke Huang

Name: Erke Huang

Title: Vice-President and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022670301ex99-1_bitdigi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED DECEMBER 30, 2024 TITLED "BIT DIGITAL, INC. ACQUIRES ANOTHER METROPOLITAN SITE FOR TIER-3 DATA CENTER EXPANSION"
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Bit Digital, Inc. Acquires Another Metropolitan Site for Tier-3 Data Center Expansion

NEW YORK, December 30, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Bit Digital, Inc. (Nasdaq: BTBT) (Bit Digital
or the Company), a global platform for high-performance computing (HPC) infrastructure and digital asset
production headquartered in New York, announced today that is has acquired the real estate and building for a build-to-suit 5MW Tier-3
data center expansion project in Montreal, Canada. This acquisition is part of Bit Digitals strategy to expand its HPC data center
footprint to 32MW during 2025. This site also comprises part of Bit Digitals 288MW proprietary pipeline announced earlier this
year.

Bit Digital purchased the site (MTL2) from a subsidiary of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc (NYSE: ARE) for CAD
$33.5 million (approximately USD $23.3MM assuming a CAD/USD exchange rate of 0.70) excluding fees. The acquisition closed on December
27, 2024. Bit Digital initially funded the purchase with cash on hand and is in the process of securing mortgage financing for both the
site acquisition and subsequent infrastructure capex.

The Company expects to spend approximately CAD $27.6 million (approx. USD $19.3MM)
to develop the site to Tier-3 standards with an initial gross load of 5MW. The site is expected to be completed and operational by May
2025.

MTL2, a 160,000 square feet site that was previously used as an encapsulation manufacturing facility, is located at 7300 Trans-Canada
Highway, City of Pointe-Claire, Province of Quebec Canada. Bit Digital plans to retrofit the site with advanced cooling technology, including
direct-to-chip liquid cooling, which enhances energy efficiency and supports AI and other high-performance workloads with 150kW rack
density. The Company is collaborating with third parties to implement a heat reject loop to further enhance the sustainability profile
of the datacenter. The facility will be powered by 100% renewable hydroelectricity provided by Hydro-Quebec. Additionally, the site offers
the potential to expand, enabling scalable growth aligned with market demand.

Sam Tabar, Bit Digitals CEO, commented: This
site acquisition marks an important step forward in our data center growth plans. This site is a Class A industrial property that was
a former encapsulation manufacturing facility that included premium infrastructure specifications. It is located in one of the most desirable
commercial real estate locations in Montreal. By leveraging the existing infrastructure, including over CAD $750 thousand worth of advanced
HVAC equipment included in the purchase, we are able to lower our development costs and accelerate our time to market a key advantage
and core tenet of our development strategy. The development timeline aligns with the demands of a new customer that intends to fill the
capacity with new generation Nvidia GPUs.

We are in the process of securing cost-effective mortgage financing for this project which
we intend to announce upon finalization. We believe this will ultimately showcase Bit Digitals ability to cost-effectively finance
its data center buildout in a non-dilutive manner.

About Bit Digital

Bit Digital, Inc. is a global platform for high-performance
computing (HPC) infrastructure and digital asset production headquartered in New York City. Our bitcoin mining operations
are located in the US, Canada, and Iceland. For additional information, please contact ir@bit-digital.com or visit our website at www.bit-digital.com.

Investor Notice

Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully
consider the risks, uncertainties and forward-looking statements described under Risk Factors in Item 3.D of our Annual
Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (Annual Report). Notwithstanding the fact that Bit Digital
Inc. has not conducted operations in the PRC since September 30, 2021 we have previously disclosed under Risk Factors in our Annual Report:
We may be subject to fines and penalties for any noncompliance with or any liabilities in our former business in China in a certain
period from now on. Although the statute of limitations for non-compliance by our former business in the PRC is generally two
years and the Company has been out of the PRC, for more than two years, the Authority may still find its prior bitcoin mining operations
involved a threat to financial security. In such event, the two-year period would be extended to five years. If any material risk was
to occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations would likely suffer. In that event, the value of our securities
could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. The risks and uncertainties we describe are not the only ones facing
us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. In addition,
our past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate
results in the future. Future changes in the network-wide mining difficulty rate or bitcoin hash rate may also materially affect the
future performance of Bit Digitals production of bitcoin. Actual operating results will vary depending on many factors including network
difficulty rate, total hash rate of the network, the operations of our facilities, the status of our miners, and other factors. See Safe
Harbor Statement below.

Safe Harbor Statement

This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements relating to the business
of Bit Digital, Inc., and its subsidiary companies. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included herein are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes, expects,
or similar expressions, involving known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties, and these expectations may
prove to be incorrect. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
of this press release. The Companys actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of a variety of factors, including those discussed in the Companys periodic reports that are filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission and available on its website at http://www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or
persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors. Other than as required under the securities
laws, the Company does not assume a duty to update these forward-looking statements.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>btbt-20241227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>btbt-20241227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>btbt-20241227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 27, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 27, 2024

Entity File Number 001-38421

Entity Registrant Name BIT DIGITAL INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001710350

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1606989

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 31 Hudson Yards

Entity Address, Address Line Two Floor 11

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10001

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 463-5121

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, $.01 par value

Trading Symbol BTBT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://bit-digital.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

btbt-20241227.xsd 
btbt-20241227_lab.xml 
btbt-20241227_pre.xml 
ea0226703-8k_bitdigi.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-000891-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0226703-8k_bitdigi_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001710350 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001710350 
8-K 
2024-12-27 
BIT DIGITAL INC. 
E9 
001-38421 
98-1606989 
31 Hudson Yards 
Floor 11 
New York 
NY 
10001 
212 
463-5121 
Ordinary Shares, $.01 par value 
BTBT 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>