<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001398344-25-005675.txt : 20250317
<SEC-HEADER>0001398344-25-005675.hdr.sgml : 20250317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250317173003
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001398344-25-005675
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250317
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001506488
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	811-22499
		FILM NUMBER:		25745756

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CRESCENT COURT, SUITE 1700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-692-6334

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CRESCENT COURT, SUITE 1700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cushing NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200327

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cushing Renaissance Fund
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120710

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cushing MLP Income Fund
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101124
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>fp0092707-1_8kixbrl.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000150648800015064882025-03-172025-03-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)
March 17, 2025

NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 811-22499 46-0742000

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

One Energy Square, 4925 Greenville Ave., Suite 1310, Dallas, Texas 75201

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code
(214)692-6334

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on

which registered

Common Shares of Beneficial Interest NXG New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(240.12b-2 of this chapter).

[ ] Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ]

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 14, 2025, NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income
Fund (NYSE: NXG) (the Fund) entered into an amended and restated distribution agreement (the Distribution Agreement)
with Foreside Fund Services, LLC (the Distributor), pursuant to which the Fund may offer and sell up to 1,450,000 common
shares of beneficial interest of the Fund, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Shares), from time to time, through the
Distributor, in transactions deemed to be at the market as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Offering). The minimum price on any day at which Common Shares may be sold will not be less than the then current net
asset value per Common Share plus the per Common Share amount of the commission to be paid to the Distributor.

Pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, the Distributor
may enter into sub-placement agent agreements with one or more selected dealers. The Distributor has entered into an amended and restated
sub-placement agent agreement, dated March 14, 2025 (the Sub-Placement Agent Agreement), with UBS Securities LLC (the Sub-Placement
Agent) relating to the Common Shares to be offered under the Distribution Agreement.

The Offering is being made pursuant a prospectus supplement,
dated March 14, 2025 and the accompanying prospectus, dated June 10, 2024, each of which constitute part of the Funds effective
shelf registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-278194) previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Registration
Statement).

The foregoing descriptions of the Distribution Agreement
and the Sub-Placement Agent Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text
of the Distribution Agreement filed with this report as Exhibit 1.1 and incorporated herein by reference, and the full text of the Sub-Placement
Agent Agreement filed with this report as Exhibit 1.2 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events

On March 17, 2025, the Fund commenced the Offering
pursuant to the Funds Registration Statement. A copy of the opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP relating to
the legality of the Common Shares is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this report.

The Fund incorporates by reference the exhibits filed
herewith into the Registration Statement.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

1.1 Distribution Agreement between the Registrant and Foreside Fund Services, LLC

1.2 Sub-Placement Agent Agreement between Foreside Fund Services, LLC and UBS Securities LLC

5.1 Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP

23.1 Consent of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NXG NEXTGEN INFRASTRUCTURE INCOME FUND 

Date: March 17, 2025 By: /s/ Blake Nelson 

Name: Blake Nelson 

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>fp0092707-1_ex11.htm
<TEXT>
AMENDED AND RESTATED DISTRIBUTION
AGREEMENT

This AMENDED AND RESTATED
DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) made as of March 14, 2025 by and between NXG
NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund), and Foreside Fund Services, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the Distributor).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Fund is registered
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Investment
Company Act), as a non-diversified, closed-end, management investment company;

WHEREAS, the Fund has filed
a registration statement on Form N-2 pursuant to the Investment Company Act and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), to register common shares of beneficial
interest, $0.001 par value per share, of the Fund (the Common Shares), which may be issued and sold from time to
time through various specified transactions, including at-the-market (ATM) offerings pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act;

WHEREAS, the Distributor
is registered as a broker-dealer under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act), and is a member in good standing of the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, Inc. (FINRA);

WHEREAS, the Fund and the
Distributor entered into a distribution agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025, with each other with respect to ATM offerings, from time
to time, of 200,000 Common Shares for which the Distributor will act as the Funds principal underwriter and placement agent (the
Original Agreement); and

WHEREAS, the Fund and the
Distributor wish to amend and restate the Original Agreement to increase the number of Common Shares for which the Distributor will act
as the Funds principal underwriter and placement agent to 1,450,000 Common Shares.

NOW THEREFORE, the parties
agree as follows:

Section 1. Appointment
of the Distributor; ATM Offerings.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Fund hereby appoints the Distributor as its principal underwriter and placement agent
for up to 1,450,000 Common Shares of the Fund to be offered pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined herein) through ATM offerings
from time to time (the Shares) and the Fund agrees that it will issue such Shares as the Distributor may sell. The
Distributor agrees to enter into non-exclusive sub-placement agent agreements with selected dealers, each of
whom shall be registered as a broker-dealer under the provisions of the Exchange Act and a member in good standing of FINRA who will use
reasonable efforts to identify opportunities for the sale of Shares (each, a sub-placement agent), but neither
the Distributor nor any sub-placement agent is obligated to sell any specific number of the Shares (though the Distributor
will only be authorized to sell on any Offering Date, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the maximum number of Shares
agreed to with the Fund pursuant to Section 1(d) hereof). The Distributor will not purchase any Shares for its own account. The Shares
will only be sold on such days as shall be agreed to by the Distributor and the Fund (each, an Offering Date). The
Distributor hereby accepts such appointment.

(b) The
Distributor acknowledges that Shares will be offered and sold only as set forth from time to time in the Registration Statement including,
without limitation, pricing of Shares, handling of investor funds and payment of sales commissions.

(c) The
Fund may suspend or terminate any ATM offering of its Shares at any time. Upon notice to the Distributor of the terms of such suspension
or termination, the Distributor shall suspend the ATM offering of Shares in accordance with such terms until the Fund notifies the Distributor
that such ATM offering may be resumed; provided, however, that such suspension or termination shall not affect
or impair the parties respective obligations with respect to the Shares sold hereunder prior to the giving of such notice.

(d) The
price per Share shall be determined by the Fund together with the Distributor or any sub-placement agent by reference
to trades in the Common Shares on the primary exchange for the Common Shares. In no event shall the price per Share be less than the then
current net asset value per Common Share (which net asset value shall be determined as of a time within twenty-four (24) hours, excluding
Saturdays, Sundays and holidays, next preceding the time of such determination) plus the per Share amount of the commission to be paid
to the Distributor (the Minimum Price). The Fund may establish a minimum sales price per Share on any Offering Date
in excess of the Minimum Price (the Minimum Sales Price), and the Fund shall communicate such Minimum Sales Price
to the Distributor. The Fund shall have sole discretion to establish a Minimum Sales Price for any Offering Date. The Distributor agrees
that it will not sell Shares if the per share price of the Shares is less than the Minimum Price or, if applicable, the Minimum Sales
Price. The Fund shall determine the maximum number of Shares to be sold through the Distributor or through such sub-placement agent for
any Offering Date, and the Distributor or such sub-placement agent shall not be authorized to sell Shares on any Offering
Date in excess of such maximum.

(e) The
Distributor will confirm to the Fund, following the close of trading on the Funds primary exchange on each Offering Date for the
Shares, the number of Shares sold through the Distributor and through any sub-placement agent, the time of sale, the
gross sales price per Share and the compensation payable to the Distributor and such sub-placement agent, or to which
the Distributor and such sub-placement agent are entitled with respect to such sales. The Fund reserves the right
to reject any order in whole or in part.

(f) Settlement
for sales of the Shares pursuant to this Section 1 will occur on the first business day following the date on which such sales are
made (each such day, a Settlement Date), unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties hereto. On each Settlement
Date, the Shares sold through the Distributor and through any sub-placement agent for settlement on such date shall
be delivered by the Fund at the Distributors request to such sub-placement agents account at The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the
parties, against payment of the gross sales proceeds for the sale of such Shares, less the sales commission to be paid to the Distributor.

2 

(g) In
selling Shares, the Distributor shall act solely as an agent of the Fund and not as principal.

Section 2. Representations
and Warranties by the Fund. The Fund represents, warrants to and agrees with the Distributor, as of the date hereof and as of each
Offering Date and Settlement Date, that:

(a) The
Registration Statement (i) has been prepared by the Fund in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Investment
Company Act in all material respects; (ii) has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
under the Securities Act and the Investment Company Act; and (iii) heretofore became, and is, effective; the Registration Statement
sets forth the terms of the offering, sale and plan of distribution of the Shares and contains additional information concerning the Fund
and its business; no stop order of the Commission preventing or suspending the use of the Basic Prospectus (as defined herein), the Prospectus
Supplement (as defined herein) or the Prospectus (as defined herein), or the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, has been issued,
and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or, to the Funds knowledge, have been threatened by the Commission. Except
where the context otherwise requires, Registration Statement, as used herein, means, collectively, the various parts
of the registration statement, as amended at the time of effectiveness for purposes of Section 11 of the Securities Act (the Effective
Time), as such section applies to the Distributor, including (1) all documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein, and (2) any information contained or incorporated by reference in a prospectus
filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, to the extent such information is deemed to be part of the
registration statement at the Effective Time. Basic Prospectus, as used herein, means the final prospectus filed
as part of the Registration Statement, including the related statement of additional information, together with any amendments or supplements
thereto as of the date of this Agreement. Except where the context otherwise requires, Prospectus Supplement, as
used herein, means the final prospectus supplement, including the related statement of additional information, relating to the Shares,
filed by the Fund with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, in the form furnished by the Fund to the Distributor
in connection with the offering of the Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, Prospectus, as used herein,
means the Prospectus Supplement together with the Basic Prospectus attached to or used with the Prospectus Supplement. Any reference herein
to the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include
the documents, if any, incorporated by reference, or deemed to be incorporated by reference, therein.

(b) The
Fund is duly registered under the Investment Company Act as a closed-end management investment company. A notification
of registration of the Fund as an investment company under the Investment Company Act on Form N-8A (the Investment
Company Act Notification) has been prepared by the Fund in conformity with the Investment Company Act and has been filed with
the Commission and, at the time of filing thereof and at the time of filing any amendment or supplement thereto, conformed in all material
respects with all applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act. The Fund has not received any notice in writing from the Commission
pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Investment Company Act with respect to the Investment Company Act Notification or the Registration
Statement (or any amendment or supplement to either of them). No person is serving or acting as an officer, trustee or investment adviser
of the Fund except in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, provided that for purposes of the foregoing representation
with respect to officers and trustees, the Fund shall be entitled to rely on representations from such officers and trustees.

3 

(c) The
Registration Statement, the Investment Company Act Notification and the Prospectus, as from time to time amended or supplemented, each
complied when it became effective or was filed (as the case may be), complies as of the date hereof and, as amended or supplemented, will
comply, at each time of purchase of Shares in connection with the ATM offerings, and at all times during which a prospectus is required
by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with any sale of Shares, in all material respects, with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Investment Company Act; the Registration Statement did not, as of the Effective Time, contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; at no
time during the period that begins on the earlier of the date of the Basic Prospectus or the date the Basic Prospectus was filed with
the Commission and ends at the later of the time of purchase of Shares in connection with the ATM offerings or the end of the period during
which a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with any sale of Shares did or will the Prospectus,
as from time to time amended or supplemented, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however,
that the Fund does not make any representation or warranty with respect to any statement contained in the Registration Statement, the
Basic Prospectus or the Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing by the Distributor or any sub-placement agents, or
on the Distributors or any sub-placement agents behalf, to the Fund expressly for use in the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus (the Agent Provided Information).

(d) The
financial statements incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, together with the related notes and schedules,
(i) present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Fund as of the dates indicated and the results of operations,
cash flows and changes in shareholders equity of the Fund for the periods specified and (ii) have been prepared in compliance
in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act, the Investment Company Act and the Exchange Act, and in conformity
in all material respects with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved;
the other financial and statistical data contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus are accurately
and fairly presented, in all material respects, and prepared on a basis consistent with the financial statements and books and records
of the Fund in all material respects; there are no financial statements that are required to be included or incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus or the Prospectus by the Securities Act, the Investment Company Act or the Exchange
Act that are not included or incorporated by reference as required; and the Fund does not have any material liabilities or obligations,
direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), not described in the Registration Statement (excluding
the exhibits thereto).

4 

(e) As
of the date of this Agreement, the Fund has an authorized and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the
Basic Prospectus and the Prospectus and, with respect to any issuance and sale under this Agreement, the Fund shall have as of the date
of the most recent amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus, an authorized and outstanding capitalization as
set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; all of the issued and outstanding Common Shares have been duly authorized
and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in material compliance with all applicable
securities laws and were not issued in violation of any preemptive right, resale right, right of first refusal or similar right.

(f) The
Fund has been duly formed, has legal existence as a statutory trust and is in good standing under the laws of Delaware, with full power
and authority to own, lease and operate and conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus and
the Prospectus and to issue, sell and deliver the Shares as contemplated herein. The Fund is duly qualified to do business as a foreign
entity and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure
to be so qualified and in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the business, properties,
financial condition or results of operations of the Fund.

(g) The
Shares have been duly and validly authorized and, when issued and delivered against payment therefor as provided herein, will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free of statutory and contractual preemptive rights, resale
rights, rights of first refusal and similar rights; the Shares, when issued and delivered against payment therefor as provided herein,
will be free of any restriction upon the voting or transfer thereof pursuant to the Funds Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration
of Trust, as further amended or supplemented, the Funds Amended and Restated By-Laws, as further amended or supplemented, or any
agreement or other instrument to which the Fund is a party. The Common Shares, including the Shares, conform in all material respects
to the description thereof, if any, contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus or the
Prospectus; and the certificates for the Shares, if any, are in due and proper form.

(h) The
Fund is in material compliance with the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the Stock Exchange), including, without
limitation, the requirements for continued listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange and the Fund has not received any written notice
from the Stock Exchange regarding the delisting of the Shares from the Stock Exchange. The Shares will be duly listed, and admitted and
authorized for trading, subject to official notice of issuance, on the Stock Exchange.

(i) No
approval, authorization, consent or order of or filing with any federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory commission,
board, body, authority or agency, or of or with any self-regulatory organization or other non-governmental regulatory authority
(including, without limitation, the Stock Exchange), or approval of the shareholders of the Fund that has not already been obtained, is
required in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares or the consummation by the Fund of the transactions contemplated hereby,
other than (i) the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act, which has been effected, (ii) the listing of the Shares
with the Stock Exchange, upon official notice of issuance, (iii) any necessary qualification under the securities or blue sky laws
of the various jurisdictions in which the Shares are being offered by the Fund or (iv) any necessary qualification pursuant to the
rules of FINRA.

5 

Section 3. Duties
of the Fund.

(a) The
Fund shall take, from time to time, but subject always to any necessary approval of the Board of Trustees of the Fund (each a Trustee,
and together the Board) or of its shareholders, all necessary action to fix the number of authorized Common Shares,
to the end that the Fund will have a number of authorized but unissued Common Shares at least equal to the number of Common Shares available
for sale pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) For
purposes of the ATM offering of Shares, the Fund will furnish to the Distributor and any sub-placement agents copies
of its most recent amendment to its Registration Statement, its most recent Prospectus and all amendments and supplements thereto, and
other documentation the Distributor may reasonably request for use in the ATM offering of Shares, including without limitation, and to
the extent applicable, a 415 No Objections Letter from FINRA. The Distributor and the sub-placement agents are authorized
to furnish to prospective investors only such information concerning the Fund and the ATM offering as may be contained in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus, the Funds publicly available formation documents, or any other documents (including sales material),
that are expressly approved by the Fund for such purpose.

(c) The
Fund shall furnish to the Distributor copies of all financial statements of the Fund which the Distributor may reasonably request for
use in connection with its duties hereunder, and this shall include, upon request by the Distributor, one certified copy of all financial
statements prepared for the Fund by independent public accountants.

(d) The
Fund shall use its best efforts to qualify and maintain, to the extent required by applicable law, the qualification of Shares for sale
under the securities laws of such jurisdictions as the Distributor and the Fund may approve, provided that the Fund shall not be required
in connection therewith to qualify as a foreign corporation or dealer in securities or to file a general consent to service of process
in any jurisdiction or meet any other requirement in connection with this Section 3(d) deemed by the Fund to be unduly burdensome.
Any such qualification may be withheld, terminated or withdrawn by the Fund at any time in its discretion. The expense of qualification
and maintenance of qualification shall be borne by the Fund. The Distributor shall furnish such information and other material relating
to its affairs and activities as may be required by the Fund in connection with such qualification.

(e) The
Fund will furnish, in reasonable quantities upon request by the Distributor, copies of its annual and semi-annual reports.

(f) The
Fund will furnish the Distributor with such other documents as it may reasonably require, from time to time, for the purpose of enabling
it to perform its duties as contemplated by this Agreement.

6 

Section 4. Duties
of the Distributor.

(a) The
Distributor shall use its reasonable best efforts to perform its duties hereunder. The services of the Distributor to the Fund hereunder
are not to be deemed exclusive and nothing herein contained shall prevent the Distributor from entering into like arrangements with other
investment companies so long as the performance of its obligations with respect to the Fund hereunder is not impaired thereby.

(b) In
performing its duties hereunder, the Distributor shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable laws, including
securities laws relating to the ATM offerings of Shares. Neither the Distributor nor any sub-placement agent having
an agreement to offer and sell Shares pursuant to Section 5 hereof nor any other person is authorized by the Fund to give any information
or to make any representations, other than those contained in its Registration Statement, Prospectus and any sales literature specifically
approved for such use by the Fund.

(c) The
Distributor or any sub-placement agent shall review and file with FINRA as applicable, all sales literature (advertisements,
brochures and shareholder communications) prepared in connection with the ATM offerings for the Fund.

(d) The
Distributor agrees to supply the following additional services, together with such other services as set forth throughout this Agreement:

1. handling inquiries from sub-placement agents regarding the Fund;

2. assisting in the enhancement of communications between sub-placement agents and the Fund;

3. communicating the Minimum Price or Minimum Sales Price to any sub-placement agents and instructing any sub-placement agents not to sell Shares if such sales cannot be effected at or above the Minimum Price or the Minimum Sales Price;

4. communicating the maximum amount of Shares to be sold on any Offering Date and any other Fund instructions to any sub-placement agents;

5. notifying any sub-placement agents of any suspension or termination of the ATM offering of Shares, together with any corresponding resumption of the ATM offering of Shares;

6. coordinating delivery of any Shares sold through sub-placement agents to such sub-placement agents on the Settlement Date against payment of the gross sales proceeds for the sale of such Shares, less any applicable sub-placement agent selling commission;

7. delivering the Funds Prospectus to any sub-placement agents;

7 

8. identifying potential sub-placement agents;

9. monitoring the performance of sub-placement agents;

10. providing any necessary reconciliation, accounting and recordkeeping services in respect of the ATM offerings of Shares, including with respect to the underwriting compensation paid by the Fund to the Distributor in respect thereof; and

11. providing such other information, assistance and services as may be reasonably requested by the Fund.

(e) The
Distributor shall report to the Board at least quarterly, or more frequently, as requested by the Board, regarding: (i) the nature
of the services provided by the Distributor hereunder; (ii) the amount of compensation sub-placement agents, if
any, are entitled to retain or be paid by the Distributor; and (iii) the aggregate amount of underwriting compensation paid by the
Fund to the Distributor in respect of the ATM offerings of Shares.

(f) The
Distributor represents and warrants to the Fund that it has all necessary licenses to perform the services contemplated hereunder and
will perform such services in compliance with all applicable rules and regulations.

Section 5. Agreements with Sub-Placement Agents.

(a) The
Distributor may enter into sub-placement agent agreements or selected dealer agreements, on such terms and conditions
as the Distributor determines are not inconsistent with this Agreement, with sub-placement agents to act as the Distributors
agents to effect the sale of the Shares in the ATM offerings, and the Distributor will terminate one or more of its sub-placement agent
agreements or selected dealer agreements, to the extent instructed by the Fund. Such sub-placement agents shall sell Shares
only at market prices subject to the Minimum Price and the Minimum Sales Price. This Agreement shall not be construed as authorizing any
dealer or other person to accept orders for sale on the Funds behalf or to otherwise act as the Funds agent for any purpose.
The Distributor shall not be responsible for the acts of other dealers or agents except as and to the extent that they shall be acting
for the Distributor or under the Distributors direction or authority.

(b) The
Distributor shall offer and sell Shares only through such sub-placement agents who are acting as brokers or dealers who are
registered as broker-dealers under the provisions of the Exchange Act and members in good standing of FINRA and who agree to abide by
the rules of FINRA.

(c) The
Distributor shall obtain assurance, reasonably satisfactory to the Fund, from any sub-placement agents which it engages of the
compliance by such sub-placement agents with the terms of this Agreement, applicable federal and state securities
laws and the rules of FINRA.

Section 6. Sales
Commission; Compensation.

(a) The
Fund shall pay the Distributor an amount equal to 1.00% of the gross sales price per Share of the Shares sold.

8 

(b) The
Distributor shall pay to the sub-placement agents the sub-placement agent commissions agreed to between the Distributor
and such sub-placement agents, or may authorize such sub-placement agents to retain such sub-placement agent commissions
from the gross sales proceeds from the sale of such Shares, which shall be payable from the commissions payable to the Distributor under
Section 6(a) hereof; provided that the Distributor will not pay to the sub-placement agents compensation in excess of the
usual and customary distributors or selling agents commission in the ATM offerings of Shares.

(c) The
Fund hereby represents and warrants to the Distributor that (i) the terms of this Agreement, (ii) the fees and expenses associated
with this Agreement, and (iii) any benefits accruing to the Distributor or to the Funds investment adviser or sponsor or another
affiliate of the Fund in connection with this Agreement, which the Fund has agreed to pay, including but not limited to any fee waivers,
conversion cost reimbursements, up-front payments, signing payments or periodic payments relating to this Agreement
have been fully disclosed to the Board and that, if required by applicable law, the Board has approved or will approve the terms of this
Agreement, any such fees and expenses, and any such benefits.

Section 7. Payment
of Expenses.

(a) The
Fund shall bear all of its own costs and expenses, including fees and disbursements of its counsel and auditors, in connection with the
preparation of its Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, if any, the preparation and filing of any required registration statements
under the Securities Act and/or the Investment Company Act, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and in connection with any fees
and expenses incurred with respect to any filing requirements of FINRA and preparing and mailing annual and interim reports and proxy
materials to shareholders (including but not limited to the expense of setting in type any such Registration Statement, Prospectus, interim
reports or proxy materials).

(b) The
Fund shall bear any cost and expenses of qualification of the Shares for sale pursuant to this Agreement.

(c) The
Distributor shall bear all expenses incurred by it in connection with its duties and activities under this Agreement, including the compensation of sub-placement agents for
sales of the Shares, provided that it shall pay such sub-placement agents only for so long as and to the extent that
it receives such compensation from the Fund, and fees and expenses of Distributors counsel (except for any FINRA filing fees or
blue sky fees paid on behalf of the Fund or the Distributor by such counsel).

Section 8. Limitation
of Liability; Indemnification.

(a) The
Distributor shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any loss suffered by the Fund in connection with the
matters to which this Agreement relates, except a loss resulting from willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on its part in
the performance of its duties or from material breach or reckless disregard by it of its obligations and duties under this Agreement.
The Distributor shall not be liable for any damages arising out of any action or omission to act by any prior service provider of the
Fund or for any failure to discover any such error or omission (provided that this sentence shall not apply where the Distributor was
the prior service provider). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Distributor shall not be liable for damages
occurring directly or indirectly by reason of circumstances beyond its reasonable control.

9 

(b) The
Fund agrees that it will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Distributor, its several officers, and directors, and any person who
controls the Distributor within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, from and against any losses, claims, damages or
liabilities, joint or several, to which the Distributor, its several officers, and directors, and any person who controls the Distributor
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, may become subject under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such
losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof) (i) arise out of, or are based upon any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses or in any application
or other document executed by or on behalf of the Fund or are based upon information furnished by or on behalf of the Fund filed in any
state in order to qualify the Shares under the securities or blue sky laws thereof (Blue Sky Application) or arise
out of, or are based upon, the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) arise out of, or are based upon, any material breach of the representations,
warranties or covenants of the Fund contained in this Agreement; provided, however, that the Fund shall not be
liable in any case to the extent that such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of, or is based upon, any untrue statement, alleged
untrue statement, or omission or alleged omission made in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Blue Sky Application with
respect to the Fund in reliance upon and in conformity with any Agent Provided Information, or arising out of the failure of the Distributor
or any sub-placement agent to deliver a current Prospectus. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
the Fund shall not be liable for damages occurring directly or indirectly by reason of circumstances beyond its reasonable control.

(c) The
Distributor will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Fund and its several officers and trustees, and any person who controls the Fund
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several,
to which any of them may become subject under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities
(or actions or proceedings in respect thereof) arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Blue Sky Application, or arise out of, or are based upon,
the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, which statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Fund
or any of its several officers by or on behalf of the Distributor specifically for inclusion therein, and will reimburse the Fund and
its several officers, trustees and such controlling persons for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by any of them in investigating,
defending or preparing to defend any such action, proceeding or claim.

(d) An
indemnified person under this Section 8 (the Indemnified Party) shall give written notice to the other party
(the Indemnifying Party) of any loss, damage, expense, liability or claim in respect of which the Indemnifying Party
has a duty to indemnify such Indemnified Party under Section 8(b) or (c) hereof (a Claim), specifying in
reasonable detail the nature of the loss, damage, expense, liability or claim for which indemnification is sought, except that any delay
or failure so to notify such Indemnifying Party shall only relieve such Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder to the extent,
if at all, that such Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by reason of such delay or failure.

10 

(e) If
a Claim results from any action, suit or proceeding brought or asserted against an Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party shall assume
the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees
and expenses. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in such action, suit or proceeding and participate
in such defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified Party unless (i) the
Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (ii) the Indemnifying Party has failed within a reasonable
time to assume the defense and employ counsel or (iii) the named parties to any such action, suit or proceeding (including any impleaded
parties) include both such Indemnified Party and Indemnifying Party and such Indemnified Party shall have been advised by its counsel
that representation of such Indemnified Party and Indemnifying Party by the same counsel would be inappropriate under applicable standards
of professional conduct (whether or not such representation by the same counsel has been proposed) due to actual or potential differing
interests between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party (in which case the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume
the defense of such action, suit or proceeding on behalf of such Indemnified Party). It is understood, however, that the Indemnifying
Party shall, in connection with any one action, suit or proceeding or separate but substantially similar or related actions, suits or
proceedings in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances be liable for the reasonable fees and
expenses of only one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to any local counsel) at any time for all such Indemnified Parties not having
actual or potential differing interests with the Indemnifying Party or among themselves, which firm shall be designated in writing by
an authorized representative of such parties and that all such fees and expenses shall be reimbursed promptly as they are incurred. The
Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such action, suit or proceeding effected without its written consent,
but if settled with such written consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff in any such action, suit or proceeding, the
Indemnifying Party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless any Indemnified Party from and against any loss, liability, damage or expense
by reason by such settlement or judgment.

(f) With
respect to any Claim not within Section 8(e) hereof, the Indemnifying Party shall have twenty (20) days from receipt of notice
from the Indemnified Party of such Claim within which to respond thereto. If the Indemnifying Party does not respond within such twenty-day period, it
shall be deemed to have accepted responsibility to make payment and shall have no further right to contest the validity of such Claim.
If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party within such twenty-day period that it rejects such Claim
in whole or in part, the Indemnified Party shall be free to pursue such remedies as may be available to the Indemnified Party under applicable
law.

(g) If
the indemnification provided for in this Section 8 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified
Party harmless in respect of any losses, damages, expenses, liabilities or claims referred to therein, then each applicable Indemnifying
Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such losses, damages, expenses, liabilities
or claims in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Indemnified Party, on the one
hand, and the Indemnifying Party, on the other hand, from the offering of the Shares; or (ii) if, but only if, the allocation provided
for in clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits
referred to in clause (i) but also the relative fault of the Indemnified Party, on the one hand, and of the Indemnifying Party, on
the other, in connection with any statements or omissions or other matters which resulted in such losses, damages, expenses, liabilities
or claims, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the parties hereto shall be determined by reference
to, among other things, whether the untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission relates
to information supplied by such party, on one hand, or by the other party, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party
hereto as a result of the losses, damages, expenses, liabilities and claims referred to in this subsection shall be deemed to include
any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending
any proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 8 were
determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred
to in this Section 8(g). No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities
Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

11 

(h) Notwithstanding
any other provisions in this Section 8, no party shall be entitled to indemnification or contribution under this Agreement against
any loss, claim, liability, expense or damage arising by reason of such persons willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence
in the performance of its duties hereunder or by reason of such persons material breach or reckless disregard of such persons
obligations and duties thereunder.

(i) The
indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section 8 and the covenants, warranties and representations of the parties
contained in this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Fund, its,
trustees or officers or any person (including each officer or trustee of such person) who controls the Fund within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, or by or on behalf of the Distributor, its directors or officers or any
person who controls the Distributor within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act,
and shall survive any termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Shares.

(j) IN
NO EVENT WILL ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PERSON OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL
OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES.

Section 9. Duration
and Termination of this Agreement.

(a) This
Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by the Fund or by the Distributor, on sixty (60) days
written notice to the other party.

12 

(b) Unless
earlier terminated pursuant to Section 9(a) hereof, this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the issuance and sale of all of
the Shares through the Distributor or any sub-placement agents on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

(c) This
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Sections 9(a) or 9(b) hereof.

(d) Any
termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided that such termination shall
not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the other party. If such termination shall occur
prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Shares, such Shares shall settle in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

Section 10. Amendments
of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended by the parties only pursuant to a written instrument executed by the Fund and the
Distributor.

Section 11. Governing
Law. This Agreement and any claim, counterclaim or dispute of any kind or nature whatsoever arising out of or in any way relating
to this Agreement, directly or indirectly, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New
York. To the extent that the applicable law of the State of New York, or any of the provisions herein, conflict with the applicable provisions
of the Investment Company Act, the latter shall control.

Section 12. Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE FUND (ON ITS BEHALF AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ON BEHALF OF ITS AFFILIATES) AND THE
DISTRIBUTOR (ON ITS BEHALF AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ON BEHALF OF ITS MEMBERS AND AFFILIATES) WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED UPON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 13. Miscellaneous.

(a) The
captions in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and in no way define or delimit any of the provisions hereof
or otherwise affect their construction or effect.

(b) This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings, both written
and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held or made
invalid by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.

(c) This
Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns
and the officers, and directors, trustees, and controlling persons referred to in Section 8 hereof. Neither party may assign its
rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party.

13 

(d) The
parties acknowledge and agree that all share-related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted to take into account any stock
split, stock dividend or similar event effected with respect to the Shares.

(e) The
terms affiliated person and interested person, when used in this Agreement, shall have the respective meanings
specified in the Investment Company Act.

Section 14. Proprietary
and Confidential Information. The Distributor agrees on behalf of itself and its employees to treat confidentially and as proprietary
information of the Fund all records and other information relative to the Fund and prior, present or potential shareholders, and not to
use such records and information for any purpose other than performance of its responsibilities and duties hereunder, except after prior
notification to and approval in writing by the Fund, which approval shall not be required where the Distributor may be exposed to civil
or criminal contempt proceedings for failure to comply, when requested to divulge such information by duly constituted authorities, or
when so requested by the Fund. The provisions of this Section 14 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, each party hereto agrees that: (i) any Nonpublic Personal Information, as defined under Section 248.3(t)
of Regulation S-P (Regulation S-P), promulgated under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the Act),
disclosed by a party hereunder is for the specific purpose of permitting the other party to perform the services set forth in this Agreement,
and (ii) with respect to such information, each party will comply with Regulation S-P and the Act and will not
disclose any Nonpublic Personal Information received in connection with this Agreement to any other party, except to the extent as necessary
to carry out the services set forth in this Agreement or as otherwise permitted by Regulation S-P or the Act.

Section 15. Notices.
All communications hereunder will be in writing and effective only on receipt, and will be mailed, delivered or emailed and confirmed
to:

If to the Distributor:

Foreside Fund Services, LLC

Three Canal Plaza, Suite 100

Portland, Maine 04101

Attention: Legal Department

Email: legal@foreside.com

For all operational notices or communications: etp-services@foreside.com

14 

If to the Fund:

NXG
NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund

c/o Cushing
Asset Management, LP

600 N. Pearl Street, Suite 1205

Dallas, Texas 75201

Attention: John Musgrave

Email: jmusgrave@nxgim.com

[The remainder of this
page is intentionally left blank]

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in
any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

NXG nextgen infrastructure income FUND 

By: /s/ John Musgrave 

Name: John Musgrave 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President 

FORESIDE FUND SERVICES, LLC 

By: /s/ Teresa Cowan 

Name: Teresa Cowan 

Title: President 

[Signature Page for Amended and Restated Distribution
Agreement for NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>fp0092707-1_ex12.htm
<TEXT>
AMENDED AND RESTATED SUB-PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT

Foreside Fund Services,
LLC

Three Canal Plaza, Suite
100

Portland, Maine 04101

March 14, 2025

UBS Securities LLC

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019

RE: At-the-Market Offerings by NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund

Ladies and Gentlemen:

From time to time Foreside
Fund Services, LLC (the Distributor, we or us) will act as manager of registered at-the-market offerings by
NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund),
of up to 1,450,000 common shares (the Shares) of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value per share, of the Fund (the
Common Shares). In the case of such offerings, the Fund has agreed with the Distributor to issue and sell through
the Distributor, as sales agent, the Shares (the Distribution Agreement).

We hereby agree to retain
UBS Securities LLC (the Agent or you) as a sub-placement agent with respect
to the offerings of the Shares to be issued and sold by the Fund (the Offerings) as the Fund and the Distributor
may indicate from time to time, and you agree to act in such capacity, all upon, and subject to, the terms and conditions set forth below:

SECTION 1. Description
of Offerings.

(a) The
Shares are to be sold on a daily basis or otherwise as shall be determined by the Fund together with the Distributor or the Agent on any
day (each, an Offering Date) that is a trading day for the exchange on which the Shares are listed and primarily
trade (the Stock Exchange) (other than a day on which the Stock Exchange is scheduled to close prior to its regular
weekday closing time). Promptly after the Fund has determined the maximum amount of the Shares to be distributed by the Distributor for
any Offering Date, which shall not in any event exceed the amount available for issuance under the currently effective Registration Statement
(as defined herein) (the Maximum Daily Amount), and the Minimum Daily Price (as defined herein), the Distributor
shall advise the Agent of the Maximum Daily Amount and the Minimum Daily Price. Subject to the terms and conditions herein, the Agent
shall use its reasonable best efforts to sell all of the Shares designated in accordance with the plan of distribution set forth in the
Prospectus Supplement (as defined herein); provided, however, that in no event shall the Agent sell Shares in excess of the Maximum Daily
Amount or for a price per Share below the Minimum Daily Price. The gross sales price of the Shares sold under this Section 1(a) shall
be the market price at which the Agent sells such Shares. The Minimum Daily Price means the minimum price per Share
below which the Shares may not be sold by the Agent on any Offering Date, which shall not in any event be less than the current net asset
value of such Shares (which net asset value shall be determined as of a time within twenty-four (24) hours, excluding Saturdays,
Sundays and holidays, next preceding the time of such determination), plus the per Share amount of the commission to be paid to the Distributor.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Distributor or the Fund may instruct the Agent by telephone (confirmed promptly by e-mail or other
electronic means) of a revised Minimum Daily Price and/or a revised Maximum Daily Amount and the Agent shall not sell Shares for a price
per Share below such revised Minimum Daily Price, or in a quantity in excess of such revised Maximum Daily Amount, after the giving of
such notice. In addition, the Fund, or the Distributor in consultation with the Fund, may, upon notice to the Agent by telephone (confirmed
promptly by e-mail or other electronic means), suspend the offering of the Shares at any time; provided, however, that such
suspension or termination shall not affect or impair the parties respective obligations with respect to the Shares sold hereunder
prior to the giving of such notice.

(c) The
Agent agrees not to make any sales of the Shares pursuant to this Section 1, other than through transactions for which compliance
with Rule 153 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Securities
Act), will satisfy the prospectus delivery requirements of Section 5(b)(2) of the Securities Act.

(d) The
compensation to the Agent, as a sub-placement agent for each sale of the Shares pursuant to this Section 1, shall
be the Applicable Selling Agent Commission (as set forth on the Addendum hereto) with respect to the Shares sold, multiplied by the Gross
Sales Proceeds (the Agent Compensation), as further described in the Addendum to this Amended and Restated
Sub-Placement Agent Agreement (the Agreement). The Agent shall not be responsible for any fees imposed by any governmental
or self-regulatory organization on the Fund or the Distributor in respect of such sales. The Distributor may pay the Agent Compensation
to the Agent, or may authorize the Agent to retain the Agent Compensation from the Gross Sales Proceeds. The Agent Compensation shall
be payable solely out of the compensation the Distributor receives from the Fund pursuant to the Distribution Agreement (the Related
Compensation). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any other provision of this Agreement (or, for the avoidance of
doubt, in the Addendum hereto), the Distributor shall have no obligation to pay any portion of the Agent Compensation to the Agent, or
authorize the retention by the Agent of any portion of the Agent Compensation from the Gross Sales Proceeds, until the Distributor receives
at least an equivalent amount of Related Compensation, and the Distributors obligation to the Agent for the Agent Compensation
is limited solely to amounts payable out of the Related Compensation.

(e) The
Agent shall provide written confirmation to the Distributor following the close of trading on the Stock Exchange on each Offering Date
setting forth for each sale the number of Shares sold, the time of sale, the Gross Sales Price per Share, and the compensation that the
Agent is owed with respect to such sales.

(f) Settlement
for sales of the Shares pursuant to this Section 1 will occur on the first business day following the date on which such sales are
made (each such day, a Settlement Date), unless otherwise agreed in accordance with the Distribution Agreement. On
each Settlement Date, the Shares sold through the Agent for settlement on such date shall be delivered by the Fund at the request of the
Distributor to the Agent against payment of (i) the Gross Sales Proceeds for the sale of such Shares or (ii) to the extent authorized
by the Distributor, the Gross Sales Proceeds, less the Related Compensation. If the Agent is authorized by the Distributor to retain the
Agent Compensation from the Gross Sales Proceeds for the sale of the Shares, then the Agent shall (i) pay to the Distributor an amount
equal to the Related Compensation minus the Agent Compensation in same day funds delivered to the account(s) designated by the Distributor
and (ii) remit to the Fund the Gross Sales Proceeds, less the Related Compensation. If the Distributor shall default on its obligation
to deliver the Shares on any Settlement Date, subject to the terms of Section 5 herein, the Distributor shall (A) hold the Agent
harmless against any reasonable loss, claim or damage arising from or as a result of such default by the Distributor and (B) pay
the Agent any commission to which it would otherwise be entitled absent such default. If the Agent breaches this Agreement by failing
to deliver proceeds on any Settlement Date for the Shares delivered by the Distributor, subject to the terms of Section 5 herein,
the Agent shall (A) hold the Distributor harmless against any reasonable loss, claim or damage arising from or as a result of such
default by the Agent, (B) deliver such proceeds to the Distributor as soon as practicable and (C) pay the Distributor interest
based on the effective overnight Federal Funds rate.

2 

(g) In
connection with this Agreement and the Offerings, the Distributor shall, no more than once per calendar quarter in which the Fund and
the Distributor have requested, or anticipate requesting, that the Agent sell Shares pursuant to an Offering, provide to the Agent such
certificates and other documents, in any case, as the Agent may reasonably request upon reasonable notice (but in no event upon notice
of less than five business days) relating to authorization, capacity, enforceability and compliance matters. Any such certifications shall
be made as of the end of the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter in which such request by the Agent is made.

(h) In
connection with this Agreement and the Offerings, the Agent will promptly notify the Fund and the Distributor of any material non-confidential claim or
complaint, any material enforcement action or other material proceeding by a regulatory authority with respect to the Fund, the Shares
or the Offerings against or directed at or to the Agent or its principals, affiliates, officers, directors, employees or agents, or any
person who controls the Agent, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act.

(i) In
connection with this Agreement and the Offerings, the Agent will promptly notify the Fund and the Distributor of any examination by any
regulatory agency or self-regulatory organization that has resulted in a material compliance deficiency in connection with the Offerings.

(j) The
Agent shall timely file with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) all sales literature and other
filings that may be required in connection with the Offerings.

SECTION 2. Representations
and Warranties by the Distributor. The Distributor represents, warrants to and agrees with the Agent, as of the date hereof and as
of each Offering Date and Settlement Date, that:

(a) Based
upon the representations made by the Fund to the Distributor in the Distribution Agreement, a registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-278194 and 811-22499)
(the Registration Statement) (i) has been prepared by the Fund in conformity with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the 1940 Act)
in all material respects; (ii) has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
under the Securities Act and the 1940 Act; and (iii) heretofore became, and is, effective; the Registration Statement sets forth
the terms of the offering, sale and plan of distribution of the Shares and contains additional information concerning the Fund and its
business; no stop order of the Commission preventing or suspending the use of the Basic Prospectus (as defined herein), the Prospectus
Supplement (as defined herein) or the Prospectus (as defined herein), or the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, has been issued,
and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or, to the Funds knowledge, have been threatened by the Commission. Except
where the context otherwise requires, Registration Statement, as used herein, means, collectively, the various parts
of the registration statement, as amended at the time of effectiveness for purposes of Section 11 of the Securities Act (the Effective
Time), as such section applies to the Distributor, including (1) all documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein, and (2) any information contained or incorporated by reference in a prospectus
filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, to the extent such information is deemed to be part of the
registration statement at the Effective Time. Basic Prospectus, as used herein, means the final prospectus filed
as part of the Registration Statement, including the related statement of additional information, together with any amendments or supplements
thereto as of the date of the Agreement. Except where the context otherwise requires, Prospectus Supplement, as used
herein, means the final prospectus supplement, including the related statement of additional information, relating to the Shares, filed
by the Fund with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, in the form furnished by the Fund to the Distributor
in connection with the offering of the Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, Prospectus, as used herein,
means the Prospectus Supplement together with the Basic Prospectus attached to or used with the Prospectus Supplement. Any reference herein
to the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include
the documents, if any, incorporated by reference, or deemed to be incorporated by reference, therein.

3 

(b) Based
upon the representations made by the Fund to the Distributor in the Distribution Agreement, (i) the Fund is duly registered under
the 1940 Act as a closed-end management investment company; (ii) a notification of registration of the Fund as
an investment company under the 1940 Act on Form N-8A (the 1940 Act Notification) has been prepared
by the Fund in conformity with the 1940 Act and has been filed with the Commission and, at the time of filing thereof and at the time
of filing any amendment or supplement thereto, conformed in all material respects with all applicable provisions of the 1940 Act; (iii) the
Fund has not received any notice in writing from the Commission pursuant to Section 8(e) of the 1940 Act with respect to the 1940
Act Notification or the Registration Statement (or any amendment or supplement to either of them); and (iv) no person is serving
or acting as an officer, trustee or investment adviser of the Fund except in accordance with the provisions of the 1940 Act, provided
that for purposes of the foregoing representation with respect to officers and trustees of the Fund, the Fund shall be entitled to rely
on representations from such officers and trustees.

(c) Based
upon the representations made by the Fund to the Distributor in the Distribution Agreement, the Registration Statement, the 1940 Act Notification
and the Prospectus, as from time to time amended or supplemented, each complied when it became effective or was filed (as the case may
be), complies as of the date hereof and, as amended or supplemented, will comply, at each time of purchase of Shares in connection with
each Offering, and at all times during which a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with any sale
of Shares, in all material respects, with the requirements of the Securities Act and the 1940 Act; the Registration Statement did not,
as of the Effective Time, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; at no time during the period that begins on the earlier of the date of the
Basic Prospectus or the date the Basic Prospectus was filed with the Commission and ends at the later of each time of purchase of Shares
in connection with each Offering or the end of the period during which a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered
in connection with any sale of Shares, did or will the Prospectus, as from time to time amended or supplemented, include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Distributor does not make any representation or warranty with
respect to any statement contained in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus or the Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity
with information furnished in writing by the Agent or on the Agents behalf to the Distributor or the Fund expressly for use in
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (the Agent Provided Information). The Agent confirms that (i) the
Agents name on the front cover and under the headings Prospectus Supplement Summary The Offering and Plan
of Distribution in the Prospectus Supplement and (ii) the tenth paragraph and the second sentence in the eleventh paragraph
under the heading Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus Supplement was the only information furnished in writing to the
Distributor or the Fund by or on behalf of the Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement or Prospectus.

4 

(d) Based
upon the representations made by the Fund to the Distributor in the Distribution Agreement, the financial statements incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, together with the related notes and schedules, (i) present fairly in all materials
respects the financial position of the Fund as of the dates indicated and the results of operations, cash flows and changes in shareholders
equity of the Fund for the periods specified and (ii) have been prepared in compliance in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act, the 1940 Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively,
the Exchange Act), and in conformity in all material respects with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved; the other financial and statistical data contained or incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus are accurately and fairly presented, in all material respects, and prepared on a basis
consistent with the financial statements and books and records of the Fund in all material respects; there are no financial statements
that are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus or the Prospectus by
the Securities Act, the 1940 Act or the Exchange Act that are not included or incorporated by reference as required; and the Fund does
not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations),
not described in the Registration Statement (excluding the exhibits thereto).

(e) Based
upon the representations made by the Fund to the Distributor in the Distribution Agreement, as of the date of this Agreement, the Fund
has an authorized and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus and the Prospectus and,
with respect to any issuance and sale under this Agreement, the Fund shall have as of the date of the most recent amendment or supplement
to the Registration Statement or Prospectus, an authorized and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement and
the Prospectus; all of the issued and outstanding shares of beneficial interest of the Fund have been duly authorized and validly issued
and are fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in material compliance with all applicable securities laws
and were not issued in violation of any preemptive right, resale right, right of first refusal or similar right.

5 

(f) Based
upon the representations made by the Fund to the Distributor in the Distribution Agreement, (i) the Fund has been duly formed, has
legal existence as a statutory trust and is in good standing under the laws of Delaware, with full power and authority to own, lease and
operate and conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus and the Prospectus and to issue, sell
and deliver the Shares as contemplated herein; and (ii) the Fund is duly qualified to do business as a foreign entity and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction where the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified
and in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the business, properties, financial
condition or results of operations of the Fund.

(g) Based
upon the representations made by the Fund to the Distributor in the Distribution Agreement, (i) the Shares have been duly and validly
authorized and, when issued and delivered against payment therefor as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free
of statutory and contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal and similar rights; (ii) the Shares, when
issued and delivered against payment therefor as provided herein, will be free of any restriction upon the voting or transfer thereof
pursuant to the Funds Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust, as further amended or supplemented, the Funds
Amended and Restated By-Laws, as further amended or supplemented, or any agreement or other instrument to which the Fund is a party; (iii) the
Common Shares, including the Shares, conform in all material respects to the description thereof, if any, contained or incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus or the Prospectus; (iv) the certificates for the Shares, if any, are
in due and proper form; (v) the Fund is in material compliance with the rules of the Stock Exchange, including, without limitation,
the requirements for continued listing of the Common Shares on the Stock Exchange and the Fund has not received any written notice from
the Stock Exchange regarding the delisting of the Common Shares from the Stock Exchange; and (vi) the Shares will be duly listed,
and admitted and authorized for trading, subject to official notice of issuance, on the Stock Exchange.

(h) The
Distributor has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Distributor. Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Agent, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Distributor and is enforceable against the Distributor in
accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability hereof and thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and moratorium laws in effect from time to time and by equitable principles
restricting the availability of equitable remedies.

6 

(i) Based
upon the representations made by the Fund to the Distributor in the Distribution Agreement, no approval, authorization, consent or order
of or filing with any federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory commission, board, body, authority or agency, or of
or with any self-regulatory organization or other non-governmental regulatory authority (including, without limitation,
the Stock Exchange), or approval of the shareholders of the Fund that has not already been obtained, is required in connection with the
issuance and sale of the Shares or the consummation by the Fund of the transactions contemplated hereby, other than (i) the registration
of the Shares under the Securities Act, which has been effected, (ii) the listing of the Shares with the Stock Exchange, upon official
notice of issuance, (iii) any necessary qualification under the securities or blue sky laws of the various jurisdictions in which
the Shares are being offered through the Agent or (iv) any necessary qualification pursuant to the rules of FINRA.

SECTION 3. Representations
and Warranties by the Agent. The Agent represents, warrants to and agrees with the Distributor, as of the date hereof and as of each
Offering Date and Settlement Date, that:

(a) The
Agent has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has
been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Agent. Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Distributor, this
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Agent and is enforceable against the Agent in accordance with its terms, except
as the enforceability hereof and thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally and moratorium laws in effect from time to time and by equitable principles restricting the availability
of equitable remedies.

(b) The
Agent Provided Information is or will be complete and accurate in all material respects and does not or will not, as from time to time
amended or supplemented, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(c) The
Agent has adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of federal and state securities
laws, including policies and procedures that provide oversight of compliance by each registered representative of the Agent.

SECTION 4. Additional
Covenants.

(a) The
Agent hereby confirms that it is actually engaged in the investment banking and securities business and is a member in good standing with
FINRA and hereby agrees that it will undertake to comply with all applicable FINRA rules (as amended from time to time, including without
limitation, any successor provision) in connection with acting as sub-placement agent for the sale of the Shares.
The Agent further agrees that in acting as sub-placement agent for the sale of the Shares, it will comply with all applicable
laws, rules and regulations, including the applicable provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the 1940 Act, and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, and the applicable rules and regulations of any state or any securities exchange or
self-regulatory organization having jurisdiction over the relevant Offering.

7 

(b) The
Agent hereby agrees that in acting as sub-placement agent for the sale of the Shares, it will not use, authorize use
of, refer to, or participate in the planning for use of any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) concerning
any Offering, other than the Prospectus. The Agent further agrees that in acting as sub-placement agent for the sale of
the Shares, it is not authorized by the Distributor or the Fund or any other seller of the Shares offered pursuant to the Prospectus to
give any information or to make any representation not contained in the Prospectus in connection with the sale of such Shares.

(c) The
Distributor shall not be under any obligation to the Agent except for obligations assumed hereunder or in writing by the Distributor in
connection with any Offering. Nothing contained herein or in any communication in writing from us shall constitute the Distributor and
the Agent an association or partners with one another. If such parties should be deemed to constitute a partnership for Federal income
tax purposes, then the Agent elects to be excluded from the application of Subchapter K, Chapter 1, Subtitle A of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 and agrees not to take any position inconsistent with that election. The Agent authorizes the Distributor, in its discretion,
to execute and file on its behalf such evidence of that election as may be required by the Internal Revenue Service. In connection with
any Offering, each party shall be liable for its proportionate amount of any tax, claim, demand or liability that may be asserted against
it alone, based upon the claim that either of them constitutes an association, an unincorporated business or other entity, including,
in each case, its proportionate amount of any expense incurred in defending against any such tax, claim, demand or liability.

(d) The
parties acknowledge and agree that all share-related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted to take into account any stock
split effected with respect to the Shares.

(e) The
Agent shall at all times comply with the offering requirements as set forth herein and under the heading Plan of Distribution
in the Prospectus.

(f) The
Agent will limit its interest in any Offering solely to the Applicable Selling Agent Commission, which shall not exceed the usual and
customary distributors or selling agents commission in the Offerings.

(g) The
Agent has not and will not, acting alone or in concert with others, initiate or direct the formation of an underwriting syndicate in any
Offering.

SECTION 5. Indemnification
and Contribution.

(a) The
Distributor agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Agent, its partners, directors and officers, and any person who controls
the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, and the successors and assigns
of all of the foregoing persons, from and against any reasonable loss, damage, expense, liability or claim (including the reasonable cost
of investigation) which the Agent or any such person may incur under the Securities Act, the 1940 Act, the Exchange Act, the common law
or otherwise, insofar as such loss, damage, expense, liability or claim (or any actions or proceedings in respect thereof) arises out
of or is based upon (i) any material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Distributor contained in
this Agreement, (ii) any material violation by the Distributor of any law, rule or regulation (including any rule of any self-regulatory
organization) applicable to the Offerings, or (iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact appearing
in the Registration Statement or Prospectus or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, except to the extent
such statements were included in the Registration Statement or Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agent Provided Information.

8 

(b) The
Agent agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Distributor, the Fund, their partners, trustees, directors and officers, and any
person who controls the Distributor or the Fund within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the
Exchange Act, and the successors and assigns of all of the foregoing persons, from and against any loss, damage, expense, liability or
claim (including the reasonable cost of investigation) which the Distributor, the Fund or any such other person may incur under the Securities
Act, the 1940 Act, the Exchange Act, the common law or otherwise, insofar as such loss, damage, expense, liability or claim (or any actions
or proceedings in respect thereof) arises out of or is based upon (i) any material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement of the Agent contained in this Agreement or (ii) any material violation by the Agent of any law, rule or regulation
(including any rule of any self-regulatory organization), or (iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or
alleged omission made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agent Provided Information.

(c) An
indemnified person under Section 5 of this Agreement (the Indemnified Party) shall give written notice to the
other party (the Indemnifying Party) of any loss, damage, expense, liability or claim in respect of which the Indemnifying
Party has a duty to indemnify such Indemnified Party under Section 5(a) or (b) of this Agreement (a Claim),
specifying in reasonable detail the nature of the loss, damage, expense, liability or claim for which indemnification is sought, except
that any delay or failure so to notify such Indemnifying Party shall only relieve such Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder
to the extent, if at all, that such Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by reason of such delay or failure.

(d) If
a Claim results from any action, suit or proceeding brought or asserted against an Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party shall assume
the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees
and expenses. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in such action, suit or proceeding and participate
in such defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified Party unless (i) the
Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (ii) the Indemnifying Party has failed within a reasonable
time to assume the defense and employ counsel or (iii) the named parties to any such action, suit or proceeding (including any impleaded
parties) include both such Indemnified Party and Indemnifying Party and such Indemnified Party shall have been advised by its counsel
that representation of such Indemnified Party and Indemnifying Party by the same counsel would be inappropriate under applicable standards
of professional conduct (whether or not such representation by the same counsel has been proposed) due to actual or potential differing
interests between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party (in which case the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume
the defense of such action, suit or proceeding on behalf of such Indemnified Party). It is understood, however, that the Indemnifying
Party shall, in connection with any one action, suit or proceeding or separate but substantially similar or related actions, suits or
proceedings in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances be liable for the reasonable fees and
expenses of only one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to any local counsel) at any time for all such Indemnified Parties not having
actual or potential differing interests with the Indemnifying Party or among themselves, which firm shall be designated in writing by
an authorized representative of such parties and that all such fees and expenses shall be reimbursed promptly as they are incurred. The
Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such action, suit or proceeding effected without its written consent,
but if settled with such written consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff in any such action, suit or proceeding, the
Indemnifying Party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless any Indemnified Party from and against any loss, liability, damage or expense
by reason by such settlement or judgment.

9 

(e) With
respect to any Claim not within Paragraph (d) of Section 5 hereof, the Indemnifying Party shall have 20 days from receipt of
notice from the Indemnified Party of such Claim within which to respond thereto. If the Indemnifying Party does not respond within such twenty-day period, it
shall be deemed to have accepted responsibility to make payment and shall have no further right to contest the validity of such Claim.
If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party within such twenty-day period that it rejects such Claim
in whole or in part, the Indemnified Party shall be free to pursue such remedies as may be available to the Indemnified Party under applicable
law.

(f) If
the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified
Party harmless in respect of any losses, damages, expenses, liabilities or claims referred to therein, then each applicable Indemnifying
Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such losses, damages, expenses, liabilities
or claims in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Indemnified Party, on the one
hand, and the Indemnifying Party, on the other hand, from the offering of the Shares; or (ii) if, but only if, the allocation provided
for in clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits
referred to in clause (i) but also the relative fault of the Indemnified Party, on the one hand, and of the Indemnifying Party, on
the other, in connection with any statements or omissions or other matters which resulted in such losses, damages, expenses, liabilities
or claims, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Distributor, on the one hand,
and the Agent, on the other, shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total compensation received by the Distributor
from sales of the Shares bears to the total compensation received by the Agent from sales of the Shares. The relative fault of the parties
hereto shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact or omission or alleged omission relates to information supplied by such party, on one hand, or by the other party, on the other hand,
and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
The amount paid or payable by a party hereto as a result of the losses, damages, expenses, liabilities and claims referred to in this
subsection shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating,
preparing to defend or defending any proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant
to this Section 5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable
considerations referred to in this subsection (f). No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f)
of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this subsection (f), the Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions
received by it under this Agreement.

10 

(g) The
indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section 5 and the covenants, warranties and representations of the parties
contained in this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent, its
partners, directors or officers or any person (including each partner, officer or director of such person) who controls the Agent within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, or by or on behalf of the Distributor, its
directors or officers or any person who controls the Distributor within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20
of the Exchange Act, and shall survive any termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Shares.

(h) IN
NO EVENT WILL ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PERSON OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL
OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES.

SECTION 6. Termination.

(a) This
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until terminated by either party, including by written instruction by the Fund to the
Distributor, by five (5) days written notice to the other party; provided that if this Agreement has become effective with
respect to any Offering pursuant to this Agreement, this Agreement may not be terminated by either party with respect to such Offering;
provided further that this Agreement shall terminate automatically upon termination of the Distribution Agreement.

(b) This
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof or otherwise by mutual agreement
of the parties; provided that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be deemed to provide that Section 5 shall
remain in full force and effect.

(c) Any
termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided that in any event such
termination shall not be effective until any earlier than the close of business on the fifth day after receipt of such notice by the Distributor
or the Agent, as the case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of the Shares, such sale shall
settle in accordance with the provisions of Section 1 of this Agreement.

11 

SECTION 7. Notices.
Except as otherwise herein provided, all statements, requests, notices and agreements under this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered
by hand, overnight courier, mail or email and shall be sufficient in all respects if delivered or sent to:

If to the Distributor:

Foreside Fund Services, LLC

Three Canal Plaza, Suite 100

Portland, Maine 04101

Attn: Legal Department

Email: legal@foreside.com

For all operational notices or communications: etp-services@foreside.com

If to the Agent:

UBS Securities LLC

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Saawan Pathange

Email: saawan.pathange@ubs.com

Each party to this Agreement may change such address
for notices by sending to the parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose.

SECTION 8. Parties
in Interest. The Agreement herein set forth has been and is made solely for the benefit of the Distributor, the Fund and the Agent
and, to the extent provided in Section 5 of this Agreement, the partners, trustees, directors, officers and controlling persons (within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) referred to in such section, and their respective
successors and assigns. No other person, partnership, association or corporation (including a purchaser, as such purchaser, from the Distributor)
shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this Agreement.

SECTION 9. No Fiduciary
Relationship. The Distributor hereby acknowledges that the Agent is acting solely as sub-placement agent in connection
with the sale of the Shares and that the Agent is acting pursuant to a contractual relationship created solely by this Agreement entered
into on an arms length basis, and in no event do the parties intend that the Agent act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the
Distributor or the Fund, their respective management, shareholders or creditors, or any other person in connection with any activity that
the Agent may undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of the sale of the Shares, either before or after the date hereof.

SECTION 10. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings,
both written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof.

SECTION 11. Counterparts;
Heading. This Agreement may be signed by the parties in one or more counterparts which together shall constitute one and the same
agreement among the parties. The Section headings in this Agreement have been inserted as a matter of convenience of reference and are
not a part of this Agreement.

12 

SECTION 12. Law;
Construction. This Agreement and any claim, counterclaim or dispute of any kind or nature whatsoever arising out of or in any way
relating to this Agreement (Dispute), directly or indirectly, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
the internal laws of the State of New York.

SECTION 13. Submission
to Jurisdiction. Except as set forth below, no Dispute may be commenced, prosecuted or continued in any court other than the courts
of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York, which courts shall have jurisdiction over the adjudication of such matters, and each party hereto consents to the jurisdiction
of such courts and personal service with respect thereto. Each party hereto hereby consents to personal jurisdiction, service and venue
in any court in which any Dispute arising out of or in any way relating to this Agreement is brought by any third party against any Indemnified
Party. Each party hereto (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates)
waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim (whether based upon contract, tort or otherwise) in any way
arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Each party hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action, proceeding or counterclaim
brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon such party and may be enforced in any other courts of the jurisdiction
of which such party is or may be subject, by suit upon such judgment.

SECTION 14. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Distributor and the Agent and their successors and permitted assigns and any
successor or permitted assign of any substantial portion of the Distributors or the Agents respective businesses and/or
assets.

This Agreement may not be
transferred or assigned without the consent of the non-transferring or non-assigning party; provided, however, that no such consent shall
be required to transfer or assign this Agreement to an entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with, the transferring
or assigning party.

SECTION 15. Severability.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law. If, however, any provision of this Agreement is held, under applicable law, to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect,
such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired in any way and shall be interpreted to give effect to the intent of the
parties manifested thereby.

SECTION 16. Investigations
and Proceedings. The parties to this Agreement agree to cooperate fully in any securities regulatory investigation or proceeding or
any judicial proceeding with respect to each partys activities under this Agreement and promptly to notify the other party of any
such investigation or proceeding.

13 

SECTION 17. Modification,
Waiver and Amendment. No modification, alteration or amendment of this Agreement will be valid or binding unless in writing and signed
by all parties. No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement will be construed as a waiver of any other term or condition; nor
will any waiver of any default or breach under this Agreement be construed as a waiver of any other default or breach. No waiver will
be binding unless in writing and signed by the party waiving the term, condition, default or breach. Any failure or delay by any party
to enforce any of its rights under this Agreement will not be deemed a continuing waiver or modification hereof and such party, within
the time provided by law, may commence appropriate legal proceedings to enforce any or all of such right.

[The remainder of this
page is intentionally left blank]

14 

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Distributor and the Agent, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose,
whereupon this Agreement and your acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement between the Distributor and the Agent. Alternatively,
the execution of this Agreement by the Distributor and the acceptance by or on behalf of the Agent may be evidenced by an exchange of
telegraphic or other written communications.

Very truly yours, 

FORESIDE FUND SERVICES, LLC 

By: /s/ Teresa Cowan 

Name: Teresa Cowan 

Title: President 

ACCEPTED as of the date

first above written

UBS SECURITIES LLC

(as sub-placement agent)

By: /s/ Saawan Pathange 

Name: Saawan Pathange 

Title: Managing Director 

By: /s/ YiLin Anderson 

Name: YiLin Anderson 

Title: Executive Director 

[Signature Page for Amended and Restated
Sub-Placement Agent Agreement for NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund]

ADDENDUM

TO

AMENDED AND RESTATED SUB-PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT

BETWEEN

FORESIDE FUND SERVICES,
LLC

AND

UBS SECURITIES LLC

Compensation payable to the
Agent for acting as a sub-placement agent with respect to a specified sale of Shares pursuant to this Agreement shall
be determined by multiplying the Gross Sales Proceeds by the Applicable Selling Agent Commission as set forth below:

Applicable

Selling Agent

Commission

0.80%

Where:

Gross Sales Proceeds
with respect to each sale of Shares shall be the Gross Sales Price multiplied by the number of Shares sold;

Gross Sales Price
with respect to each sale of Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement shall be the gross sales price per share of such Shares.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>fp0092707-1_ex51.htm
<TEXT>
Skadden, Arps,
Slate, Meagher & Flom llp

320 SOUTH CANAL
STREET

Chicago, Illinois
60606-5707

TEL: (312) 407-0700

FAX: (312) 407-0411

www.skadden.com

March 14, 2025

NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund

One Energy Square

4925 Greenville Avenue, Suite 1310

Dallas, Texas 75206

Re: NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund 

Offering of Common Shares 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special United
States counsel to NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund, a statutory trust (the Trust) created under the Delaware Statutory
Trust Act (the DSTA), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Trust of up to 1,450,000 shares (the Shares)
of common shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.001 per share of the Trust (the Common Shares), pursuant to the Distribution
Agreement, dated March 14, 2025 (the Distribution Agreement), between the Trust and Foreside Fund Services, LLC.

This opinion is being furnished
in accordance with the requirements of sub-paragraph (l) of item 25.2 of part C of Form N-2 under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities
Act) and the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act).

In rendering the opinions stated
herein, we have examined and relied upon the following:

(i)

the
notification of registration on Form N-8A (File No. 811-22499) of the Trust filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
under the 1940 Act on November 29, 2010;

(ii)

the
registration statement on Form N-2 (File Nos. 333-278194 and 811-22499) of the Trust relating to the Shares and other securities of the
Trust, filed with the Commission on March 22, 2024 under the Securities Act and the 1940 Act, allowing for delayed offerings pursuant
to Rule 415 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act (the Rules and Regulations) and Pre-Effective
Amendments Nos. 1 and 2 thereto, including the information deemed to be a part of the registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B of
the Rules and Regulations and the Notice of Effectiveness of the Commission posted on its website declaring such registration statement
effective on June 10, 2024 (such registration statement, as so amended, being hereinafter referred to as the Registration Statement);

NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund

March 14, 2025

Page 2

(iii)

the
prospectus and Statement of Additional Information, each dated June 10, 2024 (the Base Prospectus), in the form filed with
the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations;

(iv)

the
prospectus supplement, dated March 14, 2025 (together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus), relating to the offering
of the Shares, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations;

(v)

an
executed copy of a certificate of Brad Mead, Secretary of the Trust, dated the date hereof (the Secretarys Certificate);

(vi)

a
copy of the Trusts Certificate of Trust dated November 16, 2010 (the Certificate of Trust), certified by the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware as of March 14, 2025, and certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate;

(vii)

a
copy of the Trusts Second Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust, by the Board of Trustees of the Trust (the Board
of Trustees), dated as of July 26, 2012, as amended by Certificates of Amendment to the Trusts Second Amended and Restated
Declaration of Trust, dated March 26, 2020 and October 18, 2022, by the Board of Trustees (as so amended, the Declaration of Trust),
certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate;

(viii)

a
copy of the Trusts Amended and Restated By-Laws, as amended and in effect as of November 13, 2024 and as of the date hereof and
certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate;

(ix)

copies
of certain resolutions of the Board of Trustees adopted on November 16, 2023 and March 14, 2025, relating to the registration of the Shares
and related matters, certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate;

(x)

a
certificate, dated the date hereof, from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware with respect to the Trusts existence and
good standing in the State of Delaware; and

(xi)

an
executed copy of the Distribution Agreement.

We have also examined originals
or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such records of the Trust and such agreements, certificates and receipts
of public officials, certificates of officers or other representatives of the Trust and others, and such other documents as we have deemed
necessary or appropriate as a basis for the opinions stated below.

NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund

March 14, 2025

Page 3

In our examination, we have assumed
the genuineness of all signatures, including electronic signatures, the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the authenticity
of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as facsimile, electronic,
certified or photocopied copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. As to any facts relevant to the opinions stated
herein that we did not independently establish or verify, we have relied upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives
of the Trust and others and of public officials, including the facts and conclusions set forth in the Secretarys Certificate.

We do not express any opinion with
respect to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the DSTA. The Shares may be issued from time to time on a delayed or continuous basis,
and this opinion is limited to the laws, including the rules and regulations, as in effect on the date hereof, which laws are subject
to change with possible retroactive effect.

As used herein, Organizational
Documents means those documents listed in paragraphs (vi) through (viii) above.

Based upon the foregoing and subject
to the qualifications and assumptions stated herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized by all requisite
statutory trust action on the part of the Trust under the DSTA and, when the Shares are issued and sold in accordance with the provisions
of the Distribution Agreement upon payment of the consideration therefor determined by the Board of Trustees, the Shares will be validly
issued and fully paid, and under the DSTA, the holders of the Shares will have no obligation to make further payments for the purchase
of such Shares or contributions to the Trust solely by reason of their ownership of such Shares except as provided in Article VIII, Section
2 of the Declaration of Trust and except for their obligation to repay any funds wrongfully distributed to them.

In rendering the foregoing opinions
we have assumed that, at all applicable times:

(a)

the
Organizational Documents constitute the only governing instruments, as defined under the DSTA, of the Trust;

(b)

the
Trust has, and since the time of its formation has had, at least one validly admitted and existing trustee of the Trust satisfying the
requirements of the DSTA;

(c)

(i)
no procedures have been instituted for and no other event has occurred, including, without limitation, any action taken by the Trust or
its Board of Trustees or shareholders, as applicable, that would result in the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Trust, (ii)
no event has occurred that has adversely affected the good standing of the Trust under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, and
the Trust has taken all actions required by the laws of its jurisdiction of formation to maintain such good standing, and (iii) no grounds
exist for the revocation or forfeiture of the Certificate of Trust; and

NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund

March 14, 2025

Page 4

(d)

any
Shares issued and sold pursuant to the Distribution Agreement are sold at a price that is not below either (i) the par value per Common
Share or (ii) the then current net asset value per Common Share, exclusive of any distributing commission or discount, which net asset
value shall be determined as of a time within forty-eight hours, excluding Sundays and holidays, next preceding the time of such determination.

NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund

March 14, 2025

Page 5

We hereby consent to the reference
to our firm under the headings Legal Matters in the Prospectus forming part of the Registration Statement and General
InformationLegal Matters in the statement of additional information forming part of the Registration Statement. We also
hereby consent to the filing or incorporation by reference of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. In giving this
consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities
Act or the Rules and Regulations This opinion is expressed as of the date hereof unless otherwise expressly stated, and we disclaim any
undertaking to advise you of any subsequent changes in the facts stated or assumed herein or of any subsequent changes in applicable laws.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP

KTH
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nxg-20250317.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nxg-20250317_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nxg-20250317_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 811-22499

Entity Registrant Name NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund

Entity Central Index Key 0001506488

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-0742000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One One Energy Square

Entity Address, Address Line Two 4925 Greenville Ave.

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite 1310

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75201

City Area Code (214)

Local Phone Number 692-6334

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Shares of Beneficial Interest

Trading Symbol NXG

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nxgim.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fp0092707-1_8kixbrl.htm 
nxg-20250317.xsd 
nxg-20250317_lab.xml 
nxg-20250317_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001398344-25-005675-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>fp0092707-1_8kixbrl_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001506488 

2025-03-17 
2025-03-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001506488 
8-K 
2025-03-17 
NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund 
DE 
811-22499 
46-0742000 
One Energy Square 
4925 Greenville Ave. 
Suite 1310 
Dallas 
TX 
75201 
(214) 
692-6334 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares of Beneficial Interest 
NXG 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>