<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-007796.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-007796.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221090403
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-007796
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freight Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001687542
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38172
		FILM NUMBER:		25648642

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2001 TIMBERLOCH PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(773) 905-5076

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2001 TIMBERLOCH PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77380

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hudson Capital Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200507

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	China Internet Nationwide Financial Services, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161014
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000168754200016875422025-02-142025-02-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) February 14, 2025

FREIGHT
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

British
Virgin Islands 001-38172 87-2792157

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

Identification No.)

2001
Timberloch Place, Suite 500, The Woodlands, TX 77380

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code (773) 905-5076

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Ordinary
Shares, no par value FRGT The
NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging
Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

Resignation
of Directors 

Effective
February 14, 2025, Paul Freudenthaler and William Samuels submitted their resignations as directors to the board of directors (the Board
or the Board of Directors) of Freight Technologies, Inc. (the Company). Their resignations were not the result
of any dispute or disagreement with the Company or the Board. Mr. Freudenthaler will continue as the Company Secretary.

Appointment
of Directors

On
February 14, 2025, the Board approved the appointment of Leilei Nie and Andres Gonzalez as the directors of the Company.

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, indicating
the persons principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation
and employment were carried out:

Leilei
Nie

Leilei
Nie has been a member of the Board of Directors since February 2025. Ms. Nie is a Strategy and Business Project Management professional
with over 17 years of experience in financial services and fintech. She has been leading project management at X Star Technology, a leading
non-bank car financing institution in Singapore since January 2025. Previously, Ms. Nie was a Senior Project Manager at Fidelity Fund
Management (China) from May 2022 to June 2024 and a Senior Manager at Accenture from July 2021 to April 2022, focusing on financial services
in Greater China. From December 2016 to June 2021, she served as Deputy Director in the Strategy and CEO Office at OneConnect Financial
Technology, the fintech arm of Ping An Group in China. Her earlier roles include Strategy Manager at Commonwealth Bank of Australia (China)
from January 2014 to December 2016 and Senior Associate at Z-Ben Advisors from June 2012 to December 2013, advising global asset managers
on China market entry. Ms. Nie began her career in marketing roles at iFast Financial and Prudential Asset Management in Singapore from
June 2005 to July 2010. Ms. Nie earned an MBA from China Europe Business School in April 2012 and a Bachelors degree in Computing
from the National University of Singapore in May 2005. Ms. Nie is a Singaporean citizen.

Andres
Gonzalez

Andrs
Gonzlez been a member of the Board of Directors since February 2025. Since 2024, Mr. Gonzalez has served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Futura Reserva, an investment management company focused on the development and investment of residential, mixed-use, industrial,
and hospitality real estate projects in Mexico. Prior to joining Futura Reserva, Mr. Gonzlez served as Executive Vice President
and Managing Director of Capital Natural (now CREO) from October 2014 to May 2024. In this role, his responsibilities included leading
the development of large-scale projects such as Arboleda, Distrito Tec, Siendo, and Sofa 440 in Monterrey, and supervising the
planning & development of more than one million square meters of master-planned communities, commercial spaces, office buildings,
and residential properties. Additionally, Mr. Gonzlez was responsible for the creation and management of multiple business units,
including Property Management, CoBE, and Commercial Services. From February 2013 to October 2014, Mr. Gonzlez had held senior
management positions at Grupo MRP and Promologistics, where he was responsible for the oversight of infrastructure, shopping center,
and logistics projects at a national level, he led asset portfolios valued at over $1 billion. Mr. Gonzlez currently serves as
an independent board member of Terra Energy and has been an active participant in organizations such as Young Presidents Organization
since October 2021 and ECO since January 2025. He has also served as a faculty member for the Masters in Finance program at Egade
Business School, teaching at both the Monterrey and Santa Fe campuses from July 2021 to July 2023. Mr. Gonzalez earned a Bachelors
degree in Accounting and Finance from Tec de Monterrey in December 2004 and later obtained an MBA with a specialization in Finance from
Egade Business School in December 2016. Mr. Gonzalez further enhanced his expertise through leadership and management studies at Columbia
Business School in November 2018, Kellogg School of Management in May 2024 and Babson College in 2015.

On
February 19, 2025, pursuant to the approval of the Board, the Company entered into the Companys standard form of independent director
agreement (the Independent Director Agreement) with Ms. Nie and Mr. Gonzalez, respectively. Their initial terms as directors
will be subject to an annual approval of the Board until the directors removal or resignation. Under the Independent Director
Agreement, the Company will pay Ms. Nie and Mr. Gonzalez an annual cash fee of $24,000. The Company will pay or reimburse Ms. Nie and
Mr. Gonzalez for pre-approved reasonable business-related expenses incurred in good faith in the performance of the directors
duties for the Company. Either party of the Independent Director Agreement may each terminate the agreement at any time upon ten (10)
days written notice, and the Company shall be obligated to pay any compensation and expenses due up to the termination date.

On
February 19, 2025, in connection with Ms. Nie and
Mr. Gonzalez appointments as directors, each of Ms. Nie and Mr. Gonzalez entered into the Companys standard form of indemnification
agreement (the Indemnification Agreement), providing, among other things, for (i) indemnification of the directors to the
fullest extent permitted by the law of the State of New York, and as provided by, or granted pursuant to, any charter provision, its
Amended and Restated Memorandum Articles of Association against any and all expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in
settlement of any claim; and (ii) the advancement or payment of all expenses to the indemnitee and for reimbursement to the Company if
it is found that such indemnitee is not entitled to such indemnification under the law of the State of New York, and as provided by,
or granted pursuant to, any charter provision, its Amended and Restated Memorandum Articles of Association.

The
Independent Director Agreement and the Indemnification Agreement are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on
Form 8-K, and the description above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such exhibits.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
February 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointment of Leilei Nie and Andres Gonzalez to the Board.

The
information furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 (including Exhibit 99.1 hereto), shall not be deemed filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities
of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
Current Report on Form 8-K and the statements contained herein may include forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties.
Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or the Companys future financial or operating performance. In some
cases, you can identify these statements because they contain words such as may, will, believes,
expects, anticipates, estimates, projects, intends, should,
seeks, future, continue, plan, target, predict, potential,
or the negative of such terms, or other comparable terminology that concern the Companys expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions.
Forward-looking statements relating to expectations about future results or events are based upon information available to the Company
as of todays date and are not guarantees of the future performance of the Company, and actual results may vary materially from
the results and expectations discussed. The Companys expectations and beliefs regarding these matters may not materialize, and
actual results in future periods are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected, including risks and uncertainties described in the Companys Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings with the SEC. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning
the Company or other matters, and attributable to the Company or any person acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety
by the cautionary statements above. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any of these forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date hereof, except as required by law

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Form of Independent Director Agreement

10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement

99.1 Press Release dated February 21, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 21, 2025 Freight Technologies, Inc.

/s/
Javier Selgas

Name: Javier Selgas

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

INDEPENDENT
DIRECTOR AGREEMENT

INDEPENDENT
DIRECTOR AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated________ 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between
Freight Technologies, Inc., a British Virgin Island business company (the Company), and __________________ (hereinafter
referred to as the Director).

BACKGROUND

The
board of directors of the Company (the Board) desires to appoint the Director and to have the Director perform the
duties of an independent director and the Director desires to be so appointed for such position and to perform the duties required of
such position in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

AGREEMENT

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, the adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company and the Director hereby agree as follows:

1.
DUTIES. From and after the Effective Date, the Company requires that the Director be
available to perform the duties of an independent director customarily related to this function as may be determined and assigned by
the Board and as may be required by the Companys constituent instruments, including Memorandum and Articles of Association and
its corporate governance and board committee charters, each as amended or modified from time to time, and by applicable law, including
the BVI Business Companies Act (As Revised) (the Act). The Director agrees to devote as much time as is necessary
to perform completely the duties as a Director of the Company, including duties as a member of the Audit Committee and such other committees
as the Director may hereafter be appointed to. The Director will perform such duties described herein in accordance with the general
fiduciary duty of directors arising under the Act.

2.
TERM. The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date, and shall continue until the Directors removal or
resignation.

3.
COMPENSATION. Following the commencement of the term of this Agreement, for all services
to be rendered by the Director in any capacity hereunder, the Company agrees to compensate the Director a fee of $24,000 per year in
cash (the Annual Fee) and an additional fee of $24,000 per year in cash for serving as chairman of the Audit Committee
or $12,000 per year in cash for serving as chairman of the Compensation Committee (the Annual Chairman Service Fee),
which the Annual Fee and the Annual Chairman Service Fee shall be paid to the Director in four equal installments no later than the
seventh business day of each calendar quarter commencing in the first quarter following the date of this Agreement. The Director shall
be responsible for his or her own individual income tax payment on the Annual Fee in jurisdictions where the Director resides.

In
the event that the Director serves less than a full year on the Board, the Company shall only be obligated to pay the pro rata portion
of such Annual Fee and the Annual Chairman Service Fee to the Director for his services performed during such year. 

4.
EXPENSES. In addition to the compensation provided in paragraph 3 hereof, the Company will reimburse the Director for pre-approved
reasonable business related expenses incurred in good faith in the performance of the Directors duties for the Company. Such payments
shall be made by the Company upon submission by the Director of a signed statement itemizing the expenses incurred. Such statement shall
be accompanied by sufficient documentary matter to support the expenditures.

5.
CONFIDENTIALITY. The Company and the Director each acknowledge that, in order for the intents and purposes of this Agreement to be
accomplished, the Director shall necessarily be obtaining access to certain confidential information concerning the Company and its affairs,
including, but not limited to business methods, information systems, financial data and strategic plans which are unique assets of the
Company (Confidential Information). The Director covenants not to, either directly or indirectly, in any manner,
utilize or disclose to any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity any Confidential Information.

6.
NON-COMPETE. During the term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months following the Directors removal or resignation
from the Board of Directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (the Restricted Period), the
Director shall not, without prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, (i) provide the same or substantially the same
services that he or she provides to the Company to any business competitive with the Companys current lines of business or any
business then engaged in by the Company in the U.S., Mexico and Canada (the Market Area), any of its subsidiaries
or any of its affiliates (the Companys Business) for the Directors own benefit or for the benefit
of any person or entity other than the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate; or (ii) have any interest as owner, sole proprietor, shareholder,
partner, lender, director, officer, manager, employee, consultant, agent or otherwise in any business competitive with the Companys
Business; provided, however, that the Director may hold, directly or indirectly, solely as an investment, not more than
five percent (5%) of the outstanding securities of any person or entity which are listed on any national securities exchange or regularly
traded in the over-the-counter market notwithstanding the fact that such person or entity is engaged in a business competitive with the
Companys Business. Should the Company expand geographically beyond the Market Area, the Director shall notify the Company in writing
of any other services provided in those areas of the Companys geographic expansion. In addition, during the Restricted Period,
the Director shall not develop any property for use in the Companys Business on behalf of any person or entity other than the
Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates.

7.
TERMINATION. With or without cause, the Company and the Director may each terminate this Agreement at any time upon ten (10) days
written notice, and the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Director the compensation and expenses due up to the date of the termination.
Nothing contained herein or omitted herefrom shall prevent the shareholder(s) of the Company from removing the Director with immediate
effect at any time for any reason.

8.
INDEMNIFICATION. The Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Director, to the full extent allowed by the law of the
State of New York, and as provided by, or granted pursuant to, any charter provision, its Memorandum and Articles of Association,
agreement (including, without limitation, the Indemnification Agreement executed herewith), vote of shareholders or disinterested directors
or otherwise, both as to action in the Directors official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office.
The Company and the Director are executing an indemnification agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

2

9.
EFFECT OF WAIVER. The waiver by either party of the breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed
as a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof.

10.
NOTICE. Any and all notices referred to herein shall be sufficient if furnished in writing at the addresses specified on the signature
page hereto or, if to the Company, to the Companys address as specified in filings made by the Company with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission .

11.
GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with, and the rights of the parties hereto shall be determined by,
the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflicts of laws principles.

12.
ASSIGNMENT. The rights and benefits of the Company under this Agreement shall be transferable, and all the covenants and agreements
hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by or against, its successors and assigns. The duties and obligations of
the Director under this Agreement are personal and therefore the Director may not assign any right or duty under this Agreement without
the prior written consent of the Company.

13.
D&O INSURANCE. The Company shall purchase and maintain D&O Insurance to insure the Director in respect of the Directors
appointment as a director of the Company, throughout the term of this Agreement, until the Directors removal or resignation.

14.
MISCELLANEOUS. If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared invalid or illegal, for any reason whatsoever, then, notwithstanding
such invalidity or illegality, the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in the same
manner as if the invalid or illegal provision had not been contained herein.

15.
ARTICLE HEADINGS. The article headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

16.
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument.
Facsimile execution and delivery of this Agreement is legal, valid and binding for all purposes.

17.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. Except as provided elsewhere herein, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect
to its subject matter and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties,
whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party to this Agreement with respect to such subject matter.

[Signature
Page Follows]

3

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Independent Director Agreement to be duly executed and signed as of the day and
year first above written.

COMPANY:

Freight Technologies, Inc.

By: 

Name: Javier
Selgas

Title: Chief Executive Officer

DIRECTOR:

Name: 

Address: 

EXHIBIT
A

Indemnification
Agreement

(See
Attached)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT

INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated ________ 2025, by and between Freight Technologies, Inc., a British Virgin Island
corporation (the Company), and ________ (the Indemnitee).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
the Indemnitee has agreed to serve as a director or executive officer of the Company and in such capacity will render valuable services
to the Company;

WHEREAS,
both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors and executive
officers of public companies;

WHEREAS,
in order to induce and encourage highly experienced and capable persons such as the Indemnitee to serve as directors and officers of
the Company, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that it is reasonably prudent and
necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, including,
without limitation, the service of the Indemnitee, the receipt of which hereby is acknowledged, and in order to induce the Indemnitee
to serve, or continue to serve, as a director or an executive officer of the Company, the Company and the Indemnitee hereby agree as
follows:

1.
Definitions. As used in this Agreement:

(a).
Change of Control shall mean any of the following:

(i)
any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act)), but excluding (1) the Company,
(2) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities pursuant to an employee benefit or welfare plan or employee share plan of the Company
or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, or any entity organized, appointed, established or holding securities of the Company with
voting power for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan and (3) any entity owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the
Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, becomes the beneficial owner
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30% or more of the
combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities without the prior approval of at least majority of the directors
in office immediately prior to such persons attaining such interest;

(ii)
any merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting
securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining
outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting
securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a
majority of the Board or other governing body of such surviving entity;

(iii)
the approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition
by the Company, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets;

(iv)
any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response
to any similar item or any similar or successor schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act whether or not the Company is then
subject to such reporting requirements; and

(v)
during any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at
the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who has entered
into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Sections 1(a)(i), 1(a)(iii) or 1(a)(iv)) whose election by the
Board or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then
still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously
so approved, ceasing for any reason to constitute a least a majority of the members of the Board.

(b).
Disinterested Director with respect to any request by the Indemnitee for indemnification or advancement of expenses
hereunder shall mean a director of the Company who neither is nor was a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which
indemnification or advancement is being sought by the Indemnitee.

(c).
Expenses shall mean shall mean, without limitation, expenses of Proceedings, including attorneys fees, disbursement
and retainers, accounting and witness fees, expenses related to preparation for service as a witness and to service as a witness, travel
and deposition costs, expenses of investigations, judicial or administrative proceedings and appeals, amounts paid in settlement of a
Proceeding by or on behalf of the Indemnitee, costs of attachment or similar bonds, any expenses of attempting to establish or establishing
a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses, under this Agreement, the Companys Memorandum of Association and Articles
of Association as currently in effect (the Articles), applicable law or otherwise, and reasonable compensation for
time spent by the Indemnitee in connection with the investigation, defense or appeal of a Proceeding or action for indemnification for
which the Indemnitee is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. The term Expenses shall not include
the amount of judgments, fines, interest or penalties, which are actually levied against or sustained by the Indemnitee to the extent
sustained after final adjudication.

2

(d).
Independent Legal Counsel shall mean any firm of attorneys that is not presently representing and has not in the
preceding five (5) years represented the Company, the Companys subsidiaries or affiliates, the Indemnitee, any entity controlled
by the Indemnitee, or any party adverse to the Company in any matter material to any such party (other than with respect to matters concerning
the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term Independent Legal Counsel shall not include any person who, under applicable standards of professional conduct
then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or the Indemnitee in an action to determine the
Indemnitees right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise.

(e).
Proceeding shall mean any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution
mechanism, or other proceeding (including, without limitation, an appeal therefrom), formal or informal, whether brought in the name
of the Company or otherwise, whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative nature, and whether by, in or involving a
court or an administrative, other governmental or private entity or body (including, without limitation, an investigation by the Company
or its Board), by reason of (i) the fact that the Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, or is or was serving at
the request of the Company as an agent of another enterprise, whether or not the Indemnitee is serving in such capacity at the time any
liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or reimbursement is to be provided under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or
alleged act or omission or neglect or breach of duty, including, without limitation, any actual or alleged error or misstatement or misleading
statement, which the Indemnitee commits or suffers while acting in any such capacity, or (iii) the Indemnitee attempting to establish
or establishing a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses pursuant to this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise.

(f).
The phrase serving at the request of the Company as an agent of another enterprise or any similar terminology shall
mean, unless the context otherwise requires, serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, employee benefit or welfare plan or other enterprise, foreign
or domestic. The phrase serving at the request of the Company shall include, without limitation, any service as
a director/an executive officer of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director/executive officer with
respect to the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries, affiliates, employee benefit or welfare plans, such plans participants
or beneficiaries or any other enterprise, foreign or domestic. In the event that the Indemnitee shall be a director, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, employee benefit or welfare plan or other
enterprise, foreign or domestic, 50% or more of the ordinary shares, combined voting power or total equity interest of which is owned
by the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof, then it shall be presumed conclusively that the Indemnitee is so acting at the
request of the Company.

2.
Services By Indemnitee. The Indemnitee agrees to serve as a director or officer of the Company under the terms of the Indemnitees
agreement with the Company for so long as the Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or until such time as the Indemnitee tenders a
resignation in writing or is removed from the Indemnitees position; provided, however, that the Indemnitee may at
any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or other obligation imposed by operation
of law).

3

3.
Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. The Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, indemnify
the Indemnitee if the Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding by or in
the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the Indemnitee is or was a director or officer
of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as an agent of another enterprise, against all Expenses, judgments,
fines, interest or penalties, which are actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with the defense or settlement
of such a Proceeding, if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed
to, the best interests of the Company; except that no indemnification under this section shall be made in respect of any claim, issue
or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudicated by final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to be liable to
the Company for willful misconduct in the performance of his/her duty to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the court in
which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the
circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such amounts which such other court shall deem
proper.

4.
Proceeding Other Than a Proceeding by or in the Right of the Company. The Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
laws, indemnify the Indemnitee if the Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding
(other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company) by reason of the fact that the Indemnitee is or was a director or officer
of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as an agent of another enterprise, against all Expenses, judgments,
fines, interest or penalties, which are actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such a Proceeding, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law; provided, however, that any settlement of a Proceeding must be approved in
advance in writing by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld).

5.
Indemnification for Costs, Charges and Expenses of Witness or Successful Party. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
to the extent that the Indemnitee (a) has prepared to serve or has served as a witness in any Proceeding in any way relating to (i) the
Company or the Companys subsidiaries, affiliates, employee benefit or welfare plans or such plans participants or beneficiaries
or (ii) anything done or not done by the Indemnitee as a director or officer of the Company or in connection with serving at the request
of the Company as an agent of another enterprise, or (b) has been successful in defense of any Proceeding or in defense of any claim,
issue or matter therein, on the merits or otherwise, including the dismissal of a Proceeding without prejudice or the settlement of a
Proceeding without an admission of liability, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred
by the Indemnitee in connection therewith to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. All such indemnification against Expenses
shall be offset by the amount of cash, if any, received by the Indemnitee resulting from his/her success therein.

6.
Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for
a portion of Expenses, but not for the total amount of Expenses, the Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee for the portion of such Expenses
to which Indemnitee is entitled.

4

7.
Advancement of Expenses. The Expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in any Proceeding shall be paid promptly by the Company in advance
of the final disposition of the Proceeding at the written request of the Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law;
provided, however, that the Indemnitee shall set forth in such request reasonable evidence that such Expenses have been
incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such Proceeding and an undertaking in writing to repay any advances if it is ultimately
determined as provided in Section 8(b) of this Agreement that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement,
the Articles, applicable law or otherwise.

8.
Indemnification Procedure; Determination of Right to Indemnification.

(a)
Promptly after receipt by the Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any Proceeding, the Indemnitee shall, if a claim for indemnification
or advancement of Expenses in respect thereof is to be made against the Company under this Agreement, notify the Company of the commencement
thereof in writing. The failure and delay to so notify the Company will not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company
may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement unless the Company shall have lost significant substantive or procedural rights with
respect to the defense of any Proceeding as a result of such omission to so notify.

(b)
The Indemnitee shall be conclusively presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement unless a determination is made that
the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise by one of the following
two methods, which, if there has not been a Change in Control, shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Board
of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors or (ii) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable
or, even if obtainable, said Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Legal Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy
of which shall be delivered to the Indemnitee. If a Change in Control shall have occurred and the Indemnitee so requests in writing,
such determination shall be made only by Independent Legal Counsel in the manner set forth in this subsection.

(c)
If (i) a determination is made that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement or (ii) a claim for indemnification
or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement is not paid by the Company within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of written
notice thereof, the Indemnitee is entitled to an adjudication in any court of competent jurisdiction. Such judicial proceeding shall
be made de novo. The burden of proving that indemnification or advances are not appropriate shall be on the Company. Neither the failure
of the directors of the Company or Independent Legal Counsel to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that
indemnification or advancement of Expenses is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct,
if any, nor an actual determination by the directors of the Company or Independent Legal Counsel that the Indemnitee has not met the
applicable standard of conduct shall be a defense to an action by the Indemnitee or create a presumption for the purpose of such an action
that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement
or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself (i) create a presumption that the Indemnitee
did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the Company and/or its shareholders,
and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that the Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful or (ii)
otherwise adversely affect the rights of the Indemnitee to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement, except as
may be provided herein.

5

(d)
If a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that the Indemnitee is entitled to any indemnification or advancement of Expenses
hereunder, the Company shall pay all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such adjudication
(including, but not limited to, any appellate proceedings).

(e)
With respect to any Proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of Expenses is requested, the Company will be entitled to participate
therein at its own expense and, except as otherwise provided below, to the extent that it may wish, the Company may assume the defense
thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee. After notice from the Company to the Indemnitee of its election to assume
the defense of a Proceeding, the Company will not be liable to the Indemnitee under this Agreement for any Expenses subsequently incurred
by the Indemnitee in connection with the defense thereof, other than as provided below. The Company shall not settle any Proceeding in
any manner which would impose any penalty or limitation on the Indemnitee without the Indemnitees written consent. The Indemnitee
shall have the right to employ his/her own counsel in any Proceeding, but the fees and expenses of such counsel incurred after notice
from the Company of its assumption of the defense of the Proceeding shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee, unless (i) the employment
of counsel by the Indemnitee has been authorized by the Company, (ii) the Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded that there may be
a conflict of interest between the Company and the Indemnitee in the conduct of the defense of a Proceeding, or (iii) the Company shall
not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of a proceeding, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of the Indemnitees
counsel shall be advanced by the Company. The Company shall not be entitled to assume the defense of any Proceeding brought by or on
behalf of the Company or as to which the Indemnitee has reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest between the Company
and the Indemnitee.

9.
Limitations on Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this
Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against the Indemnitee:

(a)
in connection with any Proceeding initiated or brought voluntarily by the Indemnitee and not by way of defense, unless (i) the Board
authorized the Proceeding prior to its initiation or (ii) the Proceeding is to enforce indemnification rights under this Agreement, the
Articles, applicable law or otherwise and either (A) Indemnitee is successful in such Proceeding in establishing Indemnitees right,
in whole or in part, to indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder (in which case such indemnification or advancement shall
be to the fullest extent permitted by this Agreement) or (B) the court in such Proceeding shall determine that, despite Indemnitees
failure to establish his or her right to indemnification, Indemnitee is entitled to indemnity for such expenses (in which case such indemnification
or advancement shall be to the extent provided by such court);

6

(b)
in connection with the Indemnitee preparing to serve or serving, prior to a Change in Control, as a witness in voluntary cooperation
with any non-governmental or non-regulatory party or entity who or which has threatened or commenced any action or proceeding against
the Company, or any director, officer, employee, trustee, agent, representative, subsidiary, parent corporation or affiliate of the Company,
but such indemnification may be provided by the Company if the Board finds it to be appropriate;

(c)
for which payment has actually been made to the Indemnitee under a valid and collectible insurance policy, except in respect of any excess
beyond the amount of payment under such insurance policy;

(d)
for an accounting of profits made from the purchase or sale by the Indemnitee of securities of the Company pursuant to the provisions
of Section 16(b) of the Act or similar provisions of any foreign or United States federal, state or local statute or regulation;

(e)
for which the Indemnitee is indemnified and actually paid other than pursuant to this Agreement;

(f)
for conduct that is finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to have been caused by the Indemnitees dishonesty, willful
default or fraud, including, without limitation, breach of the duty of loyalty, unless and only to the extent that the court in which
such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances
of the case, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such amounts which such court shall deem proper;

(g)
if a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines that such indemnification is unlawful. In this respect, the Company and the Indemnitee
have been advised that the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) takes the position that indemnification
for liabilities arising under securities laws is against public policy and is, therefore, unenforceable and that claims for indemnification
should be submitted to appropriate courts for adjudication;;

(h)
in connection with Indemnitees personal tax matter;

(i)
subject to the proviso in Section 9(a) hereof, in connection with any dispute or breach arising under any contract or similar obligation
between the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates and such Indemnitee; or

(j)
in connection with any reimbursement made by Indemnitee to the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act), Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or Section 954 of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act and the rules promulgated by the SEC thereunder.

7

10.
Insurance. To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors,
officers, employees, or agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise that such person serves at the request of the Company, the Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy
or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any director, officer, employee,
agent or fiduciary under such policy or policies. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a Proceeding pursuant to the terms hereof,
the Company has directors and officers insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of
such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter
take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of
such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

11.
No Employment Rights. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create in the Indemnitee any right to continued employment with
the Company.

12.
Continuation of Indemnification. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period
that the Indemnitee is a director or an executive officer of the Company (or is or was serving at the request of the Company as an agent
of another enterprise, foreign or domestic) and shall continue thereafter so long as the Indemnitee shall be subject to any Proceeding
by reason of the fact that the Indemnitee is or was a director or an executive officer of the Company or is or was serving in any other
capacity referred to in this Section 12.

13.
Indemnification Hereunder Not Exclusive. The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed to be exclusive of
any other rights to which the Indemnitee may be entitled under the Articles, any agreement, vote of shareholders or vote of Disinterested
Directors, provisions of applicable law, or otherwise, both as to action or omission in the Indemnitees official capacity and
as to action or omission in another capacity on behalf of the Company while holding such office.

14.
Contribution. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is
unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount
incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses,
in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable
in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee
as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving rise to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and
its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). The relative fault
of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties
relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such judgments,
fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses. The Company agrees that it would not be
just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 14 were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation
which does not take account of the foregoing equitable considerations.

8

15.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between the parties
hereto with respect to the matters covered hereby, and any other prior or contemporaneous oral or written understandings or agreements
with respect to the matters covered hereby are superseded by this Agreement.

16.
Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by a written instrument executed by or on behalf of each
of the parties hereto. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit, restrict or reduce
any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any act or omission, or any event occurring, prior to such amendment, alteration
or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision limits rights with respect to indemnification,
contribution or advancement of Expenses, it is the intent of the parties hereto that the rights with respect to indemnification, contribution
or advancement of Expenses in effect prior to such change shall remain in full force and effect to the extent permitted by applicable
law.

17.
Waivers. The observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) by the party entitled to enforce such term only by a writing signed by the party against which such waiver
is to be asserted. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, no delay on the part of any party hereto in exercising any right, power
or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any party hereto of any right, power or
privilege hereunder operate as a waiver of any other right, power or privilege hereunder nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any right, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege
hereunder.

18.
Assignment; Successors and Assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned by either
party thereto without the prior written consent of the other party, except that the Company may, without such consent, assign all such
rights and obligations to a successor in interest to the Company which assumes all obligations of the Company under this Agreement in
a written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and against the parties hereto and the Companys successors (including any
direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets
of the Company) and assigns, as well as the Indemnitees spouses, heirs, and personal and legal representatives.

19.
Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing (which may be by facsimile
transmission or email). All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed received on the date of receipt by the recipient
thereof if received prior to 5:00 p.m. in the place of receipt and such day is a business day in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any
such notice, request or communication shall be deemed not to have been received until the next succeeding business day in the place of
receipt. The address for notice to a party is as shown on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as any party shall
have given by written notice to the other party as provided above.

9

20.
Subrogation. In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all
of the rights of recovery of the Indemnitee, who shall execute all documents required and shall do all acts that may be necessary to
secure such rights and to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

21.
Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including each portion of any
Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal
or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by
law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum
effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including each
portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself
invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. To the extent required,
any section, sentence, term or provision of this Agreement may be modified by a court of competent jurisdiction to preserve its validity
and to provide the Indemnitee with the broadest possible indemnification permitted under applicable law. The Companys inability,
pursuant to a court order or decision, to perform its obligations under this Agreement shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement.

22.
Governing Law. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance
with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules.

23.
Headings. The Section headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not be deemed to alter or affect
the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof.

24.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed
to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party
against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

25.
Use of Certain Terms. As used in this Agreement, the words herein, hereof, and hereunder
and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular paragraph, subparagraph, section, subsection,
or other subdivision. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine,
feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa.

[Signature
Page to Follow]

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Indemnification Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written.

COMPANY:

Freight
Technologies, Inc.

By: 

Name: Javier
Selgas

Title: Chief
Executive Office

INDEMNITEE:

Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Freight
Technologies Announces Updates to its Board of Directors

HOUSTON
- February 21, 2025 Freight Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: FRGT, Fr8Tech or the Company), a logistics
management innovation company, offering a diverse portfolio of technology-driven solutions, announced today that its board of directors
(the Board) has approved the appointment of two new independent Board directors, Leilei Nie and Andres Gonzalez, effective
February 14, 2025. These appointments follow the resignations of Paul Freudenthaler and William Samuels who recently notified the Board
of their intentions to resign. Their resignations were not the result of any dispute or disagreement with either the Company or the Board.
Mr. Freudenthaler will continue to serve as secretary of the Board.

CEO
Javier Selgas, stated, I am very pleased to welcome these two experienced directors to the Board, and am looking forward to working
closely with them as the Company continues to focus on its next chapter of growth. Both Andres and Leileis are unique talents
who will bring expertise and perspectives to the dynamic work we are doing at Fr8Tech.

Mr.
Selgas added, I want to express sincere gratitude to both William and Paul for their numerous contributions and years of dedicated
service to the Company during their tenures as the Board members, and we are grateful that Paul will continue to be engaged with the
Company by serving as secretary of the Board. We certainly wish them both well in their future endeavors.

Leilei
Nie 

Ms.
Nie is a Strategy and Business Project Management professional with over 17 years of experience in financial services and fintech. She
has been leading project management at X Star Technology, a leading non-bank car financing institution in Singapore since January 2025.
Previously, Ms. Nie was a Senior Project Manager at Fidelity Fund Management (China) from May 2022 to June 2024 and a Senior Manager
at Accenture from July 2021 to April 2022, focusing on financial services in Greater China. From December 2016 to June 2021, she served
as Deputy Director in the Strategy and CEO Office at OneConnect Financial Technology, the fintech arm of Ping An Group in China. Her
earlier roles include Strategy Manager at Commonwealth Bank of Australia (China) from January 2014 to December 2016 and Senior Associate
at Z-Ben Advisors from June 2012 to December 2013, advising global asset managers on China market entry. Ms. Nie began her career in
marketing roles at iFast Financial and Prudential Asset Management in Singapore from June 2005 to July 2010. Ms. Nie earned an MBA from
China Europe Business School in April 2012 and a Bachelors degree in Computing from the National University of Singapore in May
2005. Ms. Nie is a Singaporean citizen.

Andres
Gonzalez

Since
2024, Mr. Gonzalez has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Futura Reserva, an investment management company focused on the development
and investment of residential, mixed-use, industrial, and hospitality real estate projects in Mexico. Prior to joining Futura Reserva,
Mr. Gonzlez served as Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Capital Natural (now CREO) from October 2014 to May 2024.
In this role, his responsibilities included leading the development of large-scale projects such as Arboleda, Distrito Tec, Siendo, and
Sofa 440 in Monterrey, and supervising the planning & development of more than one million square meters of master-planned
communities, commercial spaces, office buildings, and residential properties. Additionally, Mr. Gonzlez was responsible for the
creation and management of multiple business units, including Property Management, CoBE, and Commercial Services. From February 2013
to October 2014, Mr. Gonzlez had held senior management positions at Grupo MRP and Promologistics, where he was responsible for
the oversight of infrastructure, shopping center, and logistics projects at a national level, he led asset portfolios valued at over
$1 billion. Mr. Gonzlez currently serves as an independent board member of Terra Energy and has been an active participant in
organizations such as Young Presidents Organization since October 2021 and ECO since January 2025. He has also served as a faculty member
for the Masters in Finance program at Egade Business School, teaching at both the Monterrey and Santa Fe campuses from July 2021
to July 2023. Mr. Gonzalez earned a Bachelors degree in Accounting and Finance from Tec de Monterrey in December 2004 and later
obtained an MBA with a specialization in Finance from Egade Business School in December 2016. Mr. Gonzalez further enhanced his expertise
through leadership and management studies at Columbia Business School in November 2018, Kellogg School of Management in May 2024 and
Babson College in 2015.

About
Freight Technologies Inc. 

Freight
Technologies (Nasdaq: FRGT) (Fr8Tech) is a technology company offering a diverse portfolio of proprietary platform solutions
powered by AI and machine learning to optimize and automate the supply chain process. Focused on addressing the distinct challenges within
the supply chain ecosystem, the Companys portfolio of solutions includes the Fr8App platform for seamless OTR B2B
cross-border shipping across the USMCA region; Fr8Now, a specialized service for less-than-truckload (LTL) shipping; Fr8Fleet,
a dedicated capacity service for enterprise clients in Mexico; Waavely, a digital platform for efficient ocean freight
booking and management of container shipments between North America and ports worldwide and Fleet Rocket a nimble, scalable
and cost-effective Transportation Management System (TMS) for brokers, shippers, and other logistics operator Together, each product
is interconnected within a unified platform to connect carriers and shippers and significantly improve matching and operation efficiency
via innovative technologies such as live pricing and real-time tracking, digital freight marketplace, brokerage support, transportation
management, fleet management, and committed capacity solutions. The company is headquartered in Houston, Texas. For more information,
please visit fr8technologies.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the
United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Fr8Techs and Fr8App Inc.s actual results may differ from
their expectations, estimates and projections and, consequently, readers should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions
of future events. Words such as expect, estimate, project, budget, forecast,
anticipate, intend, plan, may, will, could, should,
believes, predicts, potential, continue and similar expressions (or the negative
versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.

These
forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from
those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Most of these factors are outside Fr8Techs and Fr8App Inc.s control
and are difficult to predict. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (1) the inability to obtain or
maintain the listing of Fr8Techs ordinary shares on Nasdaq; (2) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (3) the possibility
that Fr8Tech or Fr8App Inc. may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors; (4) risks relating to the
uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to Fr8App Inc.; (5) risks related to the organic and inorganic growth
of Fr8App Inc.s business and the timing of expected business milestones; and (6) other risks and uncertainties identified, including
those under Risk Factors, to be filed in Fr8Tech other filings with the Securities Exchange Commission.

Fr8Tech
cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking
statements. Fr8Tech and Fr8App Inc. caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date made. Fr8Tech and Fr8App Inc. do not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates
or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in their expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances
on which any such statement is based.

Fr8Tech
Contact:

Jason
Finkelstein

IGNITION
Investor Relations

investors@fr8technologies.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>frgt-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>frgt-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>frgt-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38172

Entity Registrant Name FREIGHT
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001687542

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-2792157

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code D8

Entity Address, Address Line One 2001
Timberloch Place

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town The Woodlands

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77380

City Area Code 773

Local Phone Number 905-5076

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary
Shares, no par value

Trading Symbol FRGT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://fr8technologies.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
frgt-20250214.xsd 
frgt-20250214_lab.xml 
frgt-20250214_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-007796-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001687542 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001687542 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
FREIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
D8 
001-38172 
87-2792157 
2001 Timberloch Place 
Suite 500 
The Woodlands 
TX 
77380 
773 
905-5076 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary Shares, no par value 
FRGT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>