<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-005369.txt : 20250418
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-005369.hdr.sgml : 20250418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250418140019
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-005369
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250418
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250418

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMMO, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001015383
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORDNANCE & ACCESSORIES, (NO VEHICLES/GUIDED MISSILES) [3480]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				300957912
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13101
		FILM NUMBER:		25850049

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7681 E. GRAY RD
		STREET 2:		SCOTTSDALE
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-947-0001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7681 E. GRAY RD
		STREET 2:		SCOTTSDALE
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RETROSPETTIVA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970602
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000101538300010153832025-04-182025-04-180001015383POWW:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember2025-04-182025-04-180001015383POWW:Sec8.75SeriesCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStock0.001ParValueMember2025-04-182025-04-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 18, 2025

AMMO,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 001-13101 83-1950534

(State

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

7681 E. Gray Rd.

Scottsdale,
Arizona85260

(Address
of principal executive offices / Zip Code)

(480)947-0001

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425
under the Securities Act.

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12
under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to
Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to
Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value POWW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Capital Market)

8.75%
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value POWWP The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Loan
Amendment

On
April 18, 2025, AMMO, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a Consent and Second Amendment to Loan
and Security Agreement (the Loan Amendment) by and among the Company and other borrowers party thereto (collectively, the
Borrower), and Sunflower Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (the Agent). The Loan Amendment
amends that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2019, by and among the Borrower, the Lenders and the Agent
(as amended by the Loan Amendment, the Loan Agreement). Capitalized terms used in this Item 1.01 but not otherwise defined
herein have the same definitions given to such terms in the Loan Agreement.

Pursuant
to the Loan Amendment, the Borrower and the Agent agreed to, among other things: (i) release the Agents security interest in all
collateral securing the Borrowers obligations under the Loan Agreement upon consummation of the Transaction (as defined below);
(ii) reduce all amounts available under the Revolving Line to zero dollars ($0.00) as of the effective date of the Loan Amendment; (iii)
enter into an Amended and Restated Revolving Line Promissory Note in the amount of Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00), representing
one hundred percent (100%) of the Revolving Line Commitment available under the Loan Agreement, executed by Borrower in favor of Agent
as of the effective date of the Loan Amendment; and (iv) certain other amendments to Borrowers customary covenants and obligations
under the Loan Agreement that only take effect in the event the Revolving Line Availability is greater than zero dollars ($0.00).

The
foregoing description of the Loan Amendment is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Loan Amendment, a copy
of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Amendment
to Asset Purchase Agreement

Also
on April 18, 2025, the Company, together with its subsidiaries AMMO Technologies, Inc., an Arizona corporation (AMMO Tech),
Enlight Group II, LLC d/b/a Jagemann Munition Components d/b/a Buythebullets, a Delaware limited liability company (Enlight),
Firelight Group I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Firelight, and together with AMMO Tech and Enlight, collectively,
the Sellers and each a Seller, and the Sellers together with the Company, the Seller Group)
entered into a First Amendment (the First Amendment) to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement among the Seller Group and
Olin Winchester, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Buyer), dated January 20, 2025 (as amended by the First Amendment,
the Purchase Agreement).

Pursuant
to the First Amendment, Seller Group and Buyer agreed to, among other things: (i) the removal of the escrow mechanisms for the purchase
price adjustments contemplated under the Purchase Agreement; (ii) the addition of a pre-closing inventory count rather than a post-closing
inventory count; (iii) the revision of the net working capital adjustment provisions to agree upon certain pre-determined assets and
liabilities and remove deductions for certain types of inventory and account for inventory based on the Companys historical accounting
practices; (iv) the addition of a reserve to adjust for upgrades to equipment and inventory issues; and (v) the addition of a purchase
price adjustment collar in the event the final net working capital amount is less the estimated net working capital exceeds, which entitles
the Buyer to receive from the Seller Group amounts in excess of the collar for such a shortfall.

Pursuant
to the First Amendment, the Seller Group and Buyer also entered into to certain additional agreements, including, among other things:
(a) the addition of a mutual non-disparagement provision; (b) the removal of the closing condition related to the process hazard analysis
report and the amendment of one of the representations to account for such report; (c) the addition of a mutual release related to certain
disputed items; and (d) the addition of an indemnification related to an item excluded from coverage in the representations and warranties
insurance policy.

The
foregoing description of the First Amendment is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the First Amendment, a
copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 2.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.01 Completion
of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

On
April 18, 2025, the Company, together with the Sellers,completed
the previously announced (i) sale of all assets of the Sellers related to the Sellers business of designing, manufacturing, marketing,
distributing and selling ammunition and ammunition components (collectively, the Ammunition Manufacturing Business) along
with certain assets of the Company related to the Ammunition Manufacturing Business, and (ii) assumption of certain liabilities of the
Seller Group related to the Ammunition Manufacturing Business, for a gross purchase price of $75,000,000, subject to certain
adjustments, includingfor estimated net working
capital and real property costs and prorations and additional adjustments contemplated by the First
Amendment(the Transaction) in accordance
with the terms of the Purchase Agreement, as amended by theFirst
Amendment. The assets acquired, and the liabilities assumed, by Buyer are those primarily related to the Ammunition Manufacturing Business,
including the Ammunition Manufacturing Business dedicated manufacturing facility in Manitowoc, Wisconsin. The Company will continue
to operate its online marketplace business associated with selling ammunition and firearms as a brokering agent or through direct sales
through the Companys subsidiary Speedlight Group I, LLC d/b/a GunBroker and its subsidiaries.

The
foregoing description is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement, a copy
of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference. The Purchase Agreement has been included with this Current
Report to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the
Company, the Seller Group, Buyer, or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The representations, warranties and covenants contained
in the Purchase Agreement were made solely for purposes of the Purchase Agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit
of the parties to the Purchase Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties to the Purchase Agreement, including
being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Purchase
Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the parties to
the Purchase Agreement that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Purchase
Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the
actual state of facts or conditions of the parties thereto or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information
concerning the subject matter of representations and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent
information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys public disclosures.

2

Item
2.03 Creation
of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
of a Registrant.

The
description of the Loan Amendment set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item
7.01. Regulation
FD Disclosure.

On
April 18, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of the Transaction and providing additional updates
with respect to the Company. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 and shall not be deemed to be filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise be subject
to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Cautionary
Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

Statements
contained or incorporated by reference in this report that are not statements of historical fact are considered forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws and are presented pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified
by words such as target, believe, expect, will, may, anticipate,
estimate, would, positioned, future, and other similar expressions that predict
or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, among
others, statements about the expected benefits of the Transaction and statements about the Companys plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions for its business following consummation of the Transaction. These
statements are based only on Company managements current beliefs, expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements
relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and
many of which are outside of the Companys control. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those described in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, risks associated with pending or threatened litigation
related to the Transaction; unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the Transaction; risks related to disruption of management
time from ongoing business operations due to the Transaction; failure to realize the benefits expected from the Transaction; and effects
of the completion of the Transaction on the ability of the parties to retain customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain
relationships with their counterparties, and on their operating results and businesses generally. Therefore, investors should not rely
on any of these forward-looking statements and should review the risks and uncertainties described under the caption Risk Factors
in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 13,
2024, and additional disclosures the Company makes in its other filings with the SEC, which are available on the SECs website
at www.sec.gov. Forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and except as provided by law,
the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to any update forward-looking statements.

3

Item
9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(b)
Pro forma financial information.

As
a result of the Companys ongoing, previously disclosed restatement of certain of its historical financial statements [(the Restatement)],
the Company is unable to provide pro forma financial statements reflecting the Transaction. [The Company intends to provide the pro forma
financial statements required by Item 9.01(b) following completion of the Restatement].

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated January 20, 2025, by and among AMMO Technologies, Inc., Enlight Group II, LLC, Firelight Group I, LLC, AMMO, Inc. and Olin Winchester, LLC, as amended**.

2.2 First Amendment to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated April 18, 2025, by and among AMMO Technologies, Inc., Enlight Group II, LLC, Firelight Group I, LLC, AMMO, Inc. and Olin Winchester, LLC.

10.1 Consent
and Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 18, 2025, by and among AMMO, Inc. and Sunflower Bank, N.A.

99.1 Press
Release, dated April 18, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

** Portions
of Exhibit 2.1 have been redacted in accordance with Item 601(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation S-K and certain schedules, annexes or exhibits
have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, but will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request.

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AMMO, INC.

Dated: April 18, 2025 By: /s/ Jared
R. Smith

Jared R. Smith

Chief Executive Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
2.1

CERTAIN
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED AT THE APPROPRIATE PLACE WITH FIVE ASTERISKS [*****], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH
(I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS CONFIDENTIAL.

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by
and among

AMMO
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,

ENLIGHT
GROUP II, LLC,

FIRELIGHT
GROUP I, LLC,

AMMO,
INC.

and

OLIN
WINCHESTER, LLC

Dated:
January 20, 2025

i

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

PAGE

ARTICLE I Definitions and Rules of Construction 1

1.1
Definitions 1

1.2
Rules
of Construction 14

ARTICLE II Purchase and Sale of Assets 15

2.1
Purchase
and Sale of Assets 15

2.2
Excluded
Assets 16

2.3
Assumption
of Liabilities 17

2.4
Excluded
Liabilities 18

2.5
Corrective
Transfer of Assets 20

2.6
Consideration 20

2.7
Closing 20

2.8
Adjustments
to Purchase Price 24

2.9
Escrow 27

2.10
Non-assignable
Properties, Permits, Licenses and Contracts 27

2.11
Withholding 28

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties
with respect to the Seller Group 28

3.1
Organization
and Power 29

3.2
Authorization
and Enforceability 29

3.3
Capitalization 29

3.4
No
Violation 30

3.5
Documents
Sufficient 30

3.6
Governmental
Authorizations and Consents 30

3.7
Financial
Statements 30

3.8
No
Undisclosed Liabilities 30

3.9
Absence
of Certain Changes and Events 31

3.10
Real
Property 33

3.11
Title;
Sufficiency of Assets; Condition of Property 34

3.12
Intellectual
Property 34

3.13
Contracts 35

3.14
Compliance
with Laws 37

3.15
Environmental
Matters 37

3.16
Litigation 38

3.17
Labor
Matters 39

3.18 Employee
Benefits 40

3.19
Taxes 42

3.20
Insurance 43

3.21
Customers
and Suppliers 43

3.22
Data
Privacy; Cybersecurity 43

3.23
No
Brokers 45

3.24
International
Trade 45

3.25
Agreements
with Seller Related Persons 45

3.26
Inventory 46

3.27
Product
Liabilities and Warranties 46

3.28
Accounts
Receivable 46

3.29
Solvency 47

3.30
CARES
Act Compliance 47

3.31
Disclaimer 47

ii

ARTICLE IV Representations and Warranties
of Buyer 48

4.1
Organization
and Power 48

4.2
Authorization
and Enforceability 48

4.3
No
Violation 48

4.4
Foreign
Ownership and Control 48

4.5
Regulatory
Compliance 49

4.6
Governmental
Authorizations and Consents 49

4.7
Litigation 49

4.8
Sufficiency
of Funds 49

4.9
No
Brokers 49

4.10 No
Inducement or Reliance; Independent Assessment 50

ARTICLE V Covenants 50

5.1
Conduct
of the Sellers 50

5.2
Access
Prior to the Closing 52

5.3
Efforts 53

5.4
Regulatory
Filings 53

5.5
Employee
Matters 53

5.6
Preservation
of Books and Records 54

5.7
Public
Announcements. 55

5.8
Representation
& Warranty Insurance. 55

5.9
Incorrect
Payments 55

5.10
Change
of Name 55

5.11
Tax
Allocation 56

5.12
WARN
Act 56

5.13 COBRA 56

5.14 D&O
Insurance 56

5.15 No
Solicitation of Other Bids 57

5.16
Non-Competition;
Non-Solicitation 57

5.17
Bulk
Sales Laws 58

5.18
Ceasing
Operations 58

5.19
Third
Party Consents 58

ARTICLE VI Conditions to Closing 60

6.1
Conditions
to All Parties Obligations 60

6.2
Conditions
to the Seller Groups Obligations 60

6.3
Conditions
to Buyers Obligations 61

iii

ARTICLE VII Survival; Exclusive Remedies 63

7.1
Survival 63

7.2
Indemnification
by the Seller Group 63

7.3
Indemnification
by the Buyer 63

7.4
Indemnification
Procedures 64

7.5
Indemnification
Payments 66

7.6
Limitations
on Indemnity 66

7.7
Exclusive
Remedies 67

ARTICLE VIII Termination 67

8.1
Termination
Prior to Closing 67

8.2 Effect
of Termination 68

ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 68

9.1
Certain
Tax Matters 68

9.2
Expenses 69

9.3
Notices 69

9.4
Governing
Law 70

9.5
Entire
Agreement 70

9.6
Severability 70

9.7
Amendment 71

9.8
Effect
of Waiver or Consent 71

9.9
Parties
in Interest; Limitation on Rights of Others 71

9.10
Assignability 71

9.11
Reserved. 71

9.12
Jurisdiction;
Court Proceedings; Waiver of Jury Trial 71

9.13
No
Other Duties 71

9.14
Reliance
on Counsel and Other Advisors 72

9.15
Specific
Performance 72

9.16
Counterparts 72

9.17
Further
Assurance 72

iv

Exhibits

Exhibit
A Bill of Sale

Exhibit
B Assignment and Assumption Agreement

Exhibit
C Trademark Assignment

Exhibit
D Patent Assignment

Exhibit
E IP Assignment Agreement

Exhibit
F Escrow Agreement

Exhibit
G Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy

List
of Schedules

Section
1.1(a) Sample Calculation of Closing Net Working Capital

Section
1.1(b) Retained Business Assets

Section
2.1(a) AMMO Assets

Section
2.1(b)(viii) Intellectual Property

Section
2.3(b) Assumed Contracts

Section
2.4(o) Excluded Liabilities

Section
2.7(c) Wire Instructions

Section
3.3(a) Capitalization

Section
3.3(c) Organizational Documents

Section
3.4 No Violation

Section
3.6 Governmental Authorizations and Consents

Section
3.7(a) Financial Statements

Section
3.8 No Undisclosed Liabilities

Section
3.9 Absence of Certain Changes and Events

Section
3.10(a) Owned Real Property

Section
3.10(b) Real Property Leases

Section
3.13(a) Material Contracts

Section
3.14(a) Compliance with Laws

Section
3.14(b) Material Permits

Section
3.15 Environmental Matters

Section
3.15(b) Environmental Permits

Section
3.15(c) Governmental Authority Notices

Section
3.15(h) Storage Tanks

Section
3.16 Litigation

Section
3.17(a) Employees

Section
3.17(g) Payments to Employees

Section
3.18(a)(i) Employee Benefit Plans

Section
3.18(a)(ii) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans

Section
3.18(a)(iii) Defined Benefit Plans and Multiemployer Plans

Section
3.18(c) Plan Payments

Section
3.18(i) Payment Acceleration

Section
3.19 Taxes

Section
3.20(a) Insurance Policies

Section
3.20(b) Loss Runs

Section
3.21(a) Customers

Section
3.21(b) Suppliers and Vendors

Section
3.24(c)(i) Import and Export Control Laws Compliance

Section
3.24(c)(ii) Foreign Trade Regulations Compliance

Section
3.24(d) Import Permits

Section
3.25 Agreements with Seller Related Persons

Section
3.27(a) Losses

Section
3.27(b) Product or Service Guarantees or Warranties

Section
3.30 CARES Act Compliance

Section
5.1(a) Conduct of the Sellers

Section
5.5(a) Designated Employees

Section
5.16(a) Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation

Section
5.19 Third Party Consents

Section
5.20 Certain Proceedings

Section
5.22 Transition Services Agreement

Section
6.3(c) Consents

Section
6.3(f) Permits

Section
7.2(e) Indemnification by the Seller Group

v

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of January 20,
2025, is made by and among AMMO Technologies, Inc., an Arizona corporation (AMMO Tech), Enlight Group II, LLC d/b/a
Jagemann Munition Components d/b/a Buythebullets, a Delaware limited liability company (Enlight), Firelight Group
I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Firelight, and collectively with AMMO Tech, and Enlight, the Sellers
and each a Seller), AMMO, Inc., a Delaware corporation (AMMO, and together with the Sellers,
the Seller Group), and Olin Winchester, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Buyer).
Each Seller, AMMO and Buyer are referred to herein as a Party and together as the Parties.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
AMMO owns all of the issued and outstanding Equity Securities of each Seller;

WHEREAS,
Sellers are engaged in the conduct of the Business;

WHEREAS,
concurrent with the execution of this Agreement, Buyer is entering into the Employment Agreement which is contingent and effective solely
upon the Closing of the Contemplated Transactions; and

WHEREAS,
Buyer desires to purchase the Purchased Assets and assume the Assumed Liabilities from the Seller Group, and the Seller Group desires
to sell the Purchased Assets and assign the Assumed Liabilities to Buyer, in each case for the consideration and on the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement,
and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:

Article
I

Definitions and Rules of Construction

1.1
Definitions.

As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

Accounting
Firm has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(e).

Acquisition
Proposal means any proposal or offer from any Person (other than Buyer or its Affiliates) relating to the direct or indirect
disposition, whether by sale, merger or otherwise, of all or any portion of the Business, the Equity Securities of Sellers or the Purchased
Assets.

Adjustment
Escrow Account has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9(a).

Adjustment
Escrow Amount means Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000).

Affiliate
means (a) as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person or (b) as to any Person that is a natural Person, any such Persons spouse, parents, children and siblings, whether
by blood, adoption or marriage, residing in such Persons home or any trust or similar entity for the benefit of any of the foregoing
Persons. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause
the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise.

1

Agreement
means this Asset Purchase Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time.

Allocation
Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 5.11.

AMMO
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

AMMO
Munitions means AMMO Munitions, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

AMMO
Munitions Transfer means the transfer of the assets of AMMO Munitions to a member of the Seller Group. For the avoidance of
doubt, the AMMO Munitions Transfer shall not include any liabilities or obligations of AMMO Munitions.

AMMO
Tech has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Ancillary
Documents means the Escrow Agreement, the Bill of Sale, the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the Trademark Assignment,
the Patent Assignment Agreement, the IP Assignment Agreement, and the Transition Services Agreement.

Assignment
and Assumption Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b)(ii).

Assignment
and Assumption of Development Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b)(vii)(A).

Assignment
and Assumption of Purchase Option has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b)(vii)(B).

Assumed
Contracts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b).

Assumed
Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.

Baird
means Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated.

Balance
Sheet Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7.

Bid
Cash Amount means Seventy-Five Million Dollars ($75,000,000.00).

Bill
of Sale has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b)(i).

Books
and Records has the meaning set forth in Section 5.6(a).

Business
means the Seller Groups business of designing, manufacturing, marketing, distributing and selling ammunition and ammunition components.
For the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Business shall not include the activities of the Seller Group and their Affiliates relating
to the GunBroker Business.

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or day on which banks are closed in New York City, New York. If any period
expires on a day which is not a Business Day or any event or condition is required by the terms of this Agreement to occur or be fulfilled
on a day which is not a Business Day, such period shall expire or such event or condition shall occur or be fulfilled, as the case may
be, on the next succeeding Business Day.

2

Buyer
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Buyer
Benefit Plan has the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(c).

Buyer
Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.

Calculation
Time means 12:01 A.M. Chicago, Illinois time on the Closing Date.

CARES
Act means The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act.

Cash
means the aggregate amount of cash, cash equivalents, security deposits, and marketable securities of the Sellers (including all third-party
checks held by the Sellers or that have been deposited in any bank account that have not yet cleared), in each case, determined in accordance
with GAAP and including the Cash items set forth on Section 1.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.

CC&Rs
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(g)(v).

Chosen
Courts has the meaning set forth in Section 9.12.

City
means the City of Manitowoc, a municipal corporation.

Closing
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(a).

Closing
Date means the date on which the Closing occurs.

Closing
Date Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(a).

Closing
Net Working Capital means (a) the sum of the total current assets of the Business as of the Calculation Time to the extent
acquired pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and included in the calculation set forth on Section 1.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure
Schedule, minus (b) the sum of the total current liabilities of the Business as of the Calculation Time to the extent assumed
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and included in the calculation as forth on Section 1.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule,
each as calculated in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period involved, and in accordance with the exclusions
and valuation methodologies set forth on Section 1.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, and utilizing only those line items
and accounts set forth in Section 1.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.

Closing
Payment means an amount equal to (a) the Bid Cash Amount plus (b) the amount, if any, by which Estimated Closing Net
Working Capital exceeds the Net Working Capital Target minus (c) the amount, if any, by which the Estimated Closing Net Working
Capital is less than the Net Working Capital Target.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Confidentiality
Agreement means the Confidentiality Agreement, dated September 19, 2024, by and between Buyer and AMMO.

3

Contemplated
Transactions means the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents.

Contract
means any license, assignment, agreement, contract, lease, deed, mortgage, instrument, note, commitment, undertaking, indenture, guaranty,
purchase order, obligation, arrangement, commitment or understanding (including any amendments, supplements, restatements, or modifications
thereto), whether written or oral, in each case with outstanding obligations.

COVID-19
means COVID-19 and any evolutions or mutations thereof or related or associated epidemics, pandemics, or disease outbreaks.

Data
Privacy and Security Requirements means all: (i) of the Sellers published privacy policies; (ii) contractual obligations
relating to privacy or security to which the Sellers are bound; and (iii) Privacy and Security Laws applicable to the Sellers, any Purchased
Assets, or the Business.

DDTC
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.

Deed
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b)(vii)(C).

Developed
Owned Property has the meaning set forth in the definition of Facility.

Development
Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b)(ii)(A)(1).

Direct
Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(c).

Employment
Agreement means that certain employment agreement dated as of the date of this Agreement by and between Buyer and James Mann.

Enlight
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Environmental
Laws means any Laws concerning or relating to (a) the protection, preservation or restoration of the environment (including,
air, water vapor, vapor intrusion, surface water, groundwater, drinking water supply, surface land, subsurface land, sediment, plant
and animal life or any other natural resource); (b) the exposure to, or the use, storage, recycling, treatment, generation, transportation,
processing, handling, labeling, production, discharge, Release, threatened Release, control, or disposal of, any Hazardous Substances;
or (c) safety issues (including human and occupational safety and health), in each case as amended.

Environmental
Permits has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(b).

Equity
Securities of any Person means any and all equity interests, shares of capital stock or options of such Person, and all securities
exchangeable for or convertible or exercisable into, any of the foregoing.

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

ERISA
Affiliate means an entity described in Section 407(d)(7) of ERISA or an entity which is a member of the same controlled group
of the Seller under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.

Escrow
Agent means Western Alliance Bank, an Arizona corporation or other Escrow Agent mutually agreeable to Buyer and the Seller
Group.

4

Escrow
Agreement means that certain Escrow Agreement by and among Buyer, the Escrow Agent and each member of the Seller Group in
substantially the form attached as Exhibit F hereto.

Estimated
Closing Net Working Capital has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(a).

Excluded
Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Excluded
Liability has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

Facility
or Facilities means the facilities and Real Property located at:

(a)
6311 W. Custer St, Manitowoc, WI 54220 (Manitowoc County) (Tax Parcel ID Number 052-449-007-010.00) (the Developed Owned
Property); and

(b)
3.3 acre tract of vacant commercial land located in Manitowoc, WI 54220 (Manitowoc County) (Tax Parcel ID Number 052-449-008-999.00)
(the Vacant Owned Property).

(The
Facilities at (a) and (b) immediately above are, collectively, the Owned Real Property.)

(c)
A portion of Lot 1, Block 3 of the Manitowoc I-43 Industrial Park Subdivision that is north of a line extended westward from the
southernmost border of Vits Drive (the Land Lease Property); and

(d)
39,000 square feet located at 1610 Wollmer Street, Manitowoc, WI (the Warehouse Lease Property).

(The
Facilities at (c) and (d) immediately above are, collectively, the Leased Real Property.)

Final
Adjustment Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(e).

Final
Closing Net Working Capital has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(e).

Final
Purchase Price Adjustment Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(e).

Financial
Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7.

Firelight
has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Fraud
means, with respect to any Person, the deliberate (and not constructive) fraud under Delaware common law by such Party with respect to
the making of a statement of material fact in a representation and warranty (or the making of a material omission in a disclosure against
a representation or warranty) contained in this Agreement, the Officers Certificate or in the Ancillary Documents. Fraud by a
Person shall not be imputed to any other Person.

Fundamental
Representations means the representations and warranties of the Seller Group made in Section 3.1 (Organization
and Power), Section 3.2 (Authorization and Enforceability), Section 3.3 (Capitalization), Section 3.4(i) and
(iii) (No Violation), the second sentence of Section 3.10(a) (Title to Real Property), Section 3.11(a) and (b)
(Title; Sufficiency of Assets; Condition of Property), the first sentence of Section 3.12(b) (Title to Seller Intellectual Property),
Section 3.19 (Taxes), and Section 3.23 (No Brokers) or the representations and warranties of the Buyer made in Section
4.1 (Organization and Power), Section 4.2 (Authorization and Enforceability), and Section 4.9 (No Brokers).

5

GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles and practices in effect from time to time. With respect to the computations
pursuant to Section 2.8, GAAP shall be as in effect as of the Calculation Time.

Governmental
Authority means any nation or government, any supranational, foreign or domestic federal, state, county, municipal or other
political instrumentality or subdivision thereof and any supranational, foreign or domestic entity or body exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, regulatory, administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including any court.

Governmental
Consents has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6.

GunBroker
Business means the online marketplace business of AMMO operated by Speedlight Group I, LLC and its subsidiaries d/b/a GunBroker
(Speedlight), including, without limitation, Speedlights business of selling online, ammunition and firearms
as a brokering agent or through direct sales.

Hazardous
Substances means any substance, material or waste regulated by any Governmental Authority, including any material, substance
or waste which is defined as a hazardous waste, hazardous material, hazardous substance, extremely
hazardous waste, restricted hazardous waste, contaminant, toxic waste or toxic
substance under any provision of Environmental Law, and including petroleum, petroleum products, asbestos, presumed asbestos containing
material or asbestos containing material, perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), urea formaldehyde and polychlorinated
biphenyls, and lead-based paint and mold.

Indebtedness
means, with respect to the Seller Group with respect to the Business, without duplication: (a) all principal, interest, premiums, penalties,
or other payment obligations for borrowed money, (b) all obligations evidenced by any bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments
or securities, (c) all liabilities or obligations under conditional sale or other title retention agreement relating to a Purchased Asset,
(d) all liabilities or obligations under any interest rate, currency protection agreement or similar hedging agreement of any Seller,
(e) all liabilities or obligations (contingent or otherwise) for the deferred purchase price of assets, property or services (including
the maximum amount of unpaid earnout obligations set forth in any Contract regardless of whether they have been earned, are due and payable
or otherwise constitute a liability under GAAP), (f) all liabilities or obligations under any capitalized lease (as defined under GAAP),
(g) all liabilities or obligations under any letters of credit or other similar facilities, (h) all liabilities or obligations arising
from or under, or otherwise in respect of, any outstanding and unpaid obligations for severance benefits or similar compensatory payments
(in each case, together with the employer portion of any employment, social security or payroll Taxes related thereto, and determined
as if all such amounts were payable as of the Closing Date), each to the extent payment of such amount is due and is not included in
Closing Net Working Capital, (i) all liabilities or obligations in respect of deferred rent and tenant allowances or obligations for
deferred lease inducements in accordance with GAAP other than non-cash deferred rent liabilities or obligations as a result of the application
of straight-line accounting, (j) all liabilities or obligations due to Affiliates of such Person or such Persons or its Affiliates
respective officers, directors, managers or equityholders or payable to third parties for the benefit of such Persons (other than amounts
owed to any such Person who is also an employee of the Seller Group to the extent such amounts are owed in respect of such Persons
employment with the Seller Group), including any declared and unpaid dividends or distributions, (k) any liabilities for Taxes of the
Seller Group, (l) all liabilities all liabilities or obligations referred to above which are directly or indirectly guaranteed by such
Person or which such Person has agreed (contingently or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire or in respect of which it has otherwise
assured a creditor against loss; provided, that Indebtedness shall not include any amounts included as a current liability in
the calculation of the Closing Net Working Capital.

6

Indemnified
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(a).

Indemnifying
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(a).

Intellectual
Property means any and all rights in, arising out of, or associated with any of the following in any jurisdiction: (a) issued
patents and pending patent applications (whether provisional or non-provisional) (collectively, Patents), (b) copyrights,
copyright registrations, copyright applications, and pending applications to register copyrights, and including copyrights in Software
and copyrights in both published works and unpublished works (collectively, Copyrights), (c) trademarks (whether
registered or unregistered), service marks, trade dress, brands, logos, and other indicia of origin and all registrations, pending applications
for registration, and renewals thereof, and all goodwill associated with any of the foregoing (collectively, Marks),
(d) Trade Secrets, (e) internet domain names and Social Media Accounts, and any and all content contained in any and all Social Media
Accounts, (f) Software, (g) inventions, discoveries, or improvements that may be patentable, (h) other intellectual property, and (i)
all registrations, pending applications for registration, and renewals of any of the foregoing; including any of the foregoing intellectual
property rights throughout the world.

[*****]

IP
Assignment Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b)(v).

IRS
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.

IT
Assets means all: (a) computer hardware, electronic data processing equipment, telecommunications networks, network equipment,
servers, interfaces, platforms, peripherals, routers, hubs, switches, and similar or related items of automated, computerized, or other
information technology and computer systems (including systems for voice, data, and video), in each case, owned by or under the control
of Sellers (including as may be provided through cloud-based or other third-party service providers). 

ITAR
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.

ITAR
Material Change Notification has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.

Joint
Direction means joint written instructions of Buyer and the Seller Group instructing the Escrow Agent to make a payment out
of the Adjustment Escrow Account or the Tax Adjustment Escrow Account, as applicable.

Knowledge
of Buyer means the actual knowledge of any of the following personnel of Buyer within the scope of their employment responsibilities
and without independent inquiry or investigation, as of the date hereof: Mike Bokermann.

Knowledge
of the Sellers means the actual knowledge, after reasonable inquiry of such Persons respective direct reports, of any
of the following personnel of the Seller Group: Jared Smith, Paul Kasowski and Jim Mann.

Labor
Agreement means any collective bargaining agreement or other Contract with any labor union, labor organization or works council.

7

Land
Lease means that certain Land Lease dated June 1, 2023, by and between the City, as lessor, and Firelight, as lessee, for
the Land Lease Property.

Laws
means all laws, Orders, statutes, codes, regulations, ordinances, orders, decrees, rules, or other requirements with similar effect of
any Governmental Authority.

Leased
Real Property has the meaning set forth in the definition of Facility.

Lien
means with respect to any specified asset, any and all liens, mortgages, hypothecations, claims, encumbrances, options, pledges, preferences,
priorities, licenses, easements, covenants, restrictions and security interests thereon (whether absolute, contingent, asserted or unasserted,
known or unknown).

Losses
or Loss means losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, judgment, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs or
expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys fees; provided, however, that Losses shall not include
punitive or exemplary damages, except to the extent actually awarded to a Governmental Authority or other third party by a court of competent
jurisdiction in connection with a Third-Party Claim.

Malicious
Code means (a) any back door, drop dead device, time bomb, Trojan horse,
virus, ransomware, or worm (as such terms are commonly understood in the Software industry)
or (b) other code designed or intended to have the effect of disrupting, disabling, harming, interfering with, damaging, destroying,
exfiltrating, encrypting an IT Asset without authorization or otherwise providing unauthorized access to an IT Asset.

Material
Contracts has the meaning set forth in Section 3.13(a).

Material
Customers has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21(a).

Material
Suppliers has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21(b).

[*****]

[*****]
Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 5.24.

Net
Working Capital Target means $53,575,627.00.

Non-Assignable
Asset has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(a).

Objection
Dispute has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(d).

Officers
Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(d).

Orders
means all judgments, orders, writs, injunctions, decisions, rulings, decrees and awards of any Governmental Authority.

Organizational
Documents means, with respect to any Person (other than an individual), (a) the certificate or articles of formation,
incorporation or organization or other similar documents adopted or filed in connection with the creation, formation or organization
of such Person, and (b) any limited liability company agreement, operating agreement, partnership agreement, or bylaws relating to the
organization or governance of such Person, in each case, as amended or supplemented.

8

Owned
Property Purchase Price means $32,200,000.

Owned
Real Property has the meaning set forth in the definition of Facility.

Party
or Parties have the meanings set forth in the preamble.

Patent
Assignment Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b)(iv).

Permits
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.14(b).

Permitted
Lien shall mean any (a) Lien in respect of Taxes not yet due and payable or which is being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP, (b) statutory
or contractual Liens of landlords for amounts not yet delinquent, (c)(i) mechanics liens consistent with past practices not to
exceed $10,000 in the aggregate or (ii) carriers, workmens, repairmens, materialmens, or other like Liens
arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business for amounts not yet delinquent, (d) in the case of real property, matters, restrictions,
covenants, conditions, limitations, rights, rights of way, encumbrances, encroachments, reservations, easements, agreements and other
matters of fact or record and such state of facts which an accurate survey or inspection of the property would reveal, that do not prohibit
or materially interfere with the conduct of the Business or the Seller Groups current activities upon such real property or prevent
the title to such real property from being marketable under applicable Law, (e) in the case of real property, the provisions of any applicable
Law (including but not limited to zoning, entitlement, building and or other land use regulations), (f) Liens arising under original
purchase price conditional sales contracts and equipment leases with third parties entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices, to the extent properly reported on the Financial Statements, (g) Liens attaching to inventory held by consignees
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, (h) Liens on goods in transit incurred pursuant to documentary letters
of credit, (i) Liens attaching to inventory held by consignees in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices,
(j) Liens on goods in transit incurred pursuant to documentary letters of credit, (k) Liens that will be released prior to or as of the
Closing, and (l) Liens arising under this Agreement.

Person
means any individual, person, entity, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability company,
corporation, joint venture, trust, business trust, cooperative, association, foreign trust or foreign business organization.

Personal
Information means any information that is defined as personal information, personal data, or personally identifiable information
under applicable Privacy and Security Laws.

Plan
means each (a) employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), and (b) all other bonus, stock or unit option, stock purchase,
other equity-based profit sharing, profits interest, savings, disability, health, incentive, deferred compensation, retirement, severance,
retention, change in control, fringe benefit, or other employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements of any kind, written or oral,
funded or unfunded (including with respect to equity), in each case, maintained, sponsored, or contributed to or required to be contributed
to, for the benefit of, or relating to, any current or former employees of such Seller, other than those plans, programs, or arrangements
that a Seller is required to maintain or contribute to pursuant to applicable Laws.

Post-Closing
Covenants has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

9

Privacy
and Security Laws means all laws applicable to the Sellers concerning the collection, use, transfer, processing, privacy and/or
security of Personal Information, and all regulations promulgated thereunder.

Proceeding
means any legal suit, action, condemnation action, investigation, audit, inquiry complaint, arbitration, administrative proceeding (including
charges), or other proceedings of any nature whatsoever in law or in equity.

Purchase
Option has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b)(ii)(A)(2).

Purchase
Orders means all customer purchase orders entered into by Sellers in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice that reflect material terms consistent with the form purchase order provided to Buyer prior to Closing (i) which are able to
be fulfilled in accordance with the term of such purchase order within Sellers existing manufacturing capacity, operating in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, and (ii) which have delivery dates that are not more than sixty (60) days
after the Closing Date, as determined in Buyers reasonable discretion based on a list of all open purchase orders and sufficient
detail to establish whether a purchase order meets the requirements stated above, including cost and capacity information, to be delivered
by Sellers to Buyer five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, which list shall be updated daily through Closing.

Purchase
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.

Purchase
Price Adjustment Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(c).

Purchased
Assets means the AMMO Assets and Seller Assets, collectively.

Real
Property means the Owned Real Property and the Leased Real Property.

Real
Property Leases has the meaning set forth in Section 3.10(b).

Record
means information that is inscribed on a tangible medium or that is stored in an electronic or other medium and is retrievable in perceivable
form.

Release
means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, dumping, emptying, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal,
leaching or migration on or into the environment or into or out of any property.

Report
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(c).

Representation
and Warranty Insurance Policy means that certain representation and warranty insurance policy, collectively with the binder
agreement associated therewith, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G.

Representatives
means, with respect to any Person, its officers, directors, employees, accountants, consultants, investment bankers, legal counsel, agents,
and other advisors and representatives.

Restricted
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 5.16(a).

Restricted
Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.16(a).

Restricted
Territory has the meaning set forth in Section 5.16(a).

10

Retained
Business means all businesses now, previously or hereafter conducted by the Seller Group or any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates
other than the Business, including but not limited to the GunBroker Business and the assets set forth on Section 1.1(b) of the
Seller Disclosure Schedule.

Sales
and Use Tax Report has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b)(xv).

SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Security
Incident means any cybersecurity incident, breach of security, phishing incident, network intrusion, ransomware attack, or
malware attack affecting any IT Assets, or (b) other incident in which Personal Information was accessed, disclosed, destroyed, processed,
encrypted, used, or exfiltrated in an unauthorized manner while in the possession or control of the Sellers or another Person acting
on behalf of any Seller.

Seller
and Sellers have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Seller
Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).

Seller
Disclosure Schedule means the disclosure schedule, dated as of the date hereof, delivered by the Seller Group to Buyer in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

Seller
Group has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Seller
Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3.

Seller
Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b)(viii).

Seller
IP Agreements means all Contracts to which a member of the Seller Group is a party for: (a) the license by any member of the
Seller Group of any Seller Intellectual Property (other than non-exclusive licenses granted by a member of the Seller Group to Sellers
customers in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices or that are incidental to the sale or purchase of products
or services in the ordinary course, including licenses granted to vendors or other service providers solely for use in connection with
providing services to a member of the Seller Group and feedback and similar licenses) or the creation or development of
Seller Intellectual Property (other than Contracts with an employee of a member of the Seller Group entered into in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practices on standard form agreements) or (b) the license to any member of the Seller Group of any Intellectual
Property used in the Business or necessary to the operation of the Business (other than licenses to Software that require annual payments
of $50,000 or less or that are incidental to the sale or purchase of products or services in the ordinary course, including licenses
granted by vendors or other service providers solely for use in connection with goods or services purchased by a Seller and feedback
and similar licenses).

Seller
Material Adverse Effect means any event, change, development, effect, condition, circumstance, matter, occurrence, or state
of fact that, directly or indirectly, individually or in the aggregate with other such events, changes, developments, effects, conditions,
circumstances, matters, occurrences or facts that (a) has had or is reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the operation,
properties, assets, liabilities, or condition of the Business (financial or otherwise), taken as a whole, or (b) prevents the performance
by a member of the Seller Group of its obligations to consummate the Contemplated Transactions by the Termination Date; provided,
that none of the following events, changes, developments, effects, conditions, circumstances, matters, occurrences or states of facts,
whether alone or in combination, shall be taken into account in determining whether there has been or may be a Seller Material Adverse
Effect: any adverse event, change, development, effect, condition, circumstance, matter, occurrence or state of facts attributable to
(i) any general, global or national economic, monetary or financial condition, including changes or developments in prevailing interest
rates, credit markets, securities markets, general economic or business conditions or currency exchange rates, or political or regulatory
conditions, (ii) any act of God (including hurricanes, earthquakes, floods or other natural or man-made disasters), war, armed hostilities,
military or police actions or terrorism, epidemics, disease outbreak or pandemics (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any changes
or effects arising in connection with or resulting from COVID-19), public health emergencies, widespread occurrences of infectious
diseases or other acts of nature, (iii) the operations, business, regulatory or other conditions in the industry in which the Business
operates, (iv) the negotiation, execution, delivery, performance, pendency or announcement of this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions
(including the failure to obtain any consent or waiver, or deliver any notice, under any Contract listed on Section 3.4 of
the Seller Disclosure Schedule and including the identity of, or the effect of any fact or circumstance relating to, Buyer or any of
its Affiliates), (v) any action taken or failed to be taken by a member of the Seller Group or its Affiliates at the request or with
the written consent of Buyer, (vi) any other changes or effects arising in connection with or resulting from COVID-19, or (vii) any
failure of a member of the Seller Group to meet, with respect to any period or periods, any internal or industry analyst projections,
forecasts, estimates of earnings or revenues, or business plans (it being understood that the facts and circumstances giving rise or
contributing to any such failure may, unless otherwise excluded by another clause in this definition of Seller Material Adverse
Effect, be taken into account in determining whether a Seller Material Adverse Effect has occurred or could reasonably
be expected to occur); provided, however, to the extent that such event, change, development, effect, condition, circumstance, matter,
occurrence, or state of fact has a disproportionate effect on the Business compared to other participants in the industries in which
the Business operates, only the incremental disproportionate adverse effect may be taken into account in determining whether a Seller
Material Adverse Effect has occurred.

11

Seller
Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 4.10(a).

Seller
Related Person has the meaning set forth in Section 3.25.

[*****]
Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(d).

[*****]
Claim Termination Date has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(d).

Shortfall
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(h).

Social
Media Accounts means any and all account registrations, handles, and profiles, for any public-facing (a) social media or social
networking website or online service, (b) blog or microblog, (c) photo, video or other content-sharing website, (d) virtual game world
or virtual social world, (e) rating and review website, (f) wiki or similar collaborative content website or (g) message board, bulletin
board, or similar forum.

Software
means any and all computer software and code, including all new versions, updates, revisions, improvements and modifications thereof,
whether in source code, object code, or executable code format, and including any and all computer programs, systems software, application
software (including mobile apps), firmware, middleware, models, software implementations of algorithms and methodologies development
tools, programming tools, scripts, routines, and interfaces, irrespective of the media on which it is recorded (other than shrink wrap,
click-thru or like licenses for commercial off-the-shelf software).

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, (a) of which such Person
or any other Subsidiary of such Person is a general partner, or (b) of which at least a majority of the securities or other interests
having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or others performing similar functions with
respect to such corporation or other organization is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or by any one or more
of its Subsidiaries, or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries.

12

Tax
or Taxes means all domestic or foreign federal, state, and local income, profits, franchise, gross receipts, environmental,
customs, duty, capital stock, severance, stamp, payroll, sales, employment, unemployment, disability, use, transfer, property, capital
gains, withholding, excise, value added, and occupancy taxes, or other taxes, duties or assessments of a similar nature imposed by a
Governmental Authority, together with all interest, penalties, charges, duties, fees, fines and additions with respect to such amounts.

Tax
Adjustment Escrow Amount means (a) if the Sales and Use Tax Report has not been delivered prior to Closing, an amount equal
to Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000), or (b) if the Sales and Use Tax Report has been delivered prior to Closing, the amount
of Taxes shown as due thereon that have not been paid by the Seller Group prior to the Closing.

Tax
Consideration has the meaning set forth in Section 5.11.

Tax
Return means any report, return, estimate, declaration, information return, or statement required to be filed in connection
with any Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment or supplement thereof.

Termination
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(g).

Third-Party
Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(a).

Threat
of Release means a reasonable likelihood of a Release that may require action in order to prevent or mitigate damage to the
environment that may result from such Release.

Title
Company means a title insurance company selected by Buyer and reasonably acceptable to Sellers. Without limiting the foregoing,
the Seller Group confirms that First American Title Insurance Company, 833 E. Michigan Street, Suite 550, Milwaukee, WI 53202 is acceptable.

Trade
Secrets means, collectively, trade secrets and other confidential or proprietary, information that is maintained in confidence
and derives value from such confidentiality, such as inventions and discoveries (whether or not patentable or reduced to practice), designs,
ideas, know-how, processes (including manufacturing and production processes), methods, techniques (including manufacturing and production
techniques), research and development plans, formulae, algorithms, technical data, financial, business and marketing plans and proposals,
customer and supplier lists, and price and cost information.

Trademark
Assignment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b)(iii).

Transferred
Employee has the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(a).

Transition
Services Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b)(ix).

Vacant
Owned Property has the meaning set forth in the definition of Facility.

Warehouse
Lease Property has the meaning set forth in the definition of Facility.

13

WARN
Act means the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act.

WARN
Act Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 5.12.

1.2
Rules of Construction.

Unless
the context otherwise requires:

(a)
A capitalized term has the meaning assigned to it in this Agreement;

(b)
An accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;

(c)
References in the singular or to him, her, it, itself, or other like references,
and references in the plural or the feminine or masculine reference, as the case may be, shall also, when the context so requires, be
deemed to include the plural or singular, or the masculine or feminine reference, as the case may be;

(d)
References to Articles, Sections, Schedules and Exhibits shall refer to articles, sections, schedules and exhibits of this Agreement,
unless otherwise specified;

(e)
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit
the scope, extent or intent of this Agreement or any provision thereof;

(f)
This Agreement is the product of arms-length negotiations between the Parties and shall be construed without regard to any presumption
or other rule requiring construction against the party that drafted and/or caused this Agreement to be drafted;

(g)
All monetary figures shall be in U.S. dollars unless otherwise specified;

(h)
References to including in this Agreement shall mean including, without limitation, whether or not so specified
and shall not be construed to limit any general statement that it follows to the specific or similar matters immediately following it;

(i)
The word extent in the phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to which a subject or other theory extends
and such phrase shall not mean if;

(j)
The word or is not exclusive and the words will and will not are expressions of command and
not merely expressions of future intent or expectation;

(k)
The words herein, hereinafter, hereof, and hereunder and any other words of similar
import shall, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole (including all of the Schedules and Exhibits
to this Agreement) and not merely to a particular term or provision of this Agreement or subdivision in which such words appear unless
the context otherwise requires; and

(l)
Whenever the phrase made available, delivered or words of similar import are used in reference to a document
(other than a document that, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, will be delivered after the date hereof), it shall mean the document
was delivered to Buyer or its Representatives prior to, or made available for viewing by Buyer or its Representatives in the [*****]
electronic data room hosted by Datasite (the Data Room), as that site existed as of 5:00 p.m. New York City, New
York time on the date that is one (1) Business Day prior to the date of this Agreement.

14

Article
II

Purchase and Sale of Assets

2.1
Purchase and Sale of Assets.

(a)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Calculation Time, AMMO shall sell, assign, transfer, and convey to Buyer,
and Buyer shall purchase, acquire and accept from AMMO, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens, all of AMMOs right,
title and interest in, to and under all of the property and assets and rights set forth on Section 2.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure
Schedule and any additional assets identified pursuant to Section 2.5(c) (the AMMO Assets); provided,
however, that in no event shall the AMMO Assets include any Excluded Asset.

(b)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Calculation Time, the Sellers shall sell, assign, transfer, and convey
to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase, acquire and accept from the Sellers, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens, all
of the Sellers right, title and interest in, to and under all of the property and assets and rights of every kind and nature,
whether real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible (including goodwill) wherever located, which relate to or are used in connection
with the Business, but excluding the Excluded Assets (the Seller Assets), including, without limitation, the following;

(i)
all accounts receivable and other rights to payment from customers of the Business;

(ii)
the Real Property, as follows;

(A)
the Owned Real Property and all of Seller Groups rights, title and interests therein, in connection with, or related thereto,
including without limitation:

(1)
the Seller Groups rights under that certain City TID No. 21 Development Agreement with AMMO dated April 6, 2021 (the Development
Agreement), by and between the City and AMMO with respect to the Developed Owned Property; and

(2)
the Seller Groups rights under that certain Option to Purchase (the Purchase Option) by and between the
City and Firelight, dated June 1, 2023, and recorded in the office of the Manitowoc County, WI Register of Deeds on August 4, 2023, as
Document No. 1264722, with respect to the Land Lease Property;

(B)
the Land Leases and the corresponding leasehold estate in the Leased Real Property thereunder;

(iii)
all personal property and interests therein owned by the Sellers used in the Business, including machinery, equipment, furniture, office
equipment, computers and related hardware, software, communications equipment, vehicles, storage tanks, spare and replacement parts,
fuel, supplies and other tangible personal property, together with any express or implied warranty by the manufacturers, sellers or lessors
of any item or component part thereof and all maintenance records and other documents relating thereto;

15

(iv)
all raw materials, work-in-process, finished goods, supplies and other inventories owned by the Sellers used in the Business, whether
stored at a Seller location or stored at a third party location;

(v)
all rights of the Sellers in, to and under the Assumed Contracts and the Purchase Orders;

(vi)
all expenses that have been prepaid by the Sellers, or by AMMO on behalf of or for the benefit of the Sellers, in connection with the
operation of the Business, including, but not limited to, lease and rental payments;

(vii)
all of the Seller Groups rights, claims, counterclaims, credits, causes of action or rights of set-off against third parties arising
from the operation of the Business, liquidated or unliquidated, including, without limitation, unliquidated rights under manufacturers
and vendors warranties, except to the extent they relate to Excluded Assets or Excluded Liabilities;

(viii)
the Intellectual Property owned by a member of the Seller Group that is set forth on Section 2.1(b)(viii) of the Seller Disclosure
Schedule, and all other Intellectual Property owned by, assigned to, or obligated pursuant Section 2.1(a), to be assigned to,
in each case as of the date of this Agreement or Closing, a member of the Seller Group that is used in connection with the Business or
that is necessary to the operation of the Business, in each case, as applicable, together with all goodwill associated therewith, (collectively,
the Seller Intellectual Property); provided, however, in the case of content contained in any Social Media Account
of a member of the Seller Group, Seller Intellectual Property does not include content identified as having a third-party source, such
as content posted by a third party or third-party content re-posted by or on behalf of a member of the Seller Group;

(ix)
all books, records, files and papers, whether in hard copy or computer format, owned or maintained by the Sellers to the extent relating
to the Business, including, without limitation, engineering information and records, sales and promotional literature, manuals and data,
sales and purchase correspondence, lists of present and former suppliers, lists of present and former customers, supporting dependent
documentation for all employees of the Sellers enrolled in any Plan, and supporting documentation for any active garnishment orders;

(x)
all goodwill associated with the Business or the Purchased Assets; and

(xi)
all other assets and property owned by the Sellers that are used in and necessary for the operation of the Business;

provided,
however, (a) if and to the extent that AMMO owns, has an interest in, or is a party to any Seller Asset, such Seller Asset shall
be deemed to be an AMMO Asset and included in the Purchased Assets without the necessity of being listed on Section 2.1(a) of
the Seller Disclosure Schedule, and (b) that in no event shall the Seller Assets include any Excluded Asset.

2.2
Excluded Assets. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or any other writing to the contrary, the following assets, properties,
rights, licenses and businesses owned by any member of the Seller Group (the Excluded Assets) shall be retained
by the Seller Group and shall be excluded from the Purchased Assets:

(a)
all Cash;

(b)
all bank accounts of the Seller Group;

16

(c)
all accounts receivable of the Seller Group that do not relate to the Business;

(d)
any Tax assets of the Seller Group, including but not limited to any refunds of Taxes and any Tax deposits, and interest thereon and
any deferred Tax assets of the Seller Group;

(e)
the Retained Business;

(f)
any contracts of insurance or related prepaid assets in respect of the Business (including, without limitation, prepaid insurance attributable
to insurance coverage provided by the Seller Group that will not continue following the Closing Date) and all claims, credits causes
of action or rights thereunder, other than the contracts of insurance listed on Schedule 3.20 or related prepaid assets applying
exclusively to the Business, if any;

(g)
assets relating to the Plans of each member of the Seller Group;

(h)
any assets which relate to or correspond to an Excluded Liability;

(i)
the rights of the Seller Group arising under this Agreement, the Ancillary Documents or the Contemplated Transactions;

(j)
all Intellectual Property owned by AMMO, to the extent any, that is not Seller Intellectual Property;

(k)
any Tax Returns, including related files and work papers;

(l)
all abandoned or unclaimed property reportable under any state or local unclaimed property, escheat or similar applicable Law where the
dormancy period elapsed prior to the Closing Date; 

(m)
the Organizational Documents and all minute books, stock records and corporate seals of each member of the Seller Group; 

(n)
any communications, records or files related to the Contemplated Transactions;

(o)
all corporate functions and operations of AMMO; 

(p)
all payroll records, personnel files and other employment records pertaining to employees of the Seller Group;

(q)
all other records that the Seller Group is required by Law to retain in their possession or that are subject to (i) applicable non-disclosure
or confidentiality agreements that have been provided to Buyer, or (ii) any member of the Seller Groups right to maintain attorney-client
privilege relating to the Business; and 

(r)
any Contract other than an Assumed Contract.

2.3
Assumption of Liabilities. Upon the terms and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Calculation Time,
the Seller Group shall assign and transfer to Buyer, and Buyer shall assume only the following liabilities of the Seller Group (the Assumed
Liabilities) and no other liabilities:

(a)
all liabilities included in the calculation of Final Closing Net Working Capital;

17

(b)
all obligations of the Seller Group with respect to the Business under the Contracts listed on Schedule 2.3(b) (collectively,
the Assumed Contracts) and the Purchase Orders, but only to the extent that such liabilities thereunder are required
to be performed after the Closing Date, were incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and do not relate
to any failure to perform, improper performance, warranty or other breach, default or violation by any member of the Seller Group on
or prior to the Closing;

(c)
all WARN Act Liabilities;

(d)
liabilities related to ordinary course returns of finished goods included in the inventory of the Business as of the Closing;

(e)
any Product Liability Claims and any Manufacturing Claims, in each case, only to the extent such Product Liability Claims or Manufacturing
Claims relate to products sold after the one (1) year anniversary of the Closing Date;

(f)
all liabilities that relate to Buyers conduct of the Business after Closing, excluding any Excluded Liabilities;

(g)
the following liabilities with respect to the Real Property:

(i)
all obligations of the Seller Group under the Real Property Leases; and

(ii)
all obligations of Seller Group under the Development Agreement;

provided,
however, that in no event shall the Assumed Liabilities include any Excluded Liability.

2.4
Excluded Liabilities. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or any other writing to the contrary, Buyer shall not assume
and shall not be responsible to pay, perform or discharge any liabilities of any member of the Seller Group or their Affiliates of any
kind or nature whatsoever other than the Assumed Liabilities (the Excluded Liabilities). The Seller Group shall,
and shall cause each of its Affiliates to, pay and satisfy in due course all Excluded Liabilities. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the Excluded Liabilities shall include, but not be limited to the following:

(a)
any liability arising out of or relating to the operation or conduct of the Retained Business by the Seller Group or any of their Affiliates;

(b)
any liability that relates to, arises from or corresponds to an Excluded Asset;

(c)
any and all liabilities related to current or former employees of the Seller Group, including, without limitation any liabilities associated
with any claims for wages or other benefits, overtime compensation, bonuses, commissions, accrued vacation, paid time off, leaves of
absence, workers compensation, severance, retention, termination or other payments and any liabilities arising under or in connection
with any Plans, but not including any WARN Act Liabilities;

(d)
any and all liabilities of any member of the Seller Group arising under this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions hereby;

(e)
any and all obligations to Baird or any other broker, finder or agent for any investment banking or brokerage fees, finders fees
or commission relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

18

(f)
any Taxes of the Seller Group, including, without limitation, the Transfer Taxes as described in Section 9.1(a) and any Taxes
of the Business or related to the Purchased Assets for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending before the Closing Date; 

(g)
any and all liabilities in respect of any pending or threatened Proceedings arising out of, relating to, or otherwise in respect of the
operation of the Business or Purchased Assets to the extent such Proceeding relates to such operation on or prior to the Closing Date;

(h)
any product liability or similar claim for injury to any Person or property arising out of or is based upon any express or implied representation,
warranty, agreement or guaranty made by any member of the Seller Group, or by reason of the improper performance or manufacture of a
product, improper design or manufacture, failure to adequately package, label or warn of hazards or other related product defects of
any products manufactured or sold by the Seller Group (collectively, Product Liability Claims), prior to the Closing
Date, but only to the extent such Product Liability Claims relate to products sold prior to the one (1) year anniversary of the Closing
Date;

(i)
any recall, design defect or similar claims of any products manufactured or sold by the Seller Group (collectively, Manufacturing
Claims), in each case, prior to the Closing Date, but only to the extent such Manufacturing Claims relate to products sold
prior to the one (1) year anniversary of the Closing Date; 

(j)
any claims or liabilities under Environmental Laws, to the extent arising out of or relating to facts, circumstances or conditions existing
on or prior to the Closing or otherwise to the extent arising out of any actions or omissions of the Seller Group;

(k)
any liabilities of the Business relating to or arising out of unfulfilled commitments, purchase orders, customer orders or work orders
that do not constitute part of the Purchased Assets;

(l)
any liabilities to indemnify, reimburse or advance amounts to any present or former officer, director, employee or agent of the Seller
Group (including with respect to any breach of fiduciary obligations by the same); provided, that this does not include such liabilities
which relate to such officer, director, employee or agent in their employment with Buyer or its Affiliates after the Closing;

(m)
any Indebtedness or any liabilities associated therewith; 

(n)
any liabilities arising out of, in respect of or in connection with the failure of any member of the Seller Group or any of their Affiliates
to comply with any Law or Order; and 

(o)
the liabilities set forth in Section 2.4(o) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.

provided,
however, to the extent any Purchased Asset which is a Contract would provide any member of the Seller Group recourse against a
third party for such claims or liabilities, at Seller Groups request, Buyer shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, use commercially
reasonable efforts to the extent permitted by such Contract and applicable Law to provide the Seller Group reasonable access to such
documents and personnel of Buyer to assist the Seller Group in seeking recourse from such third party and the Seller Group shall jointly
and severally indemnify Buyer and its Affiliates from all Losses, costs and expenses related to any such efforts or actions.

19

2.5
Corrective Transfer of Assets.

(a)
If, after the Closing, Buyer or any of its Affiliates possess any Excluded Asset, Buyer shall, or shall cause its Affiliates to, transfer
such asset to a Seller or its Affiliate (as designated by Sellers) at no cost to Sellers.

(b)
If, after the Closing, any member of the Seller Group or any of its Affiliates possess any Purchased Asset, such member of the Seller
Group shall, or shall cause its Affiliates to, transfer such asset to Buyer or its Affiliate (as designated by Buyer) at no cost to Buyer,
subject to Section 2.10.

(c)
If, after the Closing, any property, asset or right held by AMMO is found by Buyer or the Seller Group to be exclusively related to or
necessary for the operation of the Business and should have been an AMMO Asset but was not listed on Section 2.1(a) of the Seller
Disclosure Schedule, (a) promptly after making such determination, AMMO shall transfer such property, asset or right to Buyer or its
Affiliate (as designated by Buyer) at no cost to Buyer, and (b) such property, asset or right shall be deemed an AMMO Asset
for all purposes under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, assets related to or used in corporate functions of AMMO, such as
accounting, human resources and compliance matters shall not be deemed to be Purchased Assets. 

2.6
Consideration. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the consideration that Buyer shall pay to the Seller Group
for the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, and other rights of Buyer hereunder shall be an amount equal to (a) the Bid Cash Amount
plus (b) the amount, if any, by which Final Closing Net Working Capital exceeds the Net Working Capital Target minus (c)
the amount, if any, by which Final Closing Net Working Capital is less than the Net Working Capital Target (the total of the amounts
set forth in items (a) through (c), the Purchase Price). 

2.7
Closing.

(a)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the Contemplated Transactions (the Closing)
shall take place remotely by e-mail exchange of electronic (.pdf format) counterpart signature pages on the date that is two (2) Business
Days after the day on which the last of the conditions to the obligations of the Parties set forth in Article VI (other than those
conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions) shall
have been satisfied or waived in accordance with this Agreement, or at such other date and place as the Parties shall otherwise mutually
agree. The Parties intend that the Closing shall be effected, to the extent practicable, by conference call, the electronic delivery
of documents, and the prior physical exchange of certificates and certain other documents and instruments to be held in escrow by outside
counsel to the recipient party pending authorization by the delivering party (or their outside counsel) of their release at Closing.

(b)
At the Closing, the Seller Group shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer:

(i)
a bill of sale, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto for the Purchased Assets (the Bill of Sale),
duly executed by each member of the Seller Group;

(ii)
an assignment and assumption agreement for the Assumed Liabilities to be assigned to Buyer, substantially in the form of Exhibit B
hereto (the Assignment and Assumption Agreement), duly executed by each member of the Seller Group;

20

(iii)
trademark assignment agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto (the Trademark Assignment),
duly executed by each Seller that owns a Mark included in the Seller Intellectual Property;

(iv)
a patent assignment agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto (the Patent Assignment), duly
executed by AMMO Tech;

(v)
an intellectual property assignment, substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto (the IP Assignment Agreement),
duly executed by AMMO, as assignor, and AMMO Tech, as assignee, executed effective immediately prior to the Closing;

(vi)
the Escrow Agreement, duly executed by each member of the Seller Group;

(vii)
with respect to the Owned Real Property;

(A)
an Assignment and Assumption of the Development Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer (Assignment
and Assumption of Development Agreement) duly executed by the applicable Seller and the City;

(B)
an Assignment and Assumption of the Purchase Option in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer (Assignment and
Assumption of Purchase Option) duly executed by the applicable Seller and the City;

(C)
a recordable special warranty deed in customary form (the SWD), conveying to Buyer insurable fee simple title to
the Owned Real Property, free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens, duly executed by the applicable member of the Seller
Group, and utilizing Seller Groups record legal description, and a recordable quitclaim deed in customary form (collectively with
the SWD, the Deed), conveying to Buyer a fee simple title to the Owned Real Property, duly executed by the applicable
member of the Seller Group, and utilizing, at Buyers option, either or both the legal description from the title commitment or
the ALTA/NSPS land title survey obtained by Buyer. As set forth in Section 2.8(i)(i), the Seller Group shall pay all amounts,
costs, expenses, penalties, fees and premiums necessary to satisfy and discharge all mortgages, deeds of trust, or other security interests
encumbering the Owned Real Property which are not Permitted Liens; 

(D)
payoff letters from each lender of Seller Group that is the beneficiary of any mortgage, deed of trust, or other security interest encumbering
the Owned Real Property;

(E)
pursuant to the Real Property Tax Act of 1980, as amended, an affidavit in customary form and substance that the applicable Seller is
not a foreign person under Code Section 1445 and stating the applicable member of the Seller Groups United States taxpayer identification
number, duly executed by the applicable member of the Seller Group;

(F)
owners affidavit(s) from the applicable Sellers, in form and content satisfactory to the Title Company and Seller Group, confirming
that there are no known outstanding unsatisfied judgments, tax liens or bankruptcies against or involving the Seller Group which may
constitute a lien on the Owned Real Property, that the Seller Group has no knowledge of any labor or material furnished to the Owned
Real Property for which mechanics liens could be filed, that there are no known unrecorded interests in, or claims relating to, the Owned
Real Property, certifying the identity of any parties in actual possession of the Owned Real Property, and such other matters as are
customarily required with respect to the issuance of the Title Policy free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens, duly executed
by the applicable Sellers;

21

(G)
such other documentation and instruments as may be reasonably required by the Title Company and reasonably approved by the Seller Group
to effectuate the transfer of the Owned Real Property and the issuance of the Title Policy, including reasonable verification of the
authority of the signatories of the Seller Group to execute the Seller Groups respective closing deliveries, all duly executed
by the applicable member of the Seller Group;

(viii)
with respect to each Leased Real Property, an Assignment and Assumption of Lease in form and substance satisfactory to Buyer (each, an
Assignment and Assumption of Lease) duly executed by the applicable Seller and the applicable landlord;

(ix)
a Transition Services Agreement, in such form as mutually agreed upon by the Parties in accordance with Section 5.22 (the Transition
Services Agreement), duly executed by each member of the Seller Group;

(x)
the third-party consents listed on Section 6.3(c) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule;

(xi)
evidence satisfactory to Buyer that all Liens (other than Permitted Liens) have been, or concurrently with Closing will be, released
on the Purchased Assets; 

(xii)
certificates of good standing for each member of the Seller Group dated within ten (10) Business Days of the date of Closing from the
state of formation of each member of the Seller Group; 

(xiii)
a properly completed and executed IRS Form W-9 for each Seller and AMMO; 

(xiv)
properly endorsed title documents (or replacement title documents) for all vehicles and other titled Purchased Assets; 

(xv)
a sales and use tax report from the Wisconsin Department of Revenue dated between signing and Closing setting forth (A) a summary of
all sales and use tax returns filed by Enlight, including any missing or estimated periods, and (B) a summary of all sales and use Tax
obligations due and payable by Enlight to the State of Wisconsin (the Sales and Use Tax Report); 

(xvi)
to the extent Buyer provides the [*****] Notice prior to Closing, a Subcontractor Agreement with respect to the [*****] Contracts set
forth on the [*****] Notice, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer (the Subcontractor Agreement),
duly executed by AMMO granting Buyer the right to operate under the assumed [*****] Contracts through such date on which Buyer has received
a formal novation of contract with respect to such assumed [*****] Contracts; and

(xvii)
such other customary instruments of transfer, assumption, filings or documents, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Buyer, as may be required to give effect to this Agreement.

22

(c)
At the Closing, Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered:

(i)
to the Seller Group, by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the wire instructions and other directions set
forth on Section 2.7(c) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule or as delivered to Buyer by Seller Group at least two Business
Days prior to Closing, an amount equal to (A) the Closing Payment minus (B) the Adjustment Escrow Amount minus (C) the
Tax Adjustment Escrow Amount (if any);

(ii)
to the Escrow Agent, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to the accounts designated in writing by the Escrow Agent at least
two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Adjustment Escrow Amount and the Tax Adjustment Escrow Amount (if any);

(iii)
to the Seller Group, the Escrow Agreement, duly executed by Buyer and the Escrow Agent;

(iv)
to the Seller Group, the Bill of Sale, duly executed by Buyer;

(v)
to the Seller Group, the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, duly executed by Buyer; 

(vi)
to the Seller Group, the Trademark Assignment, duly executed by Buyer; 

(vii)
to the Seller Group, the Patent Assignment, duly executed by Buyer;

(viii)
with respect to the Real Property:

(A)
to the Seller Group, any required real property transfer tax forms, duly executed by the Buyer, to the extent applicable; 

(B)
to the Seller Group, such other documentation and instruments as may be reasonably required by the Title Company, if any, to effectuate
the transfer of the Owned Real Property and the issuance of the Title Policy, all duly executed by the Buyer; 

(C)
to the Seller Group, the Assignment and Assumption of Development Agreement, duly executed by Buyer; 

(D)
to the Seller Group, the Assignment and Assumption of Purchase Option, duly executed by Buyer; 

(E)
with respect to each Leased Real Property, an Assignment and Assumption of Lease duly executed by Buyer;

(ix)
to the Seller Group, the Transition Services Agreement, duly executed by Buyer; and 

(x)
to Enlight, a properly completed and duly executed Wisconsin Sales and Use Tax Exemption Certificate, Form S-211, for the finished goods
included in inventory, indicating a resale exemption.

23

2.8
Adjustments to Purchase Price.

(a)
At least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, Sellers shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer a statement (the Closing
Date Statement) setting forth in reasonable detail the Sellers good faith estimate of the Closing Net Working Capital
(the Estimated Closing Net Working Capital).

(b)
As promptly as practicable following the Closing Date, but no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the Closing Date, at Buyers
direction, Buyer shall cause certain accounting and operations personnel of Buyer or an Affiliate of Buyer to complete a physical inventory
count of the inventory of the Business located at the Facilities as of the Calculation Time. Such physical inventory count and related
assessment by Buyer shall be conducted following industry standard procedures and will be observed following GAAP. Buyer will provide
Seller Group with at least three (3) Business Days prior written notice of the date or dates on which the physical inventory count
will be taken and will permit a representative from the Seller Group to observe the physical inventory count and may provide comments
to Buyer regarding the inventory count, which Buyer shall consider and incorporate in good faith. The Seller Group will be entitled to
receive a copy of the results of the physical inventory count and related assessment by Buyer for each physical inventory taken as soon
as practicable and such results will be used by Buyer in the preparation of the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement described below and
the valuation for the inventory therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the results of the inventory count pursuant to this Section
2.8(b) shall in no way affect the ability of Buyer to test the inventory and to deduct any inventory that does not conform to SAAMI
or CIP specifications discovered within one hundred twenty (120) days following the Closing Date from Closing Net Working Capital pursuant
clause (a)(v) of Section 1.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule. 

(c)
As promptly as possible, but in any event within one hundred twenty (120) days after the Closing Date (Report Period),
Buyer shall prepare and deliver to the Seller Group (i) a consolidated balance sheet of the Business as of the Calculation Time and (ii)
a written statement (the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement) setting forth Buyers good faith calculation
of the Closing Net Working Capital and the resulting Purchase Price (assuming the amounts set forth in the Purchase Price Adjustment
Statement were final) together with such schedules and data with respect to the determination thereof as may be appropriate to support
the calculations set forth in the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement, all of which shall be prepared and determined in accordance with
this Agreement (including, to the extent applicable, the definitions contained herein and the calculations set forth on Section 1.1(b)
of the Seller Disclosure Schedule). The Parties agree that the purpose of preparing the balance sheet and determining Closing Net
Working Capital and the related adjustments contemplated by this Section 2.8(c) is to measure the amount of the Closing Net
Working Capital and such processes are not intended to permit the introduction of different judgments, accounting methods, policies,
principles, practices, procedures, classifications or estimation methodologies for the purpose of preparing the balance sheet or determining
the Closing Net Working Capital from those used in the preparation of the Estimated Closing Net Working Capital pursuant to Section 2.8(a),
and that each shall be prepared or determined, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Following the delivery
of the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement, Buyer shall provide the Seller Group and its Representatives with reasonable access to the
business records and documentary materials and analyses used in the preparation of the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement, and shall
use its reasonable best efforts to cause its accountants to, cooperate with and assist the Seller Group and its accountants in the conduct
of the review of such business records, documentary materials and analyses, including by providing reasonable access to any books, records
and work papers and making available personnel to the extent reasonably required in connection with such review, all to the extent deemed
reasonably necessary by the Seller Group. Buyer agrees that, following the Closing through the date that the Purchase Price Adjustment
Statement becomes final, binding and conclusive on all Parties in accordance with this Section 2.8, it will not take or permit
to be taken any actions with respect to any accounting books, records, policies or procedures that would reasonably be expected to impede
or delay the determination of Closing Net Working Capital and the Final Adjustment Amount or the preparation of any Objection Dispute
or the final Purchase Price Adjustment Statement. If Buyer does not deliver the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement to the Seller Group
within the Report Period, then at the election of the Seller Group (acting in its sole discretion), either (A) the Seller Group may prepare
and present the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement within an additional thirty (30) calendar days thereafter, or (B) the Closing Date
Statement and the Estimated Closing Net Working Capital as set forth thereon shall be final and binding for all purposes hereunder. If
the Seller Group elects to prepare the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement in accordance with clause (A) in the immediately preceding
sentence, then the Seller Group shall deliver written notice to Buyer of such election, and all references in Section 2.8(d) and
Section 2.8(e) to Buyer, on the one hand, and the Seller Group, on the other hand, will be deemed to be references to the Seller
Group, on the one hand, and Buyer, on the other hand, respectively.

24

(d)
If the Seller Group disagrees with the calculation of any of the items set forth in the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement, the Seller
Group shall notify Buyer in writing of such disagreement (an Objection Dispute) within thirty (30) days after receipt
of the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement by the Seller Group; provided, however, that in the event that Buyer does not
provide any materials reasonably requested by the Seller Group within five (5) days of request therefor (or such shorter period as may
remain in such thirty (30) day period), such thirty (30) day period shall be extended by one day for each additional day required for
Buyer to fully respond to such request. Any Objection Dispute shall specify in reasonable detail the nature of any disagreement so asserted
together with such schedules and data with respect to the determination thereof as may be appropriate to support the calculations objected
to in the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement, all of which shall be prepared and determined in accordance with this Agreement. If the
Seller Group fails to deliver written notice of an Objection Dispute to Buyer within thirty (30) days after delivery of the Purchase
Price Adjustment Statement to the Seller Group, the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement shall be deemed final and binding on the Parties
for purposes of this Agreement, including the calculation of the Purchase Price.

(e)
If the Seller Group delivers a notice of an Objection Dispute pursuant to Section 2.8(d), Buyer and the Seller Group shall
negotiate in good faith to resolve any Objection Dispute and any resolution agreed to in writing by Buyer and the Seller Group shall
be final and binding upon the Parties and the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement shall be adjusted in accordance with such resolution.
If Buyer and the Seller Group are unable to resolve all Objection Disputes within twenty (20) days of delivery of written notice of such
Objection Disputes by the Seller Group to Buyer, then the disputed matters shall, at the request of either the Seller Group or Buyer,
be referred for final determination to Grant Thornton (the Accounting Firm) within fifteen (15) days thereafter.
If such firm is unable to serve, Buyer and the Seller Group shall jointly select an Accounting Firm from an accounting firm of national
standing. If Buyer and the Seller Group are unable to agree upon an Accounting Firm within such time period, then the Accounting Firm
shall be an accounting firm of national standing designated by the American Arbitration Association. The scope of the disputes to be
resolved by the Accounting Firm shall be limited to whether the unresolved items in dispute that were included in the notice of an Objection
Dispute were prepared in accordance with this Agreement, in the Accounting Firms capacity as an expert and not an arbitrator,
and the engagement agreement with the Accounting Firm shall instruct the Accounting Firm to determine, on such basis, whether and to
what extent the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement requires adjustment solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Accounting
Firm shall only consider those items and amounts set forth on the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement as to which Buyer and the Seller
Group have disagreed, within the applicable time periods and on the terms specified in Section 2.8(d) and this Section 2.8(e),
and must resolve all unresolved Objection Disputes in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. The Accounting Firm
shall deliver to Buyer and the Seller Group, as promptly as practicable and in any event within sixty (60) days after its appointment,
a written report setting forth the resolution of any unresolved Objection Disputes determined in accordance with the terms herein. In
resolving any disputed item, the Accounting Firm shall be bound by the principles set forth in this Section 2.8 and shall
not assign a value to any item greater than the greatest value for such item claimed by either Buyer or the Seller Group or less than
the smallest value for such item claimed by either Buyer or the Seller Group. Such report shall be final and binding upon all of the
Parties for purposes of this Agreement, and the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement shall be adjusted in accordance with such report.
The fees, expenses, and costs of the Accounting Firm shall be borne equally by Buyer, on the one hand, and the Seller Group, on the other
hand. Upon the agreement of Buyer and Sellers in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 2.8(e) or the decision
of the Accounting Firm, or if the Seller Group fails to deliver written notice of disagreement to Buyer within the thirty (30) day period
provided in Section 2.8(d), the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, shall be deemed to be the final Purchase Price Adjustment Statement for purposes of this Section 2.8 (the
Final Purchase Price Adjustment Statement) and shall be deemed to be final and binding on the Parties for purposes
of this Agreement. The Closing Net Working Capital as shown on the Final Purchase Price Adjustment Statement, shall be referred to as
the Final Closing Net Working Capital. For purposes of this Agreement, the Final Adjustment Amount,
which may be positive or negative, means the Final Closing Net Working Capital minus the Estimated Closing Net Working Capital.

25

(f)
If the Final Adjustment Amount is a positive number, the Seller Group shall be entitled to receive from Buyer an amount in cash equal
to the Final Adjustment Amount which shall be paid pursuant to Section 2.8(g). If the Final Adjustment Amount is a negative number,
Buyer shall be entitled to receive payment of such amount which shall be paid pursuant to Section 2.8(h). Any payment made pursuant
to this Section 2.8 shall be treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for all purposes, including Tax purposes, except as
otherwise required by Law.

(g)
If the Seller Group is entitled to receive payment pursuant to Section 2.8(f), then (i) Buyer shall, not more than five (5)
Business Days after determination of the Final Adjustment Amount, make payment of the Final Adjustment Amount by wire transfer in immediately
available funds (or other alternative delivery arrangement mutually agreed by the Seller Group and Buyer) to, or as directed by, the
Seller Group, and (ii) not more than five (5) Business Days after determination of the Final Adjustment Amount, Buyer and the Seller
Group shall deliver a Joint Direction instructing the Escrow Agent to make a payment to, or as directed by, the Seller Group in an amount
equal to the balance of the Adjustment Escrow Account.

(h)
If Buyer is entitled to receive payment pursuant to Section 2.8(f), Buyer shall be entitled to receive a payment in cash
out of the Adjustment Escrow Account in an amount equal to the absolute value of the Final Adjustment Amount. Not more than five (5)
Business Days after determination of the Final Adjustment Amount, Buyer and the Seller Group shall deliver a Joint Direction instructing
the Escrow Agent to make a payment to Buyer in an amount equal to the lesser of the Final Adjustment Amount and the Adjustment Escrow
Amount. To the extent the Final Adjustment Amount exceeds the funds in the Adjustment Escrow Account (such deficiency, the Shortfall
Amount) then, the Seller Group, on a joint and several basis, shall be liable for and shall make payment of the Shortfall
Amount to such account as directed by Buyer by wire transfer in immediately available funds (or other alternative delivery arrangement
mutually agreed by Sellers and Buyer) to, or as directed by, Buyer, within five (5) Business Days after determination of the Final Adjustment
Amount. In addition, if the amount in the Adjustment Escrow Account is greater than the Final Adjustment Amount, then Buyer and the Seller
Group shall deliver a Joint Direction instructing the Escrow Agent to make a payment out of the Adjustment Escrow Account equal to (i)
the balance of the Adjustment Escrow Account minus (ii) the Final Adjustment Amount to, or as directed by, the Seller Group.

26

(i)
Real Property Costs; Prorations; Adjustments; D&O.

(i)
At the Closing, the following shall be adjusted to and credited between the Seller Group and Buyer and shall be prorated as of the Closing
Date in the manner customary for similar properties in Manitowoc, WI, which shall be deemed final: (A) for the Owned Real Property, all
general and specific real estate taxes, assessments and other city, township, county or state fees or charges (provided that any Taxes
applicable to the Owned Real Property (other than Transfer Taxes) shall be prorated in the manner set forth in Section 9.1(b));
and (B) for the Real Property Leases, all rent and other items of accrued or prepaid income and expenses.

(ii)
At the Closing, the Seller Group shall pay for (A) all costs to satisfy and remove any Lien on the Owned Real Property that is not a
Permitted Lien; (B) the cost of recording the Deed; (C) all Transfer Taxes applicable to the sale of the Owned Real Property; (D) the
base premium for the Title Policy in the amount of the Owned Property Purchase Price; and (E) the gap insurance premium (if applicable).
Buyer shall pay (W) the D&O Runoff cost; (X) the cost of any extended coverage for or endorsements to the Title Policy; and (Y) the
cost of any survey Buyer obtains. The Seller Group and Buyer shall each pay one-half () of any closing fee or charge imposed
by the Title Company.

2.9
Escrow. 

(a)
At the Closing, as provided in Section 2.7(c)(ii) hereof, Buyer shall deliver, by wire transfer of immediately available funds
(a) the Adjustment Escrow Amount to the Escrow Agent for deposit into an escrow account (the Adjustment Escrow Account),
and (b) the Tax Adjustment Escrow Amount if any, to the Escrow Agent for deposit into an escrow account (the Tax Adjustment
Escrow Account), each established pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement. Buyer, on the one hand, and the Seller Group,
on the other hand, shall each be responsible for one half (1/2) of the fees and expenses of the Escrow Agent.

(b)
Within five (5) Business Days following the Closing, the Seller Group shall request a Tax Clearance Certificate, in the form and substance
reasonably agreed to by Buyer, from the Wisconsin Department of Revenue for Enlight. If such Tax Clearance Certificate provides that
Enlight owes any Taxes, then Enlight or AMMO shall cause such Taxes to be paid to the Wisconsin Department of Revenue within ten (10)
Business Days of receipt of such Tax Clearance Certificate and, Buyer and the Seller Group shall, within three (3) Business Days of Buyers
receipt of reasonable documented evidence of such payment being made, deliver a Joint Direction instructing the Escrow Agent to release
any balance in the Tax Adjustment Escrow Account to the Seller Group. If the amount of the Taxes owed by Enlight as indicated on the
Tax Clearance Certificates exceeds the Tax Adjustment Escrow Amount, the Seller Group shall be jointly and severally liable to pay such
amount within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of such Tax Clearance Certificate.

2.10
Non-assignable Properties, Permits, Licenses and Contracts.

(a)
This Agreement will not constitute an assignment or transfer, or an attempted assignment or transfer, of any Permits, approval, license,
Contract, agreement or similar item which, but for this Section 2.10(a), would constitute a Purchased Asset (a Non-Assignable
Asset), if and to the extent that the assignment or transfer of such Non-Assignable Asset: (i) would require the consent or
waiver of a third party, including any Governmental Authority and such consent or waiver has not been obtained; (ii) would constitute
a breach of the terms of such Non-Assignable Asset; or (iii) would constitute a violation of any Law.

27

(b)
Buyer and the applicable member of the Seller Group will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such consents and waivers and
to resolve the impracticalities of assignment referred to in Section 2.10(a) and, in the interim, obtain for Buyer the benefit
of any Non-Assignable Asset.

(c)
If such consent or waiver referred to in Section 2.10(a) is not obtained, or if an attempted assignment would be ineffective or
would impair Buyers rights with respect to a Non-Assignable Asset so that Buyer would not, in fact, receive all such rights, then,
until the impracticalities of assignment referred to in Section 2.10(a) are resolved:

(i)
The applicable member of the Seller Group will use commercially reasonable efforts to (A) provide to and/or obtain for Buyer (other than
with respect to the costs or expenses of performance of such member of the Seller Groups obligations which are included in the
Assumed Liabilities which will be borne by Buyer as provided in this Agreement), the benefits of any Non-Assignable Asset; (B) cooperate
in any reasonable and lawful arrangement designed to provide or obtain such benefits to Buyer, and (C) at the request of Buyer, enforce
for the account of Buyer any right of such member of the Seller Group arising from any Non-Assignable Asset against such issuer or the
other party or parties referred to in Section 2.10(a) (including the right to elect to terminate in accordance with the terms
of such Non-Assignable Asset on the advice of Buyer); and

(ii)
With respect to any Permits, certifications and listings or the like with respect to the Business issued to a member of the Seller Group
by any Governmental Authority or certification organization which constitute a Non-Assignable Asset, such member of the Seller Group
will use commercially reasonable efforts to retain in good standing such Permits, certifications and listings or the like until such
time as the work to be performed by Buyer (or its designee) under any Assumed Contracts requiring such Permits, certifications and listings
or the like has been completed and Buyer has received full payment.

(d)
To the extent that Buyer is provided the benefits of any Non-Assignable Asset pursuant to this Section 2.10, Buyer will perform
the obligations of such member of the Seller Group under or in connection with such Non-Assignable Asset.

2.11
Withholding. Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold, from any amounts otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement, all
Taxes that are required to be deducted and withheld under any applicable Law. To the extent that any such amounts are so deducted or
withheld, such amounts shall be paid over to the applicable Governmental Authority and treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made. Prior to making any withholding, Buyer shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to (a) provide the relevant Person from which such withholding will be made with at least five (5)
Business Days advance notice of its intent to withhold (taking into account the relevant facts and circumstances) and (b) cooperate
in good faith with the relevant Person from which such withholding will be made to eliminate or mitigate any required withholding under
applicable law. 

Article
III

Representations and Warranties with respect to the Seller Group

Except
as set forth in the Seller Disclosure Schedule, each member of the Seller Group, jointly and severally hereby represents and warrants
to Buyer as follows:

28

3.1
Organization and Power.

(a)
Each member of the Seller Group is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in its jurisdiction of organization. Each member
of the Seller Group has all corporate or limited liability company power, as applicable, and authority necessary to (i) own or lease
its property and assets, specifically including but not limited to the Purchased Assets, (ii) to carry on its business as currently conducted,
including the Business (iii) to convey, assign, and transfer the Purchased Assets as set forth in this Agreement, (iv) to execute and
deliver this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which such member of the Seller Group is a party and to perform its obligations
hereunder and thereunder, and (v) to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.

(b)
Each member of the Seller Group is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation or foreign limited liability company, as applicable,
in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the Business or the character of the properties owned or leased by it require such qualification,
except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a material and adverse effect on the Business or Purchased Assets. 

3.2
Authorization and Enforceability. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which each member
of the Seller Group is a party and the performance by each member of the Seller Group of the Contemplated Transactions that are required
to be performed by such member of the Seller Group have been duly authorized by such member of the Seller Group, and no other corporate
or limited liability company proceedings on the part of any member of the Seller Group (including, without limitation, any stockholder
or member vote or approval) are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents
to which any member of the Seller Group is a party or the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions that are required to be performed
by each member of the Seller Group. This Agreement and each of the Ancillary Documents to be executed and delivered at the Closing by
any member of the Seller Group will be, at the Closing, duly authorized, executed and delivered by such member of the Seller Group and
assuming that such agreements are a valid and legally binding obligation of the other parties hereto or thereto, constitute, or as of
the Closing Date will constitute, a valid and legally binding agreement of such member of the Seller Group, enforceable against such
member of the Seller Group, in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other Laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles.

3.3
Capitalization.

(a)
AMMO owns all of the issued and outstanding Equity Securities of each Seller in such amounts as set forth on Section 3.3(a)
of the Seller Disclosure Schedule. All outstanding Equity Securities of the Sellers are duly authorized, have been validly issued, have
not been issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights and were issued in compliance with applicable securities Laws or exemptions
therefrom. None of the Sellers has any outstanding options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any
shares of its capital stock or limited liability company interests (as applicable) or any rights to subscribe for or to purchase, or
any agreements providing for the issuance (contingent or otherwise) of any shares of its capital stock or limited liability company interests
(as applicable).

(b)
Subsidiaries. None of the Sellers have any Subsidiaries nor do any of the Sellers own, directly or indirectly, any equity interests
in any Person.

(c)
Schedule 3.3(c) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all Organizational Documents in effect for each Seller,
including all amendments made thereto at any time prior to the Closing Date, and true, accurate and complete copies of each have been
provided to Buyer in the Data Room.

29

3.4
No Violation. Except as set forth on Section 3.4 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, the execution and delivery by
the Seller Group of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which any member of the Seller Group is a party, the consummation of
the Contemplated Transactions by the Seller Group and compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which
any member of the Seller Group is a party do not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Organizational Documents of such
member of the Seller Group, (ii) assuming that all consents, approvals and authorizations contemplated by Section 3.6
have been obtained and all filings described therein have been made, conflict with or violate any Law or Order applicable to the Seller
Group or by which their respective properties are bound, (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien other than a Permitted
Lien upon the Purchased Assets, (iv) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien other than a Permitted Lien upon such member of
the Seller Group; (v) require any material filing with, notice to or consent, waiver, or approval of any third party, other than the
consents, approvals and authorizations contemplated by Section 3.6, or (vi) violate or result in a material breach
of or constitute a default under, or require the consent of any third party under, or result in or permit the termination of any provision
of, or result in or permit the acceleration of the maturity or cancellation of performance of any obligation under, or give rise to any
right of termination, cancellation, modification or acceleration of any material right under any Material Contract.

3.5
Documents Sufficient. Assuming valid execution by the Buyer, the documents delivered by the Seller Group to Buyer pursuant to
Section 2.7(b) of this Agreement are valid, sufficient and effective to completely transfer to Buyer the full legal and equitable
title to the Purchased Assets. 

3.6
Governmental Authorizations and Consents. Except as disclosed in Section 3.6 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, no consents,
licenses, approvals or authorizations of, or registrations, declarations or filings with, any Governmental Authority (Governmental
Consents) are required to be obtained or made by any member of the Seller Group in connection with the execution, delivery
and performance, validity and enforceability of this Agreement or any Ancillary Documents to which any member of the Seller Group is,
or is to be, a party or the consummation by the Seller Group of the Contemplated Transactions, except for those Governmental Consents
listed in Section 3.6 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.

3.7
Financial Statements. Section 3.7(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule sets forth the following financial statements (the
Financial Statements): (a) the unaudited combined balance sheet and related statement of comprehensive income of
the Sellers (with respect to the Business) as of or for the periods ended (as applicable) March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024 and (b) the
unaudited balance sheet of the Sellers (with respect to the Business) as of June 30, 2024 (the Balance Sheet Date).
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, and
fairly present in all respects the combined financial condition of the Business as of its respective date and the consolidated results
of operations and stockholders equity, or cash flows, as the case may be, of the Business for the period covered thereby, subject
to the absence of footnote disclosures and normal and recurring end-of-period adjustments.

3.8
No Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as set forth on Section 3.8 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, the Sellers do not
have any material liabilities, commitments, or obligations related to the Business and there are no existing conditions, facts or set
of circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in, any material liability, commitment, payment, or obligation of the Sellers
(with respect to the Business) other than (a) those which are adequately reflected or reserved against on the face of the Financial Statements
as of the Balance Sheet Date, or (b) those incurred since the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practices and which are not liabilities, commitments, payments, or obligations for a breach of warranty, breach of contract, tort, infringement,
or violation of any Laws.

30

3.9
Absence of Certain Changes and Events. Except as set forth in Section 3.9 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, (a) since
the Balance Sheet Date, there has not been any change in the business, operations or financial condition of the Business that has had,
individually or in the aggregate, a Seller Material Adverse Effect and (b) since the Balance Sheet Date through the date hereof, no Seller
has, with respect to the Business:

(i)
acquired (including by merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock) any assets, tangible or intangible, for an amount that exceeds
$100,000 in the aggregate, other than inventory acquired in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;

(ii)
sold (other than the sale of inventories in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices), leased, pledged, mortgaged,
assigned, liquidated or otherwise disposed of any assets or property related to the Business, tangible or intangible, with a value greater
than $100,000 or of any such other asset or property related to the business with an aggregate value of $100,000;

(iii)
incurred Indebtedness for borrowed money that exceeds $100,000;

(iv)
cancelled, relieved or forgiven any third party Indebtedness for borrowed money owed to the Seller Group in excess of $100,000;

(v)
incurred any capital expenditure in excess of $100,000 other than for routine and customary repairs or replacement;

(vi)
modified or amended its respective Organizational Documents;

(vii)
issued, sold or otherwise permitted to become outstanding any shares of capital stock or limited liability company units, or split, combined,
reclassified, repurchased, or redeemed any shares of capital stock or limited liability company units;

(viii)
adopted a plan or agreement of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization,
or other material reorganization;

(ix)
established, adopted, entered into, amended (including any amendment with a future effective date), any benefit or compensation plan,
program, agreement or arrangement that would be a Plan if in effect on the date hereof or terminated any Plan, or accelerated the payment,
vesting, or funding of, or increased the amount of or granted any additional compensation or benefits thereunder or otherwise;

(x)
(A) increased or agreed to make any increase (including any promise of an increase) in the compensation (including bonuses) payable by
such Seller to any employee of the Business, other than annual increases in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices,
or (B) entered into an employment or other compensation agreement with any employee of the Business, providing for base salary at a rate
of more than $250,000 per annum, a severance amount equal to more than six (6) months of base compensation upon a change in control event;

(xi)
received notice of any material damage to or destruction or loss of any Purchased Asset, whether or not covered by insurance;

31

(xii)
received notice of any service, recall or warranty issue for any product marketed, designed, manufactured, made, or sold by any Seller;

(xiii)
entered into, terminated, amended, or modified any Material Contract or waived any material rights thereunder;

(xiv)
hired, engaged, terminated (without cause), furloughed, or temporarily laid off any employee or independent contractor with an annual
compensation at or above $100,000;

(xv)
terminated, cancelled, or experienced an adverse change in the business relationship with any customer or supplier of any Seller with
respect to the Business, including, but not limited to, any written or oral, notice by any customer or supplier of an intention to discontinue,
cancel, reduce the volume under, renegotiate or otherwise change the terms of its relationship with any Seller, including the terms of
any customer or supplier program; 

(xvi)
waived or released any non-compete, non-solicit, non-disclosure, non-interference, non-disparagement or other restrictive covenant obligation
of any current of former employee or independent contractor;

(xvii)
(A) reduced, other than as a result of the payment of claims, the amount of any insurance coverage provided by existing insurance
policies other than upon the expiration of any such policy; (B) failed to maintain in full force and effect insurance coverage materially
consistent with past practices, (C) failed to renew or replace any existing insurance coverage, or (D) made any claim or received any
payment under or pursuant to any insurance policy;

(xviii)
waived, released, assigned, settled or compromised any Proceeding for an amount in excess of $100,000;

(xix)
(A) changed or revoked any material Tax election, (B) adopted or changed any material method of Tax accounting (including any change
in its annual accounting period), (C) amended any material Tax Return, (D) prepared or filed any income or other material Tax Return
in a manner materially inconsistent with past practice, (E) entered into any Tax closing agreement within the meaning of Section 7121
of the Code or other settlement in respect of material Taxes or requested any ruling from any Governmental Authority in respect of Taxes,
(F) entered into any voluntary disclosure agreement or Tax amnesty filing, or (G) taken any action (or failed to take any action) that
would reasonably be expected to alter or change any material Tax practice of any Seller;

(xx)
changed its accounting practices, policies, procedures, or methodologies (including acceleration of accounts receivable, write down of
any inventory or reversal of any accruals), except to the extent required to conform with GAAP;

(xxi)
sold, assigned, abandoned, permitted to lapse, or granted to any third party an exclusive license under or with respect to any Seller
Intellectual Property that is used in the Business as currently conducted;

(xxii)
implemented any employee layoffs, plant closings, reductions in force, furloughs, temporary layoffs, salary or wage reductions,
work schedule changes or other such actions that triggered notice obligations under the WARN Act;

(xxiii)
disclosed to, authorized to be disclosed to, or failed to take commercially reasonable steps to prevent disclosure to, any Person
any Trade Secret (other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices pursuant to a valid and enforceable written
Contract providing for the confidentiality and non-disclosure by such Person of all such Trade Secrets);

32

(xxiv)
made any loan or advance to, or entered into any other transactions with, any Person, other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with Sellers written expense reimbursement policy or transactions with customers on credit in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practices; or

(xxv)
authorized, agreed, resolved, or committed to any of the foregoing.

3.10
Real Property.

(a)
Section 3.10(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule includes an accurate and complete list of all real property currently owned
by a Seller and used in the Business, including the common address and legal description thereof as set forth in the relevant deed pursuant
to which the applicable Seller acquired title to each Owned Real Property. As of the date hereof and as of Closing, (i) a member of the
Seller Group has good and valid fee simple title, free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens, to the Owned Real Property
and (ii) the Seller Group has not leased or otherwise granted to any other Person the right to occupy the Owned Real Property or any
portion thereof owned by the Seller Group. To the Knowledge of the Sellers, the current use of each Owned Real Property is in accordance
with the certificates of occupancy (if applicable) and there are no contractual or legal restrictions that preclude or restrict and no
facts known to the Seller Group that would prevent the Owned Real Property from being occupied and used by Buyer after the Closing in
the same manner as occupied and used by the Seller Group immediately prior to the Closing. The Seller Group has not received written
notice of any condemnation or other proceeding in eminent domain affecting any parcel of Owned Real Property or any portion thereof.

(b)
Section 3.10(b) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule includes an accurate and complete list of all real property leases, subleases,
licenses or other occupancies used in connection with the Business to which any member of the Seller Group is a party as lessee (the
Real Property Leases). The leasehold interests relating to the Real Property Leases are free and clear of all Liens,
other than Permitted Liens. No member of the Seller Group nor, to the Knowledge of the Sellers, any other party is in material breach
or material default of the Real Property Leases, and, to the Knowledge of the Sellers, no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse
of time, would constitute a material breach or material default or permit termination, modification or acceleration thereunder. Each
Real Property Lease is legal, valid and binding on, and enforceable against, the member of Seller Group which is party to such Real Property
Lease, and, to the Knowledge of the Sellers, on and against the lessor, in accordance with its terms, and is in full force and effect,
subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights
and to general equity principles. The Seller Group has not assigned, subleased, transferred, conveyed, mortgaged, deeded in trust, imposed
a lien on or encumbered any interest in the leasehold interests in the Leased Real Property. The applicable member of the Seller Group
is in good standing under each Real Property Lease and all rents and other sums currently due under the Real Property Leases have been
paid. The Seller Group does not owe any brokerage commissions or finders fees for the Leased Real Property.

(c)
The Real Property is the only real property used by the Seller Group in the operation of the Business. To the Knowledge of the Seller:
(i) all buildings, structures, fixtures and improvements are free of material patent and material latent defects; and (ii) no material
part of any building or structure encroaches on any real property not included in the Facilities, and there are no buildings, structures
or fixtures primarily situated on adjoining property which materially encroach on any part of the Facilities. All buildings, structures,
fixtures and improvements at the Real Property are in good condition sufficient for operation of the Business, ordinary wear and tear
excepted, and have been maintained in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices. During the past three (3) years,
there has been no material destruction, damage or casualty with respect to any Owned Real Property. To the Knowledge of the Sellers,
there is no existing or proposed governmental plan to modify or realign any street or highway or any existing or proposed eminent domain
Proceeding that would result in the taking of all or any part of any Real Property or that would prevent or hinder the continued use
of any Real Property as heretofore used in the operation of the Business. Except for Buyer, Seller Group has granted no other Person
a right to lease or purchase all or any part of the Owned Real Property by way of purchase agreement, right of first refusal, right of
first option or otherwise.

33

3.11
Title; Sufficiency of Assets; Condition of Property.

(a)
A member of the Seller Group has good, valid and marketable title to the Purchased Assets, free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted
Liens. Subject to Section 3.4, a member of the Seller Group has the full, absolute and unrestricted right to assign, transfer,
and convey the Purchased Assets to Buyer. Taking into account the AMMO Munitions Transfer, no Person other than the Seller Group has
any interest in the Purchased Assets. 

(b)
The Purchased Assets constitute all real and tangible property used by the Seller Group to conduct the Business as currently conducted
by the Sellers, and together with any services, occupancy and other rights to be provided to Buyer pursuant to any agreement contemplated
by this Agreement (including the Transition Services Agreement and the AMMO Munitions Transfer), are sufficient to conduct the Business
as presently conducted and are sufficient to continue to conduct the Business after the Closing. 

(c)
The tangible Purchased Assets are located at one of the Facilities and are structurally sound, are in good operating condition and repair,
and are adequate for the uses to which they are being put, and no tangible Purchased Asset is in need of maintenance or repairs except
as otherwise set forth on Section 3.11(c) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.

3.12
Intellectual Property.

(a)
Section 2.1(b)(viii) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of all of the following items
of Seller Intellectual Property: issued Patents and pending Patent applications, registered Marks and pending applications to register
Marks, material common law trademarks, Copyright registrations and pending applications to register Copyrights, material unregistered
works of authorship, internet domain name registrations, and Social Media Accounts. Each of the items of Seller Intellectual Property
identified on Section 2.1(b)(viii) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule that is registered or pending with a Governmental Authority
(collectively, Registered Seller Intellectual Property) is in good standing with the Governmental Authority with
which such Registered Seller Intellectual Property is registered or pending and all registration, renewal and maintenance fees in respect
of any such Registered Seller Intellectual Property that were finally due prior to the date hereof have been duly paid. No Registered
Seller Intellectual Property has been adjudicated invalid or is subject to any outstanding order, judgment or decree restricting its
use or adversely affecting the Sellers rights thereto. Sellers have the right to transfer the Seller Intellectual Property to
Buyer on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in this Agreement.

(b)
Sellers exclusively own (individually or collectively and taking into account the AMMO Munitions Transfer) all right, title and interest
in and to the Seller Intellectual Property, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens or the non-exclusive license in the
[*****] Contracts. The Sellers have a sufficient, valid, and enforceable license or right to use all other Intellectual Property used
in or necessary for the operation of the Business as currently conducted, in the manner in which such Intellectual Property is currently
used in the operation of the Business.

34

(c)
The Sellers and the operation of the Business do not infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate and, during the six (6) year period
immediately preceding the date of this Agreement, have not infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property
of any Person. To the Knowledge of the Sellers, no Person has in the past six (6) years, infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated,
or is infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating, any Seller Intellectual Property. During the past six (6) years, there has
been no Proceeding brought by or threatened in writing against any Seller, and no Seller has sent to or received from any Person any
written notices, demands, complaints, threats, or claims (including unsolicited offers, demands, requests to license as a means of avoiding
infringement, or cease and desist letters) related to any infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of any Intellectual Property
of a third party in connection with the operation of the Business, or related to the validity or enforceability of any Seller Intellectual
Property (including any actual or alleged infringement, misappropriation, or other violation thereof, or regarding the validity, enforceability,
or ownership thereof).

(d)
The Sellers have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect, preserve, and maintain the confidentiality of the Trade Secrets owned
by a Seller or that have been disclosed to a Seller under obligations of confidentiality. All Seller Intellectual Property developed
by employees or independent contractors of a member of Seller Group was developed by such employees or independent contractors within
the scope of their employment or engagement with such Seller Group member. Employees and independent contractors who have developed any
Seller Intellectual Property have assigned all rights, title and interest therein to a member of Seller Group, and AMMO has assigned
or prior to the Closing will have assigned to a Seller all Seller Intellectual Property developed by employees or independent contractors
of AMMO.

(e)
AMMO does not own any Seller Intellectual Property that is used by Sellers in connection with the Business as currently conducted, other
than the Seller Intellectual Property that will be assigned to AMMO Tech via the IP Assignment Agreement.

3.13
Contracts.

(a)
Material Contracts. Section 3.13(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule is an accurate and complete list, as of the date
hereof, of all of the following Contracts to which any member of the Seller Group (with respect to the Business) is a party or any of
the Purchased Assets are bound (collectively, the Material Contracts):

(i)
Contracts evidencing Indebtedness for borrowed money, and any Contract which is a mortgage, security agreement, or capital lease that
creates or grants a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) on any Purchased Asset;

(ii)
all Seller IP Agreements;

(iii)
all Contracts under which a Seller is a (A) lessee of or holds or operates any personal property, owned by any other Person, except for
any lease of personal property under which the aggregate annual rental payments do not exceed $100,000, or (B) lessor of or permits any
other Person to hold or operate any personal property owned or controlled by Sellers.

(iv)
all Contracts that were set-aside for small business and which were awarded to a Seller based on such Sellers certification that
it qualifies as a small business pursuant to the Small Business Act, applicable regulations promulgated by the Small Business
Administration, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation;

35

(v)
Contracts relating to the acquisition or disposition of (A) the business of a Seller (whether by merger, consolidation, sale of equity
or other securities, sale of assets or otherwise) (including any letters of intent) or (B) any property or asset with a value in excess
of $100,000, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;

(vi)
Contracts providing for (A) payment by any Person to any Seller or Affiliate of a Seller in excess of $100,000 annually on account of
products or services rendered by any Seller or (B) the purchase of products or services by any Seller from any Person in excess of $100,000;

(vii)
Contracts restraining, limiting, or impeding the freedom of a Seller to engage in any line of business, acquire any entity, or compete
with any Person or in any market or geographical area or to solicit, hire, or engage any Person;

(viii)
Contracts that (A) contain most favored nation, first refusal, first offer provisions or similar terms, (B) contain a minimum
volume commitment or purchase requirement or any other similar performance or financial goals clause in favor of the counterparty or
(C) require any Seller to conduct business exclusively with any counterparty; 

(ix)
Contracts for the employment or engagement of any former (to the extent of any ongoing liabilities) or current director, manager, officer,
employee, consultant or other individual service provider of Sellers (A) providing for annual base salary or fees of $100,000 or greater,
(B) that cannot be terminated on thirty (30) days notice or less without liability or obligation, or (C) providing for severance
or any payment in connection with the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions;

(x)
[Reserved.]

(xi)
Contracts or obligations on Sellers to maintain any type of insurance; 

(xii)
any Labor Agreements;

(xiii)
Contracts to make a capital expenditure or to purchase or sell a capital asset in excess of $50,000;

(xiv)
Contracts involving any joint venture, partnership agreements, strategic alliance, joint development or any other similar agreement involving
a third party;

(xv)
Contracts involving the resolution or settlement, conciliation or similar agreement of any Proceeding or threatened Proceeding entered
into in the last three (3) years;

(xvi)
any distributor agreements, sales representative agreements, reseller agreements, or similar agreements that provide for annual payments
by a Seller of $100,000 or more;

(xvii)
Contracts with a Material Customer; 

(xviii)
Contracts with a Material Supplier;

(xix)
all Real Property Leases; 

(xx)
any commitment or arrangement to enter into any of the foregoing; or 

36

(xxi)
any other Contracts that are material to the Purchased Assets or the operation of the Business not previously disclosed pursuant to
Section 3.13(a). provided, that Material Contracts shall not include Excluded Assets or Excluded Liabilities.

(b)
Status of Material Contracts. A true and complete copy of each Material Contract has been made available to Buyer. (i) Each Material
Contract (assuming due power and authority of, and due execution and delivery by, the other party or parties thereto) is valid, binding
and in full force and effect and constitutes a valid, enforceable and binding obligation of the Seller Group, as applicable, and to the
Knowledge of the Sellers, the other parties thereto, (ii) the member of the Seller Group party to such Material Contract is not in default
under or in material breach of, or in receipt of any written notice of default under or breach of, such Material Contract, and (iii)
to the Knowledge of the Sellers, no other party to any Material Contract is in default under or in breach of any Material Contract. No
member of the Seller Group has received written notice of termination, cancellation, acceleration, material modification or non-renewal
of a Material Contract and during the past twelve (12) months, none of the foregoing have occurred. During the past twelve (12) months,
no member of the Seller Group has received written notice of any material disputes under any Material Contract.

3.14
Compliance with Laws.

(a)
Except as set forth in Section 3.14(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, each member of the Seller Group is, and at all times
in the three (3) years preceding the Closing Date, has been (in each case, with respect to the Business and as it relates to AMMO, the
AMMO Assets or its ownership of the Sellers) in compliance in all material respects with all Laws that are or were applicable to such
member of the Seller Group or to the conduct or operation of the Business, or the ownership or use of any of the Purchased Assets.

(b)
Each member of the Seller Group, as applicable, holds all registrations, licenses, permits, authorizations, and approvals of Governmental
Authorities (Permits) which are required under applicable Law for the operation of the Business as currently conducted
as of the date hereof. Section 3.14(b) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of each material
Permit held by the Sellers or that otherwise relates to the Business or the Purchased Assets, and such Permits constitute all the Permits
necessary to operate the Business and own the Purchased Assets in all material respects. All such material Permits are, as of the date
hereof and at Closing, in full force and effect, and no suspension, revocation, cancellation or modification of any of them has been,
to the Knowledge of the Sellers, threatened. The Seller Group is, and has been for the last three (3) years preceding the Closing Date,
in compliance in all material respects with all such Permits.

3.15
Environmental Matters. Except as set forth in Section 3.15 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule:

(a)
The Seller Group is, and for the past five (5) years has been, in material compliance with, and have not been and are not in violation
of or liable under, any Environmental Law as it relates to the Business.

(b)
Each member of the Seller Group is in current possession of all Permits required by applicable Environmental Laws (collectively referred
to as Environmental Permits) as reasonably required to carry on the Business as currently conducted and is in material
compliance with the terms and conditions of such Environmental Permits and each such Environmental Permit is set forth in Section 3.15(b)
of the Seller Disclosure Schedule;

37

(c)
Since January 1, 2020, neither the Sellers nor any Affiliate have received any notices of violation, reports or other information from
any Governmental Authority or other Person which allege a violation of, or liability under, Environmental Laws or any permit listed in
Section 3.15(c) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, or otherwise allege a failure to undertake an Environmental, Health and
Safety Liability, in connection with the Business, and there are no Proceedings pending or threatened against the Sellers with respect
to the foregoing, in each instance as has given or would give rise to material liability under any Environmental Law.

(d)
There has been no Release or Threat of Release, of any Hazardous Substances at or from any Facility or at any other location where any
Hazardous Substances were generated, manufactured, refined, transferred, produced, imported, used, or processed from or by any Facility,
or from any other property or asset (whether real, personal or mixed) in which the Sellers have or had an interest, or any geologically
or hydrologically adjoining property, whether by the Sellers or any other Person, in each instances as has given or would give rise to
material liability under any Environmental Law.

(e)
There has been no design, manufacturing, repair, installation, marketing, distribution, or sale of any products or other items containing
any asbestos, presumed asbestos containing material or asbestos containing material, in each case as has given or would give rise to
material liability under any Environmental Law.

(f)
The Seller Group has delivered to Buyer (or posted in the Data Room) true and complete copies and results of all environmental, health
and safety audits, assessments and reports and all other material environmental, health and safety documents relating to the current
properties, facilities or operations of the Seller Group with respect to the Business, which are in the possession or under the reasonable
control of the Seller Group.

(g)
The Sellers have not assumed, undertaken, provided an indemnity with respect to, or otherwise become subject to, the material liability
of any other Person, under any Environmental Law or with respect to Hazardous Substances.

(h)
Except as set forth in Section 3.15(h) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, there are no underground or above ground storage tanks
located at the Facilities.

(i)
Sellers have no anticipated, planned, or necessary capital expenditures to address compliance with Environmental Laws.

3.16
Litigation. Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, there are no, and since January
1, 2022 there has not been any: (a) Proceeding pending or threatened in writing against any member of the Seller Group (with respect
to the Business), the Business, or any of the Purchased Assets or Assumed Liabilities, at law or in equity, or before any Governmental
Authority, (i) which questions the validity of this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Documents to which any member of the Seller Group
is a party or any action taken or to be taken in connection herewith or therewith or seeks to prohibit, enjoin or otherwise challenge
the Seller Groups ability to consummate the Contemplated Transactions or (ii) which if adversely determined would reasonably be
expected to have a Seller Material Adverse Effect; and (b) Orders or unsatisfied judgments, penalties or awards against or affecting
any member of the Seller Group or their properties or assets that would reasonably be expected to have a Seller Material Adverse Effect
or affect the use, occupancy, ownership, or transfer of the Purchased Assets. The Contemplated Transactions do not violate or constitute
a default under any such Order to which any member of the Seller Group is subject (with respect to the Business). [*****]

38

3.17
Labor Matters.

(a)
Section 3.17(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of the following information for each
employee and each individual engaged directly as a non-employee service provider who provide services to any member of the Seller Group
in connection with the Business: (i) employer; (ii) employee name; (iii) job title; (iv) status as exempt or non-exempt; (v) date of
commencement of employment or engagement; (vi) primary work location; (vii) method of compensation (i.e., salaried or hourly) and current
base compensation rate and any change in compensation since January 1, 2025; (viii) if applicable, commission or bonus eligibility; and
(ix) leave of absence status, if applicable.

(b)
In the past three (3) years, the Sellers have not violated the WARN Act or any similar state or local Laws. During the ninety (90) day
period prior to the date of this Agreement, the Sellers have complied with any applicable notice requirements under the WARN Act or any
similar state or local Laws.

(c)
No member of the Seller Group, with respect to the Business, (i) is party to or bound by any Labor Agreement, and no member of the Seller
Group is currently negotiating, or obligated to negotiate, any such agreement with any trade union or other labor organization; and (ii)
is subject to any order issued by the National Labor Relations Board against such member of the Seller Group for any unfair labor practice.
In the past five (5) years, there has been no union organizing activity with respect to employees of the Business. Since January 1, 2022,
there has been no actual or threatened unfair labor practice charges, material grievances, arbitrations, strikes, lockouts, picketing,
union organizing activities or other material labor disputes against or affecting the Business. 

(d)
The Sellers are, and since January 1, 2022 have been, in material compliance with all Laws relating to employment practices, terms and
conditions of employment, equal employment opportunity, nondiscrimination, immigration, wages, hours, benefits, collective bargaining,
the payment of social security and similar Taxes occupational safety and health, and other similar requirements under federal, state
or local Laws (Employment Laws). There are no, and since January 1, 2022 have not been any, Proceedings pending
or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened against any Seller relating to any alleged violation of Employment Laws.

(e)
Since January 1, 2022, the Sellers have fully and timely paid all wages, salaries, wage premiums, overtime compensation, commissions,
bonuses, fees, expense reimbursements, severance and other compensation that has come due and payable to their current and former employees
and other service providers under applicable Law or Contract.

(f)
Since January 1, 2022, the Sellers have promptly and reasonably investigated all allegations of employment discrimination, harassment
or retaliation of which they are aware. With respect to each such allegation found to have merit, the Sellers have taken prompt corrective
action that is reasonably calculated to prevent further improper conduct.

(g)
Except as set forth in Section 3.17(g) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, the consummation of the Contemplated Transaction will
not (i) entitle any employee or independent contractor of the Sellers to change in control pay, retention pay, severance pay, bonus payment,
commission payment or any other payment, (ii) accelerate the time of payment for vesting of, or increase the amount of compensation due
to, any such employee or independent contractor, or (iii) entitle any such employee or independent contractor to terminate, shorten or
otherwise change the terms of his or her employment or engagement. 

39

(h)
Sellers have properly classified all employees as exempt or non-exempt from overtime under applicable Law.

3.18
Employee Benefits.

(a)
Section 3.18(a)(i) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule lists all Plans. Section 3.18(a)(ii) of the Seller Disclosure
Schedule identifies as such any Plan that is intended to meet the requirements of Section 401(a) of the Code, and any Plan that is a
nonqualified deferred compensation plan within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Except as set forth in Section 3.18(a)(iii)
of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, no Plan is (x) a Defined Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 414(j) of the Code),
(y) a Multiemployer Plan (as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA) or (z) a plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, other than
a Multiemployer Plan.

(b)
With respect to each Plan, the Sellers have provided to Buyer accurate and complete copies of the following documents, to the extent
applicable: (i) all Plan documents (or, with respect to any Plan which is unwritten, a detailed written description of eligibility, participation,
benefits, funding arrangements, assets and any other matters which relate to the obligations of the Sellers or any ERISA Affiliate),
(ii) all trust agreements, insurance contracts or any other funding instruments related to the Plans, (iii) all rulings, determination
letters, compliance statements, closing agreements, opinion or advisory letters, no action letters or advisory opinions from, or any
other correspondence to or from, the IRS, the U.S. Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) or any other
Governmental Authority that pertain to each Plan and any open requests therefor, (iv) the most recent actuarial and financial reports
(audited and/or unaudited) and the annual reports filed with any Governmental Authority with respect to the Plans during the current
year and each of the three (3) preceding years with all corresponding schedules, financial statements, and management letter attached,
(v) all contracts with third party administrators, actuaries, investment managers, consultants and other independent contractors that
relate to any Plan, (vi) nondiscrimination tests performed under the Code for the three (3) preceding applicable plan years, (vii) all
summary plan descriptions, and summaries of material modifications, employee handbooks, memorandum dated January 1, 2025 regarding plan
deferral deposit correction, and email string most recently dated December 16, 2024 regarding 2023 401(k) audit.

(c)
Except as set forth in Section 3.18(c) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, full and timely payment has been made of all amounts
that are required under the terms of each Plan to be paid as contributions with respect to all periods prior to the Closing Date. The
Sellers have timely paid in full all required insurance premiums, subject only to normal retrospective adjustments in the ordinary course,
with regard to the Plans for all policy years or other applicable policy periods ending on or before the Closing Date.

(d)
The Sellers have, at all times, complied, and currently comply, in all material respects with the applicable continuation requirements
for their welfare benefit plans, including (1) Section 4980B of the Code (as well as its predecessor provision, Section 162(i) of the
Code) and COBRA and (2) any applicable state statutes mandating health insurance continuation coverage for employees. Sellers have no
present intention to cease maintaining a group health plan for Sellers employees after the Closing Date.

(e)
The form of all Plans is in compliance with the applicable terms of ERISA, the Code, and any other applicable laws, including the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996,
and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and all amendments to such laws, and such plans have been operated in compliance
with such laws and the written Plan documents. The Sellers have not been and will not be subject to tax for any month under Section 4980H
of the Code through the month in which the Closing occurs. Neither the Sellers nor any fiduciary of a Plan have violated the requirements
of Section 404 of ERISA. All required reports and descriptions of the Plans (including Form 5500 Annual Reports, Summary Annual Reports
and Summary Plan Descriptions and Summaries of Material Modifications) have been (when required) timely and properly filed, and all disclosures
required by ERISA or the Code or any other applicable Laws with respect to the Plans have been appropriately and timely given.

40

(f)
Each Plan has been established, maintained and administered in compliance in all material respects with its terms and all applicable
Laws, including ERISA and the Code. Each Plan intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination
letter from the IRS to the effect that such Plan is qualified under Sections 401(a) or if such Plan is a pre-approved plan, Sellers are
entitled to rely on a valid opinion or advisory letter from the IRS issued to the plan sponsor, and, to the Knowledge of the Sellers,
nothing has occurred that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the qualification of such Plan. Each trust created under any
Plan is exempt from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code, and the Sellers are not aware of any circumstance that will or could result
in a revocation of such exemption. Each Employee Welfare Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) that utilizes a funding vehicle
described in Section 501(c)(9) of the Code or is subject to the provisions of Section 505 of the Code has been the subject of a determination
by the IRS that such funding vehicle qualifies for tax exempt status under Section 501(c)(9) of the Code or that the plan complies with
Section 505 of the Code, unless the IRS does not, as a matter of policy, issue such notification with respect to the particular type
of plan. With respect to each Plan, no event has occurred or condition exists that will or could give rise to a loss of any intended
tax consequence or to any Tax under Section 511 of the Code.

(g)
As of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, there is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Sellers, threatened material Proceeding
by or on behalf of any Plan, any employee or beneficiary covered under any Plan or any Governmental Authority involving any Plan, or
otherwise involving any Plan (other than routine claims for benefits). Neither the Sellers, any ERISA Affiliate, nor any fiduciary of
a Plan has engaged in a transaction with respect to any Plan that, assuming the taxable period of such transaction expired as of the
date hereof, could subject the Sellers or Buyer to a Tax or penalty imposed by either Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502(1) of ERISA
or a violation of Section 406 of ERISA. The Contemplated Transactions will not result in the potential assessment of a Tax or penalty
under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502(1) of ERISA nor result in a violation of Section 406 of ERISA.

(h)
The Sellers have maintained workers compensation coverage as required by applicable state law through purchase of insurance and
not by self-insurance or otherwise.

(i)
Except as set forth in Section 3.18(i) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution of this Agreement nor consummation
of the Contemplated Transactions will, either alone or in combination with any other event, (i) accelerate the time of payment or vesting,
result in any funding, result in the forgiveness of indebtedness or increase the amount of any payment, compensation or benefit due to
any such director, manager, employee, independent contractor, consultant or officer under any Plan, (ii) result in any new or increased
contribution required to be made to any Plan, (iii) give rise to the payment of any amounts or benefits that, individually or in combination
with any other amount or benefit owed under any Plan, would not be deductible in accordance with Section 280G of the Code, or (iv) cause
any director, officer, employee or service provider to be entitled to a gross-up, make whole or other payment under any Plan as a result
of the imposition of Taxes under Section 4999 of the Code. There are no contracts or arrangements providing for payments that could subject
any Person to liability for Tax under Section 4999 of the Code.

(j)
Except for the continuation coverage requirements of COBRA, the Sellers have no obligations or potential liability for benefits to employees,
former employees or their respective dependents following termination of employment or retirement under any of the Plans that are Employee
Welfare Benefit Plans.

41

(k)
No written or oral representations have been made to any employee or former employee of the Sellers (or of any other Person) providing
services to the Sellers promising or guaranteeing any employer payment or funding for the continuation of medical, dental, life or disability
coverage for any period of time beyond the end of the current plan year (except to the extent of coverage required under COBRA). No written
or oral representation has been made to any employee or former employee of the Sellers (or of any other Person) providing services to
the Sellers concerning the employee benefits of Buyer.

(l)
Any Plan that is a nonqualified deferred compensation plan within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code currently conforms and at all
times has conformed in form and operation with the requirements of such Section and the regulations and other guidance thereunder.

3.19
Taxes. Except as set forth in Section 3.19 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, with respect to the Business and the
Purchased Assets:

(a)
All income and other material Tax Returns required to be filed by the Seller Group for all periods up to and including the Closing Date
have been filed, such Tax Returns were true and correct in all material respects. The Seller Group has paid all material Taxes, which
are due and payable or for which assessments have been received, the nonpayment of which would result in a lien or any successor liability
on any of the Purchased Assets.

(b)
There are no Liens for Taxes with respect to any of the Purchased Assets, other than Permitted Liens.

(c)
No member of the Seller Group is currently the beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file any Tax Return other than as
a result of an automatic extension of time to file a Tax Return obtained in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices.

(d)
There are no outstanding agreements or waivers extending the statutory period of limitation for the assessment and collection of any
Taxes applicable to any Tax Returns required to be filed with respect to any member of the Seller Group.

(e)
Each member of the Seller Group has deducted, withheld and paid over to the appropriate Governmental Authority all Taxes required to
be deducted, withheld or paid over in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee, creditor or interest holder.

(f)
No Proceeding is pending or threatened, in writing, against any member of the Seller Group with respect to any Taxes, nor have any claims
for additional Taxes been received by or assessed, in each case, in writing, against any member of the Seller Group. 

(g)
Except with respect to the affiliated group of which AMMO is the common parent, none of the Sellers (i) is or ever has been a member
of an affiliated group of corporations within the meaning of Section 1504 of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S.
Law), or (ii) has any liability for the Taxes of any Person under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision
of state, local, or non-U.S. Law), as a transferee or successor.

(h)
No member of the Seller Group has been notified in writing by any jurisdiction where such member of the Seller Group does not file Tax
Returns that such member of the Seller Group is required to file Tax Returns in such jurisdiction. 

42

(i)
No member of the Seller Group is a party to any Tax sharing, Tax indemnity, Tax allocation or similar agreement or arrangement with
respect to Taxes (other than agreements entered into in the ordinary course and the primary purpose of which is not related to Taxes).

3.20
Insurance.

(a)
Section 3.20(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule lists each insurance policy (individually, an Insurance Policy
and collectively, the Insurance Policies) maintained by a member of the Seller Group as of the date hereof relating
solely to the Business.

(b)
Section 3.20(b) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule contains loss runs for any such Insurance Policies since January 1, 2021.

(c)
All Insurance Policies are in full force and effect and no member of the Seller Group is in default with respect to their obligations
under any of such insurance policies. The Seller Group has complied in all material respects with the terms and provisions of the Insurance
Policies. The premiums on the Insurance Policies have currently been paid. No member of the Seller Group has received any written notice
of cancellation of, premium increase with respect to, or alteration of coverage under, any of the Insurance Policies. The Insurance Policies
are of the type and in the amounts sufficient for compliance with all applicable Laws and Contracts to which any member of the Seller
Group is a party or bound. All of the Insurance Policies are placed with insurance carriers rated A- or better by A.M. Best Rating Services,
Inc.

3.21
Customers and Suppliers.

(a)
Section 3.21(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule sets forth the top five (5) customers of the Business, taken as a whole
(based on the dollar amount of sales to such customers) for the fiscal years ending March 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024 (the Material
Customers). As of the date hereof, and as of the Closing Date, no Material Customer has provided written notice or, to the
Knowledge of the Sellers, other indication to any member of the Seller Group that it intends to (i) cease dealing with any member of
the Seller Group, (ii) materially reduce its purchases from or transactions with any member of the Seller Group, or (iii) materially
change, or request a material change to, the terms or conditions (whether related to payment, price, volume, commitments, liability,
delivery or otherwise) on which such member(s) of the Seller Group and such Material Customer do business.

(b)
Section 3.21(b) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule sets forth the top five (5) suppliers and vendors of the Business, taken
as a whole (based on the dollar amount of purchases made by the Sellers) for the fiscal years ending March 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024 (the
Material Suppliers). As of the date hereof, no Material Supplier has provided written notice or, to the Knowledge
of the Sellers, other indication to any member of the Seller Group that it intends to (i) cease dealing with the Seller Group, (ii) materially
reduce its sales to or transactions with the Seller Group, or (iii) materially change, or request a material change to, the terms or
conditions (whether related to payment, price, volume, commitments, liability, delivery or otherwise) on which the Seller Group and such
Material Supplier do business.

3.22
Data Privacy; Cybersecurity.

(a)
The Sellers have established an information security program (or programs) that includes reasonable safeguards designed to: (a) protect
the availability, integrity, security, and confidentiality of the IT Assets; and (b) protect against unauthorized access to or use or
alteration of the IT Assets. In the preceding three (3) years, the Sellers have not been notified in writing of any requirement, and
there have been no facts or circumstances that would require the Sellers, to give notice to any customers or other individuals of any
actual or suspected breach of security relating to a Security Incident or any other unauthorized access to or acquisition of any IT Assets.

43

(b)
Sellers collection, use, disclosure, retention, processing, security, transfer and storage of Personal Information is, and in
the preceding three (3) years has been, in material compliance with all Data Privacy and Security Requirements. The Sellers have all
authority, consents and authorizations required in all material respects to receive, process, use and disclose the Personal Information
in Sellers possession or under its control in connection with the operation of the Business. The Sellers have posted publicly
facing privacy policies and notices (collectively Privacy Policies). The Sellers are, and in the preceding three
(3) years have been, in compliance in all material respects with the terms of all such Privacy Policies. To the extent applicable to
Sellers, the Sellers are, and in the preceding three (3) years have been, in compliance in all material respects with the Payment Card
Industry Standard. The Sellers are, and in the preceding three (3) years have been, in compliance in all material respects with all laws
applicable to Sellers pertaining to marketing and advertising, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the Telemarketing Sales
Rule, the CAN-SPAM Act, and all state laws, rules and regulations that address the same or similar activity.

(c)
Each employee of the Sellers or their Affiliates who has access to Personal Information has received reasonable training with respect
to applicable Data Privacy and Security Requirements.

(d)
(i) There are no written complaints pending against Sellers alleging a violation of a Privacy and Security Law; (ii) Sellers are not
under investigation by any Governmental Authority for a violation of any Privacy and Security Laws; (iii) in the preceding three (3)
years Sellers have not received any written notices or audit requests from any Governmental Authority relating to a potential violation
of any Privacy or Security Law; or (iv) in the preceding three (3) years Sellers have not experienced any Security Incidents that would
require Sellers to provide any notification, or comply with any reporting requirements, under any Data Privacy and Security Requirement.

(e)
In the preceding three (3) years, the Sellers have used commercially reasonable efforts to protect the confidentiality, integrity and
security of the IT Assets and to prevent any unauthorized processing, use, access, interruption, or modification thereof.

(f)
The IT Assets (i) are sufficient in all material respects for the current needs of the Business, including as to capacity, scalability
and ability to process peak volumes in a timely manner, and (ii) are in sufficiently good working condition to effectively perform
all information technology operations of Sellers in all material respects. In the preceding three (3) years, the Sellers have used commercially
reasonable measures designed to ensure the IT Assets are free from any Malicious Code. 

(g)
In the preceding three (3) years, there have been no Security Incidents, including but not limited to any unauthorized use or disclosure
of Personal Information that would constitute a breach of Privacy and Security Laws for
which notification to individuals and/or regulatory authorities is required. In the preceding three (3) years, neither the Sellers nor
any third party acting at their direction or authorization has paid any perpetrator of any actual or threatened Security Incident or
cyber-attack, including, but not limited to a ransomware attack or a denial-of-service attack.

(h)
The Sellers maintain commercially reasonable written policies regarding data privacy, protection, and security. The Sellers have implemented,
maintained, and regularly test commercially reasonable disaster recovery procedures and facilities for the Business.

44

3.23
No Brokers. Except for Baird, the Seller Group has not employed or incurred any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise,
to any broker, finder or agent for any brokerage fees, finders fees, commissions or other amounts with respect to this Agreement,
the Ancillary Documents or the Contemplated Transactions.

3.24
International Trade. The Sellers have acted, with respect to the Business:

(a)
in compliance in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, any applicable Law implementing the
OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business or other applicable conventions, and any other
applicable anti-corruption law;

(b)
in compliance in all material respects with all relevant anti-boycott Laws and guidelines, including without limitation Section 999 of
the Code and regulations and guidelines issued pursuant thereto and the Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department
of Commerce, as amended from time to time, including all reporting requirements;

(c)
except as set forth in Section 3.24(c)(i) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, in compliance in all material respects with any import
or export control or sanctions Laws of any jurisdiction, including without limitation the Export Administration Regulations administered
by the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce, sanctions and embargo Laws and executive orders administered
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations administered
by the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls of the U.S. State Department, as amended from time to time; and in compliance with any required
export or re-export permits, licenses or authorizations granted under such Laws, which permits, licenses or authorizations are set forth
in Section 3.24(c)(ii) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule; and in material compliance with the Foreign Trade Regulations administered
by the Census Bureau of the U.S. Department of Commerce, as amended from time to time, and any Laws related thereto; and

(d)
in compliance with any and all applicable import Laws of any applicable jurisdiction in all material respects, including without limitation
the customs regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the Foreign
Trade Regulations administered by the Census Bureau of the U.S. Department of Commerce, as amended from time to time; and in material
compliance with any required import permits, licenses, authorizations and general licenses granted under such Laws, which permits, licenses
and authorizations are described in Section 3.24(d) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.

3.25
Agreements with Seller Related Persons. Except as set forth in Section 3.25 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, no
Affiliate of any member of the Seller Group that is not a party to this Agreement or such Persons officers or directors (each
a Seller Related Person), has, or in the three (3) years preceding the Closing Date, has had, any interest in any
property (whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible) used by or pertaining to the Sellers or the Business, and
no Seller Related Person owns, or in the three (3) years preceding the Closing Date, has owned, of Record or as a beneficial owner, any
Equity Securities or any other financial or profit interest in any Person that has (a) had business dealings or a financial interest
in any transaction with any member of the Seller Group with respect to the Business or (b) engaged in competition with the Seller Group
with respect to any line of the products or services of the Sellers with respect to the Business. Except as disclosed in Section 3.25
of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, no Seller Related Person is a party to any contract with, or has any claim or right against, any
member of the Seller Group, and any such contract is on fair market value terms.

45

3.26
Inventory. All inventory, finished goods, raw materials, work in progress, packaging, supplies, parts and other inventories included
in the Purchased Assets consist of a quality and quantity usable and salable in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
practice, except for any such inventory that has been written off or written down to fair market value for which adequate reserves have
been established on the Financial Statements. All inventory included in the Purchased Assets is owned by the Sellers free and clear of
all Liens, other than any Permitted Liens.

3.27
Product Liabilities and Warranties.

(a)
Except as set forth in Section 3.27(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, Sellers have not, at any time during the past five
(5) years, incurred any Losses as a result of any defect or other deficiency (whether of design, materials, workmanship, labeling, instructions,
or otherwise) with respect to any product designed, manufactured, sold, leased, licensed, or delivered, or any service provided by the
Sellers with respect to the Business, whether such Losses are incurred by reason of any express or implied warranty (including any warranty
of merchantability or fitness), any doctrine of common law (tort, contract, or other), any other legal requirement, or otherwise. No
Governmental Authority has, at any time during the past five (5) years, alleged that any product designed, manufactured, sold, leased,
licensed, or delivered by Sellers is defective or unsafe or fails to meet any product warranty or any standards promulgated by any such
Governmental Authority. During the past five (5) years, no product designed, manufactured, sold, leased, licensed, or delivered by Sellers
has been recalled, and Sellers have not received any written notice of recall of any such product from any Governmental Authority. To
Knowledge of the Sellers, no event has occurred or circumstance exists that (with or without notice or lapse of time) could result in
any such liability or recall.

(b)
Except as set forth in Section 3.27(b) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, Sellers have not given to any Person any product
or service guaranty or warranty, right of return, or other indemnity relating to the products manufactured, sold, leased, licensed, or
delivered, or services performed, by the Sellers. Sellers have legally excluded liability for all special, incidental, punitive, and
consequential damages to any customer, dealer, or distributor of Sellers or customer of any such dealer or distributor.

3.28
Accounts Receivable. The accounts receivable reflected on the Financial Statements (a) arise from bona fide transactions entered
into by Sellers involving the sale of goods or the rendering of services in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;
(b) constitute only valid, claims of Sellers and to the Knowledge of the Sellers, are not subject to claims of set-off or other defenses
or counterclaims; and (c) to the Knowledge of the Sellers are current and, to the Knowledge of the Sellers, collectible and will be collected
in accordance with their terms and their recorded amounts, subject only to a reserve for bad debts shown on the Financial Statements,
which any such reserve being determined in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

3.29
Solvency. 

(a)
The Seller Group, in the aggregate, is not now insolvent and will not be rendered insolvent by any of the transactions contemplated hereunder.
As used in this Section 3.29, insolvent means that the sum of the debts and other probable liabilities of such Person
exceeds the present fair value of such Persons assets. 

(b)
Immediately after giving effect to the Contemplated Transactions: (i) the Seller Group on a consolidated basis will be able to pay its
liabilities as they become due in the usual course of its business; (ii) the Seller Group on a consolidated basis will not have unreasonably
small capital with which to conduct its present or proposed business; (iii) the Seller Group on a consolidated basis will have assets
(calculated at fair market value) that exceed their liabilities, and (iv) taking into account all pending and threatened litigation,
final judgments against the Seller Group on a consolidated basis in actions for money damages are not reasonably anticipated to be rendered
at a time when, or in amounts such that, the Seller Group will be unable to satisfy any such judgments promptly in accordance with their
terms (taking into account the maximum probable amount of such judgments in any such actions and the earliest reasonable time at which
such judgments might be rendered) as well as all other obligations of the Seller Group on a consolidated basis. The cash available to
the Seller Group, after taking into account all other anticipated uses of the cash, on a consolidated basis will be sufficient to pay
all such debts and judgments promptly in accordance with their terms.

46

3.30
CARES Act Compliance. Section 3.30 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule sets forth all CARES Act stimulus fund programs
or other programs related to the COVID-19 pandemic in which the Sellers participated and the amount of funds received or requested by
the Sellers for each such program as of the date hereof (the CARES Funds). The Sellers were eligible for the CARES
Funds as of the date of its application and receipt and have complied in all material respects with all terms and conditions relating
to receipt and use of such CARES Funds. The Sellers have utilized all such CARES Funds prior to the Closing Date in accordance with the
CARES Act and all applicable Laws in all material respects. The Sellers have not received notice that they are the subject of an audit,
review, investigation or other inquiry or Proceeding by any Governmental Authority with respect to its application for, receipt or use
of, the CARES Funds, and, to the Knowledge of the Sellers, the Sellers are not the subject of an audit, review, investigation or other
inquiry or Proceeding by any Governmental Authority with respect to its application for, receipt or use of, the CARES Funds.

3.31
Disclaimer. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, EXCEPT FOR THE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE SELLER
GROUP EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE III, NONE OF THE MEMBERS OF THE SELLER GROUP, NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE MANAGERS, OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, AFFILIATES, REPRESENTATIVES OR ADVISORS OR ANY OTHER PERSON HAS MADE, OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE, NOR IS BUYER OR ANY
AFFILIATE THEREOF RELYING UPON, ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY
SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE III, NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY HAS BEEN MADE OR IS BEING MADE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY,
HEREIN TO BUYER, OR ANY OTHER PERSON (A) IN RESPECT OF THE SELLER GROUP OR ANY OF THEIR ASSETS, LIABILITIES OR OPERATIONS, INCLUDING
AS TO MERCHANTABILITY, SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR QUALITY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY TANGIBLE ASSETS OR AS TO THE
CONDITION OR WORKMANSHIP THEREOF OR THE ABSENCE OF ANY DEFECTS THEREIN, WHETHER LATENT OR PATENT (OR ANY OTHER REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY
REFERRED TO IN SECTION 2-312 OF THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE OF ANY APPLICABLE JURISDICTION), (B) WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROJECTIONS, FORECASTS,
BUSINESS PLANS, ESTIMATES OR BUDGETS DELIVERED TO OR MADE AVAILABLE TO BUYER OR ANY OTHER PERSON, OR (C) WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER INFORMATION
OR DOCUMENTS MADE AVAILABLE AT ANY TIME TO BUYER OR ANY OTHER PERSON, AND ANY SUCH OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMED. BUYER HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN ARTICLE III, BUYER IS ACQUIRING
THE PURCHASED ASSETS AND THE ASSUMED LIABILITIES ON AN AS IS, WHERE IS BASIS.

47

Article
IV

Representations and Warranties of Buyer

Buyer
hereby represents and warrants to the Seller Group as follows:

4.1
Organization and Power. Buyer is a limited liability company, duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws
of the State of Delaware and has all limited liability company power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Ancillary
Documents to which it is a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.
Buyer is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each of the jurisdictions in which the ownership, operation or leasing
of its properties and assets and the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified, licensed or authorized, except for those
jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified, licensed or authorized would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on Buyer or materially impair the ability of Buyer to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.

4.2
Authorization and Enforceability. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which Buyer is a
party and the performance by Buyer of the Contemplated Transactions have been duly authorized by Buyer, and no other limited liability
company proceedings on the part of Buyer (including, without limitation, any stockholder vote or approval) are necessary to authorize
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which Buyer is a party or the consummation of
the Contemplated Transactions. This Agreement is, and each of the Ancillary Documents to be executed and delivered at the Closing by
Buyer will be at the Closing, duly authorized, executed and delivered by Buyer and assuming that such agreements are a valid and legally
binding obligation of the other parties hereto or thereto, constitute, or as of the Closing Date will constitute, valid and legally binding
agreements of Buyer, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other Laws of
general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles.

4.3
No Violation. The Contemplated Transaction, the execution and delivery by Buyer of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents
to which Buyer is a party, consummation of the Contemplated Transactions by Buyer and compliance with the terms of this Agreement and
the Ancillary Documents to which Buyer is a party will not (a) conflict with or violate any provision of the Organizational Documents
of Buyer, or (b) assuming that all consents, approvals and authorizations contemplated by Section 4.6 have been obtained
and all filings described therein have been made, conflict with or violate in any material respect any Law applicable to Buyer or by
which their respective properties are bound. Neither Buyer nor its respective Affiliates are subject to any Contract that would materially
impair or delay Buyers ability to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.

4.4
Foreign Ownership and Control. As a result of the Contemplated Transactions, no Foreign Person, whether affiliated
as a limited partner or otherwise, will obtain, whether directly or indirectly, or otherwise as a result of the Contemplated Transactions,
any of the following: (i) control of Sellers; (ii) access to any material nonpublic technical information
of Sellers; (iii) membership or observer rights on any of Sellers Boards of Directors or the right to nominate an individual
to a position on any such Board of Directors; or (iv) any involvement (other than through voting of shares) in substantive
decision making of Sellers regarding (A) the use, development, acquisition, or release of any of critical technologies,
(B) the management, operation, manufacture, or supply of covered investment critical infrastructure or (C) the
use, development, acquisition, safekeeping, or release of sensitive personal data of U.S. citizens maintained or collected by
the Seller Group. Unless otherwise specified, all terms in this section in quotation marks are defined as those terms are defined
in Section 721 the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended, including all implementing regulations thereof.

48

4.5
Regulatory Compliance. Since January 1, 2000, (i) Buyer has not been debarred or otherwise deemed ineligible from participating
directly or indirectly in the manufacture, export, or brokering of defense articles, technical data or defense services, and (ii) neither
Buyer nor any board member, executive, officer, partner or owner of Buyer has been indicted or otherwise charged (e.g., charged by criminal
information in lieu of indictment) for or convicted of violating any of the U.S. criminal statutes enumerated in 22 CFR 120.6 or violating
a foreign criminal law on exportation of defense articles where conviction of such violation carries a minimum term of imprisonment of
greater than 1 year or is ineligible to contract with or receive a license from the US government. No foreign person who is a citizen
or national of or resident in, or foreign government of, countries specified in 22 CFR 126.1: (a) owns more than 5 percent of the outstanding
voting securities or equity of Buyer or (b) has the authority or ability to establish or direct the general policies or day-to-day operations
of Buyer.

4.6
Governmental Authorizations and Consents. No Governmental Consents are required to be obtained or made by Buyer in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance, validity and enforceability of this Agreement or any Ancillary Documents to which it is,
or is to be, a party, or the consummation by Buyer of the Contemplated Transactions, except for those Governmental Consents listed in
Section 3.6 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule. 

4.7
Litigation. As of the date hereof, there is no Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Buyer, threatened against or involving
Buyer or its properties or business, at law or in equity, or before any Governmental Authority, which questions the validity of this
Agreement or any of the Ancillary Documents to which it is a party or any action taken or to be taken in connection herewith or therewith
or seeks to prohibit, enjoin or otherwise challenge Buyers ability to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.

4.8
Sufficiency of Funds. Buyer has (either in the form of cash on hand and/or available and usable capacity under its existing credit
facilities), and at the Closing will have, in the form of cash, sufficient funds to consummate the Contemplated Transactions, including
the payment of all amounts payable pursuant to Article II. Buyer expressly acknowledges and agrees that Buyers ability
to obtain financing is not a condition to its obligations under this Agreement.

4.9
No Brokers. Neither Buyer nor any of its Affiliates has employed or incurred any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise,
to any broker, finder, or agent for any brokerage fees, finders fees, commissions, or other amounts with respect to this Agreement,
the Ancillary Documents, or the Contemplated Transactions.

49

4.10
No Inducement or Reliance; Independent Assessment.

(a)
Buyer has not been induced by and has not relied upon any representations, warranties or statements, whether express or implied, made
by any member of the Seller Group or any of their respective Affiliates, officers, managers, directors, employees, agents or Representatives
(collectively, the Seller Parties), except for the representations and warranties of the Seller Group expressly
set forth in Article III and the Seller Disclosure Schedule, whether or not any such representations, warranties or statements
were made in writing or orally. Buyer represents and warrants that no Seller Party has made, and that it has not relied or is not relying
upon, any representation or warranty, express or implied, oral or written, including any implied warranty of merchantability or of fitness
for a particular purpose, as to the accuracy or completeness of any information regarding the Seller Group, the Purchased Assets, the
Assumed Liabilities, or the Contemplated Transactions except for the representations and warranties of the Seller Group expressly set
forth in Article III and the Seller Disclosure Schedule, and none of the Seller Parties will have or be subject to any liability
to Buyer or any other Person resulting from the distribution to Buyer or its Representatives, or the use by Buyer or its Representatives,
of any information, including publications, any confidential information memorandum or Data Room information (except to the extent information
in the Data Room is reflected in the Seller Disclosure Schedule) provided to Buyer or its Representatives, or any other document or information
in any form provided to Buyer or its Representatives in connection with the Contemplated Transactions. Buyer acknowledges that it has
inspected and conducted, to its satisfaction, its own independent investigation of the Sellers, the Business, and the Purchased Assets
and, in entering into this Agreement, Buyer has relied on the results of its own independent investigation and analysis. WITHOUT LIMITING
THE FOREGOING, BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE SELLER PARTIES HAVE MADE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY CONCERNING (I) ANY USE TO WHICH THE
ASSETS OF THE SELLERS MAY BE PUT, (II) ANY FUTURE REVENUES, COSTS, EXPENDITURES, CASH FLOW, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL CONDITION
OR PROSPECTS OF THE SELLERS, OR (III) ANY OTHER INFORMATION OR DOCUMENTS MADE AVAILABLE TO BUYER OR ITS AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SUCH INFORMATION IS REFLECTED ON THE SELLER DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE. BUYER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT NEITHER THE SELLER
GROUP NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES HAVE MADE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES IN ANY ANCILLARY DOCUMENT. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH
HEREIN, NEITHER THE SELLER GROUP NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES MAKE OR PROVIDE, AND BUYER HEREBY WAIVES, ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, CONFORMITY TO SAMPLES OR CONDITION OF THE SELLERS,
THE BUSINESS OR THE PURCHASED ASSETS OR ANY PART THEREOF.

(b)
Except as expressly set forth in Article III, Buyer acknowledges that none of the Seller Parties makes, will make or has made, and Buyer
has not relied upon, any representation or warranty, express or implied, including as to the prospects of the Sellers or the Business
or profitability for Buyer, or with respect to any forecasts, projections or business plans made available to Buyer (or its respective
Affiliates or Representatives) in connection with Buyers review of the Sellers. The Data Room does not purport to contain all
of the information that may be required to evaluate all of the factors that would be relevant to Buyer in considering entering into any
transaction, and Buyer acknowledges that Buyer has had the opportunity to conduct, and has conducted to its satisfaction, its own due
diligence, analysis and investigation with respect to the Contemplated Transactions. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law,
and except as expressly permitted in Article VII and except as expressly set forth in Article III and the Seller Disclosure
Schedule, none of the Seller Parties shall have any liability to Buyer or its respective Affiliates or Representatives on any basis (including
in contract or tort, under federal or state securities Laws or otherwise) based upon any other representation or warranty, either express
or implied, included in any information or statements (or any omissions therefrom) provided or made available by the Seller Parties,
in connection with the Contemplated Transactions.

Article
V

Covenants

5.1
Conduct of the Sellers.

(a)
Except (w) to the extent required by any applicable Law or Contract, (x) as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, (y) as set forth
in Section 5.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, or (z) as consented to in writing by Buyer (which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), during the period from the date hereof until the earlier of the Closing Date and the
date this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Article VIII, (A) each Seller will conduct the Business in the ordinary course and
(B) each Seller will not, with respect to the Business:

(i)
modify or amend any of its Organizational Documents;

50

(ii)
issue any Equity Securities;

(iii)
acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or substantial portion of the assets of,
any Person, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association or other business organization or division
thereof;

(iv)
incur any Indebtedness for borrowed money secured by a Lien on the Purchased Assets which is not released prior to Closing;

(v)
divest, sell or otherwise dispose of, or encumber any asset, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;

(vi)
adopt a plan or agreement of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization, or
other reorganization;

(vii)
(A) enter into or adopt or amend or terminate any Plan (or arrangement that would have been a Plan had it been in existence on the date
hereof) or (B) enter into an employment agreement or offer letter that provides for a base salary of more than $250,000 per annum, a
severance amount equal to more than six (6) months of base compensation upon termination of employment or other payment upon a change
in control event, or (C) increase the salary or target annual incentive compensation opportunity payable to any employee of the Business
at the manager level or above whose base salary (after any increase thereof) exceeds $250,000 except, in any such case, (1) to the extent
required by Law, (2) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or (3) as expressly contemplated by this Agreement
or the terms of any Plan or any Contract in existence on the date hereof;

(viii)
change its accounting policies or procedures except to the extent required to conform with GAAP;

(ix)
make any loan to, or enter into any other transactions with, any member of the Seller Group, its Affiliates, managers, officers, or key
employees;

(x)
change its fiscal year; 

(xi)
allow any Permit required for the conduct of the Business as currently conducted or the ownership and use of the Purchased Assets to
lapse or expire; 

(xii)
fail to pay all debts, Taxes and other obligations of the Business when due;

(xiii)
fail to continue to collect accounts receivable in a manner consistent with past practice;

(xiv)
fail to maintain the tangible properties and assets included in the Purchased Assets in the same condition as they were on the date of
this Agreement, subject to reasonable wear and tear; 

(xv)
allow any insurance policies to lapse without procuring a renewal, replacement or other substitution that provides substantially similar
coverage;

(xvi)
fail to defend and protect the properties and assets included in the Purchased Assets from infringement or usurpation; 

51

(xvii)
fail to perform any of its obligation under the Assumed Contracts; 

(xviii)
amend, enter into, renew, modify or otherwise revise any Contract or Purchase Order or series of related Contracts or Purchase
Orders which individually, or in the aggregate have a contractual value in excess of $250,000;

(xix)
take or permit any action that would cause any of the changes, events or conditions set forth in Section 3.9 to occur; or 

(xx)
authorize, agree, resolve, or consent to any of the foregoing.

(b)
During the period from the date hereof until the earlier of the Closing Date and the date this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Article
VIII, except for assignments or transfers to AMMO Tech, AMMO will not sell (other than the sale of inventories in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practices), lease, pledge, mortgage, assign, liquidate or otherwise dispose of any of the AMMO Assets
or any of the Seller Assets (except as permitted by Sellers in Section 5.1(a)) or any Equity Securities of any Seller. 

(c)
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give to Buyer, directly or indirectly, rights to control or direct the operations of the Seller
Group or the Business prior to the Closing. Prior to the Closing, each member of the Seller Group shall exercise, consistent with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision of its operations.

(d)
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit any member of the Seller Group from (i) repaying Indebtedness or (ii) declaring, setting
aside or making any cash distributions in respect of, any outstanding Equity Securities on or prior to the Closing.

(e)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any member of the Seller Group may, during the period from the date hereof
until the earlier of the Closing Date and the date this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Article VIII and without Buyers
consent, sell inventory as required in order to lower the total value of inventory below $49,012,630.

5.2
Access Prior to the Closing. During the period from the date hereof until the earlier of the Closing Date and the date this Agreement
is terminated pursuant to Article VIII, the Seller Group shall (i) provide Buyer financial statements for the Business prepared
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and the trial balances that support such financial statements for periods
following the date of this Agreement as reasonably requested by Buyer, and (ii) provide Buyer and its Representatives reasonable access
during regular business hours and upon reasonable notice to all offices, Facilities, financial books and records of the Business as Buyer
may request; provided, that (a) Buyer and its Representatives shall schedule such access and visits through a designated officer
of the party providing access and in such a way as to avoid disrupting in any material respect the normal business of the party providing
access, (b) no member of the Seller Group shall be required to take any action which would constitute a waiver of the attorney-client
or other privilege or would compromise its confidential information, and (c) no member of the Seller Group need supply the other
parties with any information which, in the opinion of legal counsel to such member of the Seller Group, such member of the Seller Group
is under a contractual or legal obligation not to supply. Each member of the Seller Group shall permit Buyer and its Representatives
to survey the Real Property for the purposes of preparing an ALTA/NSPS land title survey, and the Seller Group shall permit Buyer and
its Representatives to conduct such investigations and inspections of the Real Property (including without limitation, inspections of
the structures, roofs, heating, ventilation, air conditioning, electrical and plumbing systems and other components of the buildings
and improvements located in, on or about the Real Property) as may be necessary to assess the condition of the Real Property and the
suitability of the Real Property for its intended uses pursuant to the terms of a reasonable and customary access agreement; provided,
in no event shall Buyer or its Representatives conduct any invasive or destructive testing or investigations of the Real Property absent
Seller Groups prior written consent, to be granted or withheld at Seller Groups reasonable discretion. Any investigation
pursuant to this Section 5.2 shall be conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the Business
or any other business of the Seller Group. No investigation by Buyer or other information received by Buyer shall operate as a waiver
or otherwise affect any representation, warranty or agreement given or made by the Seller Group in this Agreement. For the avoidance
of doubt, any information provided or made available in connection with such access pursuant to this Section 5.2 shall be
deemed to be, and treated as, Confidential Information in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the
Confidentiality Agreement. Prior to the Closing, Buyer shall not (and shall cause its Representatives and Affiliates not to) use any
information obtained pursuant to this Section 5.2 for any purpose unrelated to the Contemplated Transactions. Buyer agrees
that from the date hereof until the Closing Date or the earlier termination of the Agreement, it is not authorized to, and shall not
(and shall not permit any of its Representatives or Affiliates to) contact and communicate with the employees, customers, providers,
service providers and suppliers of the Seller Group without the prior consultation with and written approval of Sellers; provided,
however, that the foregoing restriction shall not prohibit any contacts by Buyer or Buyers Representatives or Affiliates
with the customers, providers, service providers, and suppliers of the Sellers in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practices unrelated to the Contemplated Transactions.

52

5.3
Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Buyer and the Seller Group shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other
parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable,
the Contemplated Transactions. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Parties shall take or agree to take any action that could
reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions set forth in Article VI not being satisfied or to impair, prevent or
delay the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.

5.4
Regulatory Filings. The Parties acknowledge that AMMO and Enlight are currently registered
under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) as a manufacturer. The Seller Group and Buyer shall notify,
or shall cause to be notified, the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DDTC), within
five (5) days of the Closing as required pursuant to ITAR 122.4(a) and in accordance with DDTCs guidance for this notification
(the ITAR Material Change Notification).

5.5
Employee Matters.

(a)
On the Closing Date, Buyer or one of its Affiliates shall make an offer of employment, to be effective as of the Calculation Time, to
the employees of the Sellers set forth on Section 5.5(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule (the Designated Employees)
on the terms set forth in this Section 5.5. Each Designated Employee who accepts such offer and commences employment with Buyer
or one of its Affiliates as of the Calculation Time shall be a Transferred Employee. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, Buyer agrees, in accordance with Wisconsin Statutes 109.07(6)(a), that Buyer or one of its Affiliates will hire
substantially all of the Sellers employees in Wisconsin. For the avoidance of doubt, any employee of the Sellers that is on leave
of absence (which does not include anyone on paid time off for vacation or personal time) as of the Calculation Time shall not be a Designated
Employee.

(b)
Following the Closing Date, Buyer shall, or shall cause its Affiliates to, provide each Transferred Employee with (i) base salary or
base wages and a target annual incentive opportunity, (ii) severance benefits, and (iii) employee benefits (including, without limitation,
retirement, health and welfare, and fringe benefits), each on substantially similar terms and conditions in the aggregate as are provided
to similarly situated employees of Buyer.

53

(c)
For purposes of participation of a Transferred Employee in a benefit plan of Buyer or its Subsidiaries (a Buyer Benefit Plan),
each Transferred Employee, to the extent permitted and consistent with the terms and conditions of a Buyer Benefit Plan, shall be credited
with all years of service for which such Transferred Employee was credited before the Closing Date under any comparable Plans, except
to the extent such credit would result in a duplication of benefits. In addition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
(i) each Transferred Employee shall be immediately eligible to participate, without any waiting time, in any and all Buyer Benefit Plans
to the extent that coverage under such Buyer Benefit Plans replaces coverage under comparable Plans in which such Transferred Employee
participated; (ii) for purposes of each Buyer Benefit Plan providing medical, dental, pharmaceutical and/or vision benefits to any Transferred
Employee, Buyer shall cause all pre-existing condition exclusions and actively-at-work requirements of such Buyer Benefit Plan to be
waived for such Transferred Employee and his or her covered dependents, (iii) Buyer shall cause any eligible expenses incurred by such
Transferred Employee and his or her covered dependents during the portion of the plan year of the Plan ending on the date such Transferred
Employees participation in the corresponding Buyer Benefit Plan begins to be taken into account under such Buyer Benefit Plan
for purposes of satisfying all deductible, coinsurance, and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to such Transferred Employee
and his or her covered dependents for the applicable plan year as if such amounts had been paid in accordance with such Buyer Benefit
Plan, and (iv) each Transferred Employee shall be bound by and subject to the employee policies and procedures of Buyer and any applicable
terms and conditions of any applicable Buyer Benefit Plan.

(d)
Except for any WARN Act Liabilities, the Seller Group shall be solely responsible, and Buyer shall have no obligations whatsoever for,
any compensation or other amounts payable to any current or former employee, officer, director, independent contractor or consultant
of the Business, including, without limitation, hourly pay, commission, bonus, salary, accrued vacation, fringe, pension or profit sharing
benefits or severance pay for any period relating to the service with Seller at any time on or prior to the Closing Date and the Seller
Group shall pay all such amounts to all entitled individuals prior to the Closing Date.

(e)
The Seller Group shall remain solely responsible for the satisfaction of all claims for medical, dental, life insurance, health accident
or disability benefits brought by or in respect of current or former employees, officers, directors, independent contractors or consultants
of the Business or the spouses, dependents or beneficiaries thereof, which claims relate to events occurring on or prior to the Closing
Date. The Seller Group shall also remain solely responsible for all workers compensation claims of any current or former employees,
officers, directors, independent contractors or consultants of the Business which relate to events occurring on or prior to the Closing
Date. The Seller Group shall pay, or cause to be paid, all such amounts to the appropriate individual when due. 

(f)
Nothing in this Section 5.5 shall (i) confer upon any employee or other service provider a right to continue in the employ
or service of the Seller Group or Buyer, (ii) be deemed or construed to be an amendment or other modification of any Plan or Buyer
Benefit Plan, or (iii) create any third-party rights in any current or former service provider or employee of the Seller Group or Buyer
or any of their respective Affiliates (or any beneficiaries or dependents thereof).

5.6
Preservation of Books and Records. For a period of seven (7) years from the Closing Date or such longer time as may be required
by Law:

54

(a)
Buyer shall not and shall cause its Affiliates not to dispose of or destroy any of the books and records (including Tax Returns) of
the Business relating to periods prior to the Closing Date (the Books and Records) without first offering to turn
over possession thereof to the Sellers by written notice to the Sellers at least sixty (60) days prior to the proposed date of such disposition
or destruction.

(b)
Buyer shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, (i) provide the Sellers and their agents with electronic access to any portions of the
Books and Records that are available in electronic format, (ii) allow the Sellers and their agents reasonable access to all other Books
and Records on reasonable notice and at reasonable times at Buyers principal place of business or at any location where any Books
and Records are stored, and permit the Sellers and their agents, at their own expense, to make copies of any Books and Records, and (iii)
make available Buyers or its Affiliates personnel to assist in locating such Books and Records. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Buyer shall not be obligated to provide Sellers with access to any Books and Records (including personnel files) where such access, in
the reasonable judgment of Buyer, would violate any Law or waive the attorney-client privilege or similar privilege or doctrine.

5.7
Public Announcements. Except as may be required by Law, none of Buyer or any member of the Seller Group (nor any of their respective
Affiliates) will issue or make any press release or public statement with respect to this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions
without the prior consent of the other Parties, not to be unreasonably withheld; provided, that the Party proposing to issue any press
release or similar public announcement or communication in compliance with any such disclosure obligations shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to consult with the other parties before doing so.

5.8
Representation & Warranty Insurance. As reasonably practicable following the execution of this Agreement, Buyer shall use
commercially reasonably efforts to bind coverage under the Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy effective as of the date of this
Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions of the associated binder agreement, at Buyers sole expense, to insure Buyer against
breaches by the Seller Group of their representations and warranties pursuant to this Agreement, with coverage to incept as of the date
of this Agreement. Buyer shall take all reasonable actions within its control (or, as the case may be, shall refrain from taking action)
to cause the Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy to be issued promptly in accordance with the terms of its associated binder
agreement and, thereafter, to remain in full force and effect. No insured party under the Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy
shall waive, amend, modify or otherwise revise, or allow any waiver, amendment, modification or revision of the Representation and Warranty
Insurance Policy, without the prior written consent of the Seller Group if such waiver, amendment, modification or revisions would reasonably
be expect to materially adversely affect any member of the Seller Group or any of their respective direct or indirect, current, former
or future, equityholders, parents, subsidiaries, shareholders, members, managers, directors, officers, employees, beneficiaries, trustees,
fiduciaries or partners. The Seller Group shall cooperate reasonably with Buyer in connection with obtaining the Representation and Warranty
Insurance Policy.

5.9
Incorrect Payments. To the extent Buyer receives payment for product, including for the accounts receivable, that was sold by
a member of the Seller Group prior to the Closing, Buyer shall promptly pay such amounts to the Seller Group. To the extent a member
of the Seller Group has received payment or prepayment for product that is sold by Buyer after the Closing, such member of the Seller
Group shall promptly pay such amounts to Buyer.

5.10
Change of Name. Promptly following the Closing, but in no event later than five (5) Business Days following the Closing Date,
each member of the Seller Group shall amend their Organizational Documents and take all other actions necessary to change its name to
one without any reference to the term AMMO or any Marks that are included in the Seller Intellectual Property or other
term likely to be confused therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each member of the Seller Group shall have ninety days (90) days
following the Closing Date (the Transition Period) to remove all Marks that are included in the Seller Intellectual
Property from customer-facing or public-facing marketing, advertising, signage, or other materials (or to destroy and dispose of such
materials), and Buyer hereby grants Seller Group a limited, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license during the Transition Period
to use such Marks, solely for such purposes, during such period of time. Seller Group will ensure that any materials on which the Marks
appear, and the manner in which the Marks appear, during the Transition Period are of at least the same quality as prior to the Closing
Date and do not tarnish Buyer or otherwise reflect negatively on Buyer. Excepting only the limited wind-down purposes described in this
Section 5.10, or as expressly provided in the Transition Services Agreement, no member of the Seller Group nor any their Affiliates
shall have any ownership right in or license to use any of the Marks included in Seller Intellectual Property; provided, however, that
the foregoing shall not be deemed to prohibit or otherwise limit the right of the Seller Group to display or use such Marks in connection
with the reselling or brokering the sale of ammunition in the ordinary course of business in the GunBroker Business as long as such use
does not infringe Buyers rights in such Marks. Subject to the foregoing, the Seller Group covenants and agrees that, immediately
upon the Closing, the Seller Group shall cease using, making, selling, offering for sale, and reproducing, and shall cause their Affiliates
to cease using, making, selling, offering for sale, and reproducing, any Seller Intellectual Property in any activities, promotion, brochures,
stationery, products and in all other respects.

55

5.11
Tax Allocation. Not later than ninety (90) days after the determination of the Final Adjustment Amount in accordance with the
terms of Section 2.8 hereof, Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Sellers (i) an allocation of the Purchase Price (as finally determined
pursuant to Section 2.8), the Assumed Liabilities and any other amounts properly included in the amount realized for income Tax
purposes (the Tax Consideration) among each Seller, and (ii) a further allocation of the Tax Consideration attributable
to each Seller among each Sellers assets (the Allocation Statement), which Allocation Statement shall be
prepared in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code. Buyer shall consider in good faith any reasonable comments provided by Sellers,
in writing, to Buyer within thirty (30) days of Sellers receipt of the Allocation Statement. The Allocation Statement (as finally
determined) will be binding on all of the Parties (including for purposes of filing IRS Form 8594), and the Parties agree neither to
take, nor permit any of their Affiliates to take, any position for income Tax purposes that is inconsistent with such Allocation Statement,
except as otherwise required by Law. In the event that the Allocation Statement (as finally determined hereunder) is disputed by any
Governmental Authority in writing, the Party receiving notice of such dispute will promptly notify the other Party; provided that the
failure of the Party receiving such notice of dispute to promptly notify the other Party shall not constitute a breach of this provision
unless such other Party is actually prejudiced by such failure.

5.12
WARN Act. Buyer shall be solely responsible for any liability under the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification
(WARN) Act, or the Wisconsin Business Closing and Mass Layoff Law, Wisconsin Statutes Section 109.07 and Wisconsin Administrative Code
Chapter DWD 279, arising out of or relating to, in whole or in part, the termination of the employment or the employment loss of any
employee in Wisconsin at or after the Calculation Time, whether alone or in combination with any termination of employment occurring
prior to the Calculation Time (collectively, the WARN Act Liabilities).

5.13
COBRA. Sellers shall be responsible for any continuation of health care coverage under COBRA and applicable state law for the
employees and former employees of Sellers and/or their spouses and dependents who have a loss of health care coverage due to a qualifying
event before, on, after or otherwise in connection with the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, including satisfaction of
any legally mandated notice requirements.

5.14
D&O Insurance. At or prior to the Closing, the Sellers shall purchase, at the cost and expense of Buyer, tail policy for a
period of not less than six (6) years for the directors and officers liability insurance policy currently maintained by
Sellers (the D&O Runoff); provided, that the amount that Buyer will pay for shall not exceed three hundred percent
(300%) of the current annual premium paid by Sellers and shall be included in the amount paid to Seller Group at Closing. All retentions
and deductibles throughout the tail period shall remain the responsibility of the Sellers.

56

5.15
No Solicitation of Other Bids.

(a)
Until the earlier of (x) the date of the termination of this Agreement in accordance with
its terms and (y) the Closing, the Seller Group shall not, and shall not authorize or permit any of their Affiliates or any
of its or their Representatives to, directly or indirectly, (i) encourage, solicit, initiate, or facilitate an Acquisition Proposal,
(ii) enter into discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information to, or continue inquiries regarding or respond to any Person
concerning a possible Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) enter into any agreements or other instruments (whether or not binding) regarding
an Acquisition Proposal. The Seller Group shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated, and shall cause their Affiliates and all
of its and their Representatives to immediately cease and cause to be terminated, all existing discussions or negotiations with any Person
conducted with respect to, or that could lead to, an Acquisition Proposal. 

(b)
The Seller Group shall promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business Days after receipt thereof by any member of the Seller Group
or their Representatives) advise Buyer orally and in writing of any Acquisition Proposal, any request for information with respect to
any Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry that could reasonably be expected to result in an Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and
conditions of such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry and the identity of the Person making the same. 

(c)
The Seller Group acknowledges and agrees that the rights and remedies for noncompliance with this Section 5.15 shall include having
such provision specifically enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction, it being agreed that any breach or threatened breach shall
cause irreparable injury to Buyer and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy to Buyer.

5.16
Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation.

(a)
Each member of the Seller Group acknowledges the highly competitive nature of the business conducted by Sellers and accordingly agrees
that, during the period beginning on the Closing Date until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date (such period, the Restricted
Period), each member of the Seller Group shall not, and shall cause Speedlight and its Subsidiaries (together with the Seller
Group, the Restricted Persons) not to, directly or indirectly, in any capacity, at any location in any country or
region in which Sellers have conducted business or sold goods or services in the twenty-four (24) months prior to the date of this Agreement,
which for the avoidance of doubt shall not be limited to the locations from which Sellers physically operate their business (the Restricted
Territory), except pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement or any subcontracting arrangement contemplated under Section
5.24:

(i)
establish, own, manage, operate, finance or control, or participate in the establishment, ownership, management, operation, financing
or control of, or be a shareholder, partner, joint venturer, or other equity owner in, lender to, officer, director, employee, salesperson,
consultant, agent or representative of any Person that is competitive with, or engages in a business similar to that of the Business
(any such business, a Competing Business); provided, however, that this provision shall not apply
to the ownership of not more than two percent (2%) of any publicly traded legal entity, provided that any member of the Seller Group,
individually or together, are not actively involved in the management of any such legal entity, and hold such interest solely for investment;
and provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Competing Business shall not include (A) the
GunBroker Business as operated by the Seller Group and its Affiliates, or (B) marketing, distributing or selling to consumers ammunition
or ammunition components (as long as such ammunition is not manufactured by Seller Group or its Affiliates);

57

(ii)
(A) solicit any Person who is or was an employee of the Business or (B) solicit, retain, hire, or attempt to hire any Person listed on
Section 5.16(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule as permitted by law; provided that nothing in subsection (ii)
will prohibit any Restricted Person from using general solicitations (including through search firms or general news or media outlets)
not targeted at current or former employees of the Business; or

(iii)
solicit, induce or attempt to solicit or induce, directly or indirectly, any customer or supplier of the Business to terminate or materially
reduce its usage of or provision of materials or supplies to the Business. 

(b)
It is expressly understood and agreed that, although each member of the Seller Group and Buyer consider the restrictions contained in
Section 5.16(a) to be reasonable; if a final judicial determination is made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the time
or geographic territory or any other restriction contained in such sections is an unenforceable restriction against a member of the Seller
Group, the provisions of such sections shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory
and to such maximum extent as such court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent
jurisdiction finds that any restriction contained in Section 5.16(a) is unenforceable, and such restrictive covenant cannot be
amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained herein.

(c)
In connection with this Agreement, Buyer and the Seller Group acknowledge and agree that each of the covenants set forth in Section
5.16(a) is an essential element of this Agreement and that, but for the agreement of the Seller Group to comply with the covenants
contained herein, Buyer would not have entered into this Agreement.

(d)
Each member of the Seller Group acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach of this Section 5.16 would give rise to irreparable
harm to Buyer, for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy, and hereby agrees that in the event of a breach or a threatened
breach by any such member of the Seller Group of any such obligations, Buyer shall, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies
that may be available to it in respect of such breach, be entitled to equitable relief, including a temporary restraining order, an injunction,
specific performance and any other relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction (without any requirement to post
bond).

5.17
Bulk Sales Laws. The Parties hereto waive compliance with the provisions of any bulk sales, bulk transfer or similar Laws of any
jurisdiction that may otherwise be applicable with respect to the sale of any or all of the Purchased Assets to Buyer; it being understood
that any liabilities arising out of the failure of the Seller Group to comply with the requirements and provisions of any bulk sales,
bulk transfer or similar Laws of any jurisdiction shall be treated as Excluded Liabilities.

5.18
Ceasing Operations. Each member of the Seller Group agrees that it shall cease all operations with respect to the Business immediately
prior to the Calculation Time, except as may be required pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement.

5.19
Third Party Consents. From the date hereof until the Closing, the Seller Group shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
(a) consent from each of the counterparties to the Contracts set forth on Section 3.4 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule to the
assignment of such Contracts (to the extent such Contract is a Purchased Asset) and (b) the documents on Section 5.19 of the Seller
Disclosure Schedule. Buyer shall provide an executed counterpart for the applicable documents as indicated on Section 5.19 of
the Seller Disclosure Schedule. Receipt of such consents or documents shall in no event be a condition to Closing. From and after the
Closing, the Seller Group shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with Buyer to obtain (at Buyers sole cost and
expense) any such consents or such documents that were not obtained prior to Closing. The Seller Group may terminate any Contracts that
constitute Excluded Liabilities or Excluded Assets prior to Closing so long as such termination does not adversely impact the Purchased
Assets or impose any liability on Buyer. 

58

5.20
Certain Proceedings. The Seller Group and Buyer acknowledge and agree that prior to and following the date of this Agreement,
the Seller Group has provided, and shall continue to provide, to the extent permitted by Law, Buyer with all available information and
complete visibility into the status of the Proceedings described on Section 5.20 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule [*****] provided,
however, (i) the Seller Group shall not be required to deliver any (x) information to the extent expressly prohibited by Law, (y) any
information subject to attorney-client or other privilege, or (z) any information learned via common interest or joint-defense agreements
and (ii) Buyer shall control any claim or Proceeding brought against Buyer and or its Affiliates with respect to the Investigation.

5.21
Process Hazard Analysis. Prior to or promptly following the execution of this Agreement, but in no event later than three (3)
Business Days following the date hereof, AMMO shall engage, at AMMOs sole cost and expense, Safety Management Services to conduct
a formal process hazard analysis of the Facilities relating to the primer insertion, cartridge loading, and energetic handling operations
(the Operations) of the Seller Group. The Seller Group shall provide Buyer with at least three (3) Business Days
prior written notice of the date or dates on which the analysis shall take place and will permit a representative from Buyer to observe
such analysis. The engaged consultant shall produce: (i) a written report stating that the Seller Groups current process safety
management plans for the Operations are in compliance with all OSHA regulations, or (ii) a safety report that identifies and recommends
remedial actions (the Remedial Actions) to cure material deficiencies in the Seller Groups Operations (such
report, the PHA Report).

5.22
Transition Services Agreement. Prior to Closing, the Parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to agree on the form of
Transition Services Agreement for post-Closing, provided, that the transition services shall be (a) limited to three months post-Closing
and the services set forth on Section 5.22 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule or that have previously been provided by Seller Group to
the Business in the twelve (12) months prior to the Closing Date; and (b) compensated at a mutually agreed upon rate but not in excess
of the rates set forth on Section 5.22 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.

5.23
AMMO Munitions Transfer. Seller Group shall cause the AMMO Munitions Transfer to occur prior to Closing pursuant to documents
approved by Buyer, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.

5.24
[*****] Contracts. Prior to Closing, the Seller Group will provide Buyer with all reasonably requested information regarding the
[*****] Contracts to allow Buyer to determine if such [*****] Contracts are to be Assumed Contracts. If prior to Closing, Buyer provides
written notice (the [*****] Notice) to the Seller Group that it desires to assume one or more of the [*****] Contracts,
then in such case, those [*****] Contracts set forth on the [*****] Notice shall be deemed to be Assumed Contracts pursuant to Section
2.1(b)(v) hereof in all respects. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if prior to Closing, Buyer does not provide the [*****] Notice,
then all of the [*****] Contracts shall be deemed to be Excluded Assets, or (ii) if Buyer excludes any of the [*****] Contracts from
the [*****] Notice, then, in such case, such excluded [*****] Contracts shall be deemed to be Excluded Assets. To the extent that Buyer
elects to exclude any of the [*****] Contracts causing the Seller Group to default on such contracts, then Buyer agrees to act as subcontractor
on mutually agreeable terms, on such [*****] Contracts (including any options exercised as of the date of this Agreement), at the Seller
Groups request and to the extent that such subcontracting is permissible by law and the applicable [*****] Contract. To
the extent such subcontracting is not permissible or practicable, then Buyer will assist the Seller Group in good faith in the Seller
Groups efforts to minimize the costs of the default of such [*****] Contracts, and Seller Group agrees to indemnify Buyer for
losses incurred by Buyer directly as a result of such efforts.

59

Article
VI

Conditions to Closing

6.1
Conditions to All Parties Obligations. The obligation of the Parties to consummate the Contemplated Transactions are subject
to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions (any or all of which may, if permitted by applicable Law, be waived by the Parties
in writing) as of the Closing Date:

(a)
No Injunction. No Governmental Authority or federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated,
enforced or entered any Law, Order or other notice (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent), in any case which is in effect and
which prevents or prohibits consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.

6.2
Conditions to the Seller Groups Obligations. The obligations of the Seller Group to consummate the Contemplated Transactions
is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions (any or all of which may, if permitted by applicable Law, be waived
in whole or in part by the Seller Group in writing) as of the Closing Date:

(a)
Representations and Warranties. The (i) representations and warranties of Buyer made in Section 4.1 (Organization
and Power), Section 4.2 (Authorization and Enforceability), Section 4.8 (Sufficiency of Funds), Section 4.9
(No Brokers) and Section 4.10 (No Inducement or Reliance; Independent Assessment) of Article IV shall be true
and correct in all material respects (without giving effect to any material, or materiality qualification
contained in such representations and warranties) as of the Closing Date, as though made on such date (except for those representations
and warranties which refer to facts existing at a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such
date), and (ii) other representations and warranties of Buyer made in Article IV shall be true and correct in all respects as
of the Closing Date (without giving effect to any material, or materiality qualification contained in such
representations and warranties), as though made on such date (except for those representations and warranties which refer to facts existing
at a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such date), except to the extent such failure to be true and correct does not
constitute a material adverse effect.

(b)
Performance. Buyer shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants required by this
Agreement and each of the Ancillary Documents to be so performed or complied with by Buyer at or prior to the Closing.

(c)
Officers Certificate. The Seller Group shall have received an officers certificate signed by an authorized signatory
of Buyer to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.2(a) and 6.2(b) have been satisfied.

(d)
Closing Documents. Buyer shall have delivered to the Seller Group duly executed counterparts to the Ancillary Documents and such
other documents, agreements and information set forth in Section 2.7(c).

60

If
the Closing occurs, all Closing conditions set forth in Section 6.1 or this Section 6.2 which have not been fully
satisfied as of the Closing shall be deemed to have been waived by the Sellers.

6.3
Conditions to Buyers Obligations. The obligation of Buyer to consummate the Contemplated Transactions is subject to the
satisfaction of each of the following conditions (any or all of which may be waived in whole or in part by Buyer) as of the Closing Date:

(a)
Representations and Warranties. The (i) Fundamental Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the
Closing Date (without giving effect to any material, or materiality qualification contained in such representations
and warranties), as though made on such date (except for those representations and warranties which refer to facts existing at a specific
date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date), and (ii) the other representations and warranties of
the Seller Group made in Article III shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date (without giving effect to any material,
or materiality qualification contained in such representations and warranties), as though made on such date (except for
those representations and warranties which refer to facts existing at a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such date),
except to the extent such failure to be true and correct does not constitute a Seller Material Adverse Effect.

(b)
Performance. Each member of the Seller Group shall have performed and complied with in all material respects all agreements and
covenants required by this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to be so performed or complied with by the Seller Group at or prior
to the Closing.

(c)
Consents. All approvals, consents and waivers that are listed on Section 6.3(c) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule shall
have been received (or waived or deemed waived), and executed counterparts thereof shall have been delivered to Buyer at or prior to
Closing. 

(d)
Officers Certificate. Buyer shall have received (i) an officers certificate signed by a senior officer of each member
of the Seller Group (the Officers Certificate) to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.3(a)
and 6.3(b) have been satisfied with respect to such Seller and (ii) a certificate signed by the Seller Group to the effect
that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.3(a) and 6.3(b) have been satisfied with respect to the Seller Group.

(e)
Closing Documents. The Seller Group shall have delivered to Buyer duly executed counterparts to the Ancillary Documents and such
other documents, agreements and information set forth in Section 2.7(b).

(f)
Permits. Buyer shall have received the Permits set forth on Section 6.3(f) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.

(g)
Real Property Matters.

(i)
Buyers Title Company shall have committed to issue to Buyer at Closing an ALTA 2021 owners policy of title insurance (the
Title Policy) from Title Company insuring good and valid fee simple title to and ownership of the Owned Real Property
in Buyer in the amount of the Owned Property Purchase Price with exceptions on Schedule B thereof only for the Permitted Liens and such
endorsements as may be reasonably necessary. Buyer shall, within three (3) Business Days after execution of this Agreement, order from
the Title Company a title commitment with respect to the Owned Real Property, and shall cooperate with the Title Company and diligently
pursue Title Companys commitment for issuance of the Title Policy until Closing. 

61

(ii)
Buyer shall have received an ALTA/NSPS land title survey of the Owned Real Property that is sufficient to delete the standard survey
exception from the Title Policy. Buyer shall, within three (3) Business Days after execution of this Agreement, order from a reputable
third-party provider such ALTA/NSPS land title survey, and shall diligently pursue such survey.

(iii)
Buyer shall have received from the landlords under the Real Property Leases consents to the assignment of each such Real Property Lease,
which consents shall be in form and content reasonably acceptable to Buyer and Seller Group, and shall include estoppel certificates
confirming, with respect to the Real Property Leases, critical terms and information, the absence of defaults, and such other customary
information that Buyer may reasonably require and such estoppel certificates shall be reasonably acceptable to Buyer. Buyer and Seller
shall cooperate in drafting, negotiating and obtaining from such landlords such consents, and shall diligently pursue such consents.

(iv)
Buyer shall have received from the City an estoppel certificate with respect to the Development Agreement confirming, with respect to
such Development Agreement, critical terms and information, the absence of defaults, and such other customary information that Buyer
may reasonably require and such estoppel certificates shall be reasonably acceptable to Buyer.

(v)
Buyer shall have received from the City and the Industrial Development Corporation of the City (each in its capacity under the covenants,
conditions and restrictions recorded against the title to the Owned Real Property (the CC&Rs)) an estoppel certificate
with respect to the CC&Rs confirming, with respect to such CC&Rs, critical terms and information, the absence of defaults, and
such other customary information that Buyer may reasonably require and such estoppel certificates shall be reasonably acceptable to Buyer.

(h)
Liens. All Liens relating to the Purchased Assets shall have been, or concurrently with Closing will be, released in full, other
than Permitted Liens, and the Seller Group shall deliver to Buyer written evidence, in form satisfactory to Buyer in its reasonable discretion,
thereof.

(i)
[*****]

(j)
No [*****] Claim. No [*****] Claim shall have been made, brought or filed against Buyer or any member of the Seller Group.

(k)
PHA Report. Buyer shall have received a copy of the PHA Report and Buyer shall be satisfied, in its sole discretion, that (i)
the Seller Groups Operations remain compliant with all OSHA regulations, or (ii) the Seller Group has successfully implemented
the Remedial Actions, at the Seller Groups sole cost and expense, to cause the Operations to become compliant with all OSHA regulations.

(l)
Excise Tax. The Seller Group shall have delivered to Buyer: (i) copies of all firearms/ammunition excise Tax returns filed by
the Seller Group for the following periods: (A) October 1, 2022 December 31, 2022, (B) July 1, 2023 September 30, 2023,
(C) October 1, 2023 December 31, 2023, (D) April 1, 2024 June 30, 2024, and (E) October 1, 2024 December 31,
2024, and (ii) documentation confirming the remittance of all firearms/ammunition excise Tax payments required during the period of October
2022 through December 2024.

(m)
Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy Exclusion. To the extent that the Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy requires
delivery of information after the date of this Agreement to remove an exclusion, the Seller Group shall have provided such information
and such exclusion shall have been removed from the Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy, or the Seller Group shall provide a
special indemnity to Buyer, acceptable to Buyer in its sole discretion. 

62

If
the Closing occurs, all closing conditions set forth in Section 6.1 or this Section 6.3 which have not been fully
satisfied as of the Closing shall be deemed to have been waived by Buyer.

Article
VII

Survival; Exclusive Remedies

7.1
Survival. The Parties, intending to modify any applicable statute of limitations, agree that representations and warranties in
this Agreement (other than Fundamental Representations) and in any certificate delivered pursuant hereto, including the certificates
delivered pursuant to Article VI, shall terminate effective as of the Closing and shall not survive the Closing, and thereafter
there shall be no liability on the part of, nor shall any claim be made by, any Party or any of their respective Affiliates in respect
thereof, including any breach thereof. Subject to the limitations and other provisions of this Agreement, the Fundamental Representations
shall survive for a period of six (6) years following the Closing Date. All covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement that
by their terms contemplate performance thereof following the Closing or otherwise expressly by their terms survive the Closing will survive
the Closing (Post-Closing Covenants) in accordance with their terms. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, no limitations, qualifications or procedures in this Agreement shall be deemed to limit or modify the ability of Buyer to make
claims under or recover under the Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy; it being understood that any matter for which there is
coverage available under the Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy shall be subject to the terms, conditions and limitations,
if any, set forth in the Representations and Warranty Insurance Policy.

7.2
Indemnification by the Seller Group. Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Article VII, the Seller Group shall, jointly
and severally, release, defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Buyer, its Affiliates and their Representatives (each a Buyer
Indemnified Party), against and shall pay and reimburse each of them for any and all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed
upon, the Buyer Indemnified Party, directly or indirectly, based upon, arising out of, with respect to, or by reason of:

(a)
any inaccuracy or breach of a Fundamental Representation; 

(b)
any breach or nonfulfillment of any covenant or agreement to be performed on the part of any member of the Seller Group under or in connection
with this Agreement or any Ancillary Document;

(c)
any Taxes of the Seller Group including, without limitation, the Transfer Taxes as described in Section 9.1(a) and any Taxes of
the Business or related to the Purchased Assets for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending before the Closing Date;

(d)
the Excluded Liabilities and the Excluded Assets; and

(e)
any matter set forth on Section 7.2(e) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.

7.3
Indemnification by the Buyer. Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Article VII, the Buyer shall release, defend,
indemnify, and hold harmless the Seller Group, its and their Affiliates and their Representatives (each a Seller Indemnified
Party), against and shall pay and reimburse each of them for any and all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon,
the Seller Indemnified Party, directly or indirectly, based upon, arising out of, with respect to, or by reason of:

(a)
any inaccuracy or breach of a Fundamental Representation; 

63

(b)
any breach or nonfulfillment of any covenant or agreement to be performed on the part of the Buyer under or in connection with this
Agreement or any Ancillary Document; and

(c)
the Purchased Assets and Assumed Liabilities.

7.4
Indemnification Procedures.

(a)
Third-Party Claims. If any Buyer Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party (an Indemnified Party) receives
notice of the assertion or commencement of any Proceeding made or brought by any Person who is not a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate
of a party to this Agreement or a representative of the foregoing (a Third-Party Claim) against such Indemnified
Party with respect to which the Seller Group or Buyer (as applicable, the Indemnifying Party) is obligated to provide
indemnification under this Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof,
but in any event not later than thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of such notice of such Third-Party Claim. The failure to give
such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of their indemnification obligations, except to the extent
that the Indemnifying Party actually forfeits rights or defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified Party shall
describe the Third-Party Claim in reasonable detail and shall indicate the estimated amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that
has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall have the right to participate in, or by giving written
notice to the Indemnified Party to assume the defense of, any Third-Party Claim at the Indemnifying Partys expense and by the
Indemnifying Partys own counsel, and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate in good faith in such defense; provided, that the Seller
Group shall not have the right to defend or direct the defense of any such Third-Party Claim (i) if the assumption of the defense of
the Third-Party Claim by the Seller Group is reasonably likely to cause Buyer to lose coverage under the Representation and Warranty
Insurance Policy, (ii) if the Third-Party Claim seeks an injunction or other equitable or non-monetary relief against the Buyer Indemnified
Party or alleges criminal activity, or (iii) if such Third-Party Claim is related to any matter set forth on Section 7.2(e) of
the Seller Disclosure Schedule. If the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of any Third-Party Claim, then the Indemnifying Party shall
be solely responsible and liable for all Losses related to such Third-Party Claim. In the event the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense
of any Third-Party Claim, subject to Section 7.4(b), they shall have the right to take such action as they deems necessary to
avoid, dispute, defend, appeal or make counterclaims pertaining to any such Third-Party Claim in the name and on behalf of the Indemnified
Party. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense of any Third-Party Claim with counsel selected by it
subject to the Indemnifying Partys right to control the defense thereof. The fees and disbursements of such counsel shall be at
the expense of the Indemnified Party, provided, that if in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the Indemnified Party, (A) there are
legal defenses available to a Indemnified Party that are different from or additional to those available to the Indemnified Party; or
(B) there exists a conflict of interest between the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party that cannot be waived, the Indemnifying
Party shall be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified Party in each jurisdiction for which the Indemnified
Party determines counsel is required. If the Indemnifying Party elects not to compromise or defend such Third-Party Claim, fails to promptly
notify the Indemnified Party in writing of its election to defend as provided in this Agreement, or fails to diligently prosecute the
defense of such Third-Party Claim, the Indemnified Party may, subject to Section 7.4(b), pay, compromise, defend such Third-Party
Claim and seek indemnification for any and all Losses based upon, arising from or relating to such Third-Party Claim; provided
that no Indemnified Party shall settle or compromise any Third-Party Claim without the consent of the Indemnifying Party, which shall
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall cooperate with each other in
all reasonable respects in connection with the defense of any Third-Party Claim, including making available records relating to such
Third-Party Claim and furnishing, without expense (other than reimbursement of actual out-of-pocket expenses) to the defending party,
management employees of the non-defending party as may be reasonably necessary for the preparation of the defense of such Third-Party
Claim.

64

(b)
Settlement of Third-Party Claims. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Seller Group may settle or compromise
any Third-Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Buyer Indemnified Party, unless such settlement provides for or results
in any payment by the Buyer Indemnified Party of, or obligation of the Buyer Indemnified Party for, any damages or any amount, any finding
of responsibility or liability on the part of the Buyer Indemnified Party or any sanction or injunction of, or other equitable or non-monetary
relief upon the Buyer Indemnified Party, in which case the Seller Group may not settle or compromise such Third-Party Claim without the
consent of the Buyer Indemnified Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

(c)
Direct Claims. Any Proceeding by a Buyer Indemnified Party or a Seller Indemnified Party (such party making the claim, the Indemnified
Party and the other party against whom such claims are asserted, the Indemnifying Party) on account of
a Loss which does not result from a Third-Party Claim (a Direct Claim) shall be asserted by the Indemnified Party
giving the Indemnifying Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof, but in any event not later than thirty (30) days after the Indemnified
Party becomes aware of such Direct Claim. The failure to give such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying
Party of its indemnification obligations, except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party actually forfeits rights or defenses by reason
of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified Party shall describe the Direct Claim in reasonable detail, and shall indicate the estimated
amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall
have thirty (30) days after its receipt of such notice to respond in writing to such Direct Claim. The Indemnified Party shall allow
the Indemnifying Party and their professional advisors to investigate the matter or circumstance alleged to give rise to the Direct Claim,
and whether and to what extent any amount is payable in respect of the Direct Claim and the Indemnified Party shall assist such investigation
by giving such information and assistance as the Indemnifying Party or any of their professional advisors may reasonably request. If
the Indemnifying Party disputes such claim of indemnification, it shall notify the Indemnified Party thereof within thirty (30) days
after receipt of the notice of the Direct Claim, whereupon the Parties shall meet and attempt in good faith to resolve the difference
with respect to such claim or indemnification. If the dispute has not been resolved within thirty (30) days after the Parties first meet
to attempt such resolution, then either Party may initiate litigation in accordance with this Agreement. If the Indemnifying Party does
not dispute the Indemnified Partys claim of indemnification and an amount is owed to the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party
shall pay the amount of any such claim within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice of such Direct Claim. If the Indemnifying Party
does respond within such thirty (30) day period, the claims specifically set forth in such written notice shall survive until such time
as such claim is finally resolved or all other obligations to indemnify have expired pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. If the
Indemnifying Party does not so respond within such thirty (30) day period, the Indemnifying Party shall be deemed to have agreed to control
and accepted responsibility for such claim, in which case the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to payment pursuant to Section 7.4.

(d)
Materiality. For purposes of the indemnification obligations under this ARTICLE VII, including for purposes of both determining
whether there has been a breach and for determining the amount of Losses resulting therefrom, the representations and warranties set
forth in ARTICLES III and IV of this Agreement that are qualified as to material, materiality,
material respects, Seller Material Adverse Effect or words of similar import or effect (collectively, Materiality
Qualifier) shall be deemed to be made without any such qualification (excluding the definition of ITAR Material Change Notification,
Material Contract, Material Customers, Material Suppliers, and the heading of Section 3.13(a) and Section 3.13(b)).

65

7.5
Indemnification Payments.

(a)
Subject to Sections 7.5(b) and Section 7.5(c), once a Loss is agreed to by the Indemnifying Party or finally adjudicated
to be payable pursuant to this Article VII, the Indemnifying Party shall satisfy its obligations within ten (10) Business Days
of such agreement or final, non-appealable adjudication by wire transfer of immediately available funds. 

(b)
Any Losses payable to a Buyer Indemnified Party pursuant to Section 7.2(a) or Section 7.2(d) shall be satisfied (i) first
from insurers pursuant to the Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy to the extent such Loss is covered by, and recovery is available
under the Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy, and (ii) second by the Seller Group, on a joint and several basis. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, if Buyer fails to obtain or maintain the Representation and Warranty Insurance Policy or use commercially reasonable
efforts to seek available coverage, Seller Group shall not be liable under Section 7.5(b)(ii) for such amounts that would have
been recoverable under Section 7.5(b)(i) but for such failure to obtain or maintain the Representation and Warranty Insurance
Policy or use commercially reasonable efforts to seek available coverage. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
no Buyer Indemnified Party shall be obligated to bring any suit or Proceeding against the insurer of the Representation and Warranty
Insurance Policy and such decision not to bring any such suit or Proceeding shall not be a failure of Buyer to act in a commercially
reasonable manner. 

(c)
Any Losses payable to a Buyer Indemnified Party pursuant to Sections 7.2(b)-(e) or on account of Fraud by any member of the Seller
Group shall be satisfied by the Seller Group, on a joint and several basis. 

7.6
Limitations on Indemnity.

(a)
In no event shall any member of the Seller Group have any obligation to indemnify any Buyer Indemnified Party in respect of Losses with
respect to breaches of the Fundamental Representations in an aggregate amount in excess of the Purchase Price as adjusted pursuant to
Section 2.8, other than to the extent the breach results from Fraud. 

(b)
Each Party hereby agrees that it shall, and it shall cause its Affiliates to, use its or their commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate
any Losses to the extent required by applicable Law to be indemnified under this Article VII upon and after becoming aware of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any Losses that are indemnifiable hereunder. 

(c)
In the event Losses suffered by any Indemnified Party are recoverable under more than one provision of this Agreement, such Buyer Indemnified
Party will only be permitted to recover with respect to any particular Losses suffered by it one time as it is the Parties intent
that once any particular Losses have been recovered by a particular Buyer Indemnified Party under one provision, such Losses no longer
exist with respect to such Buyer Indemnified Party and, therefore, recovery by such particular Buyer Indemnified Party for such same
Losses under another provision would constitute an unintended and prohibited double recovery.

(d)
To the extent an Indemnified Party has been indemnified for Losses hereunder and at any time thereafter such Indemnified Party recovers
all or a portion of such Losses from a third Person, the Indemnified Party that made such recovery shall promptly refund the Indemnifying
Party the amount paid to the Indemnified Party by the Indemnifying Party with respect to such Losses (net of any fees and expenses incurred
by the Indemnified Party in recovery and net of any increases in insurance premiums attributable to such claims) up to the lesser of
the amount recovered from the third Person (net of any fees and expenses incurred by the Indemnified Party in recovery and net of any
increases in insurance premiums attributable to such claims) and the amount of Losses paid to such Indemnified Party by the Indemnifying
Party in respect of such matter.

66

(e)
In no event shall any member of the Seller Group have any obligation to indemnify any Buyer Indemnified Party in respect of Taxes imposed
on or in respect of the Business or the Purchased Assets for any portion of a taxable period beginning on the Closing Date and ending
after the Closing Date or any taxable period beginning after the Closing Date.

7.7
Exclusive Remedies. Subject to Section 9.15 and except for breaches of Section 5.15 and Section 5.16 and
as otherwise expressly stated herein, the Parties acknowledge and agree that their sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any and
all claims (other than claims arising from Fraud or failure to make a payment to Seller Group or Buyer hereunder) for any breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation set forth herein or otherwise relating to the subject matter of this Agreement,
shall be pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in ARTICLE VII. Nothing in this Section 7.7 shall limit any
Persons right to seek and obtain any equitable relief to which any Person shall be entitled or to seek any remedy on account of
any partys breach of Section 5.15 and Section 5.16.

Article
VIII

Termination

8.1
Termination Prior to Closing. This Agreement may be terminated prior to the Closing as follows:

(a)
By the mutual written consent of the Seller Group, on the one hand, and Buyer, on the other hand;

(b)
By Buyer at any time prior to the Closing, if (i) the Seller Group is in breach of the representations, warranties, or covenants made
by the Seller Group in this Agreement, (ii) such breach is not cured or capable of being cured by the earlier of the day prior to the
Termination Date and thirty (30) days following written notice of such breach from Buyer (to the extent such breach is curable), and
(iii) such breach, if not cured, would render the conditions set forth in Section 6.3 incapable of being satisfied; provided,
however, that Buyer shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(b) if Buyer has breached
this Agreement and such breach has resulted in the failure of a condition in Sections 6.1 or 6.2 to be satisfied;

(c)
By Buyer at any time prior to the Closing, if (i) (A) the Seller Group is in breach of the Fundamental Representations or representations
and warranties that contain a Materiality Qualifier made by the Seller Group in this Agreement or (B) the Seller Group is in material
breach of the other representations and warranties, and (ii) such breach is not cured or capable of being cured by the earlier of the
day prior to the Termination Date and thirty (30) days following written notice of such breach from Buyer (to the extent such breach
is curable); provided, that, if Buyer elects to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(c), except
for a breach occurring on the date of this Agreement, Buyer shall not have a cause of action against Seller Group, and Seller Group shall
have no liability in connection with this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions and no member of the Seller Group shall have a cause
of action against Buyer in connection with this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions;

(d)
By Buyer at any time that is both prior to the Closing and after the [*****] Claim Termination Date, if [*****] (collectively, a [*****]
Claim) and such [*****] Claim is not lifted or otherwise resolved to Buyers satisfaction on or before June 1, 2025
([*****] Claim Termination Date), which [*****] Claim Termination Date Buyer may extend for one or more subsequent
period of thirty (30) days in its sole discretion; for the avoidance of doubt, Buyer shall control any [*****] Claim brought against
Buyer and or its Affiliates; provided, further, that [*****] Claim shall not include a claim made by Buyer, its Affiliates, personnel
or anyone acting at Buyers direction;

67

(e)
[*****]

(f)
By the Seller Group at any time prior to the Closing, if (i) Buyer is in breach of the representations, warranties or covenants made
by it in this Agreement, (ii) such breach is not cured or capable of being cured by the earlier of the day prior to the Termination Date
and thirty (30) days following written notice of such breach from the Seller Group (to the extent such breach is curable) and (iii) such
breach, if not cured, would render the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 incapable of being satisfied; provided,
however, that the Seller Group shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(f) if
the Seller Group have breached this Agreement and such breach has resulted in the failure of a condition in Sections 6.1
or 6.3 to be satisfied;

(g)
By the Seller Group, on the one hand, or Buyer, on the other hand, if the Closing shall not have occurred by July 1, 2025 (the Termination
Date); provided, however, that (i) the Seller Group shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 8.1(g) if the Seller Group has breached this Agreement and such breach has resulted in the failure of a condition
in Sections 6.1 or 6.3 to be satisfied and (ii) Buyer shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
this Section 8.1(g) if Buyer has breached this Agreement and such breach has resulted in the failure of a condition in Sections 6.1
or 6.2 to be satisfied; or

(h)
By the Seller Group, on the one hand, or Buyer, on the other hand, if (i) the Contemplated Transactions shall violate any Order that
shall have become final and nonappealable or (ii) there shall be a Law which makes the Contemplated Transactions illegal or otherwise
prohibited; provided, however, that the Party seeking termination pursuant to this Section 8.1(h) is not then
in material breach of this Agreement.

8.2
Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1, written notice thereof
shall be given by the terminating party to the other parties and all rights, obligations and remedies of the Parties under this Agreement
will terminate, except that the rights, obligations and remedies of the Parties in this Section 8.2, Section 5.6, Article
IX, and in the Confidentiality Agreement will survive; provided, that no such termination shall relieve a defaulting or breaching
party from any liability or damages arising out of its breach of any provision of this Agreement prior to such termination. Each Party
expressly agrees that in the event of the other Partys breach of its obligations to consummate the Contemplated Transactions when
required hereunder (including termination under Sections 8.1(b) through (h) (except as it relates to liabilities under
Section 7.2(c)), any such liabilities or damages shall be limited to reimbursement of reasonable and documented expenses or out-of-pocket
costs. For the avoidance of doubt, Losses do not include consequential or incidental damages (including lost profits) as a result of
not consummating the Contemplated Transactions.

Article
IX

Miscellaneous

9.1
Certain Tax Matters.

(a)
All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, recording, registration, and similar Taxes (including penalties and interest) of any nature
whatsoever, applicable to, or resulting from, the Contemplated Transactions (Transfer Taxes) shall be paid 100%
by the Sellers. Sellers shall be responsible for filing any necessary Tax Returns related to such Transfer Taxes will file, or cause
to be filed, all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to all such Transfer Taxes, and if required by applicable
Law, Buyer will, and will cause its Affiliates to, join in the execution of any such Tax Returns and other documentation. Buyer and Sellers
further agree, upon request, to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any certificate or other document from any Governmental
Authority or any other Person as may be necessary to mitigate, reduce or eliminate any Transfer Taxes. For the avoidance of doubt, Buyer
and Sellers agree that as of immediately prior to the Closing, the Seller Group shall have ceased operating the Business in Wisconsin.

68

(b)
For purposes of this Agreement, in respect of any personal or real property, ad valorem and any other similar Taxes imposed by any Governmental
Authority with respect to the Purchased Assets that are payable after the Closing with respect to any taxable period that includes but
does not end on the day prior to the Closing Date, (1) the Taxes that are allocable to the portion of a taxable period ending before
the Closing Date shall be deemed to be the amount of such Tax for the entire taxable period multiplied by a fraction the numerator of
which is the number of days in the taxable period ending on and including the day prior to the Closing Date and the denominator of which
is the number of days in the entire taxable period, and (2) the Taxes that are allocable to the portion of a taxable period ending after
the Closing Date shall be deemed equal to the amount payable in respect of the entire taxable period, less the amounts allocated to the
portion of the taxable period ending before the Closing Date pursuant to the foregoing clause (1) of this Section 9.1(b). All
determinations necessary to give effect to the allocations described in this Section 9.1(b) shall be made in a manner consistent
with prior practice, except for changes required by Law. 

9.2
Expenses. Except as provided in Section 2.8(i), Section 2.9, Section 5.4 or Section 9.1,
all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Contemplated Transactions shall be paid by the Party incurring such expenses, whether
or not the Contemplated Transactions are consummated.

9.3
Notices. All notices, requests, demands, and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly given and made (a) as of the date delivered, if delivered personally, (b) upon being transmitted
by way of email to the email address shown in this Section 9.3; provided, that a copy must also be deposited in accordance
with the procedures set forth in clauses (c) or (d) of this Section 9.3 on the same day as such transmission by email, (c)
one (1) Business Day after being sent by overnight courier or delivery service, or (d) five (5) Business Days after having been deposited
in the mail, certified or registered (with receipt requested) and postage prepaid, addressed at the address shown in this Section 9.3
for, or such other address as may be designated in writing hereafter by, such Party:

If
to any member of the Seller Group:

c/o
AMMO, Inc.

7681
E Gray Rd

Scottsdale,
AZ 85260

Attn:
Jordan Christensen

Email:
[*****]

With
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Bryan
Cave Leighton Paisner LLP

1155
F Street NW

Washington,
DC 20004-1357

Attn:
Jonathan S. Nesher; Caitlin M. Hartsell

E-mail:[*****]

69

If
to Buyer:

Olin
Winchester, LLC

190
Carondelet Plaza

Suite
1530

Clayton,
MO 63105

Attn:
Nicholas Hendon; David Kellar

Email:
[*****]

With
copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Husch
Blackwell LLP

8001
Forsyth Boulevard

Suite
1500

St.
Louis, MO 63105

Attn:
Jeff Sigmund

Email:
[*****]

Olin
Corporation

190
Carondelet Plaza

Suite
1530

Clayton,
MO 63105

Attn:
Legal Department

Email:
[*****]

9.4
Governing Law. All matters relating to the interpretation, construction, validity and enforcement of this Agreement, including
all claims (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution
or performance of this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of,
or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this Agreement or as an inducement to enter into this Agreement),
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic Laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any choice
or conflict of law provision or rule that may cause the application of Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York, except
that with respect to the Real Property only, which shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic Laws of the State
of Wisconsin without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that may cause the application of Laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Wisconsin.

9.5
Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the exhibits hereto, the Seller Disclosure Schedule, the Ancillary Documents and
the Confidentiality Agreement, constitute the entire agreement of the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede all
prior contracts or agreements, whether oral or written. To avoid doubt, the Confidentiality Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect until the Closing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

9.6
Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any Person or circumstance be held invalid
or unenforceable to any extent: (a) such provision shall be ineffective to the extent, and only to the extent, of such unenforceability
or prohibition and shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by Law, (b) such unenforceability or prohibition in any jurisdiction
shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision as applied (i) to other Persons or circumstances or (ii) in any
other jurisdiction, and (c) such unenforceability or prohibition shall not affect or invalidate any other provision of this Agreement.

70

9.7
Amendment. This Agreement may be amended at any time, but subject to the limitations of applicable Law, only by an instrument
signed by Buyer and the Seller Group. Any provision hereof may be waived only by an instrument signed by each Party benefited by such
provision.

9.8
Effect of Waiver or Consent. No waiver or consent, express or implied, by any Party to or of any breach or default by any Party
in the performance by such Party of its obligations hereunder shall be deemed or construed to be a consent or waiver to or of any other
breach or default in the performance by such Party of the same or any other obligations of such Party hereunder. No single or partial
exercise of any right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce any right or power, shall preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. Failure on the part of a Party to complain of any act of any
Party or to declare any Party in default, irrespective of how long such failure continues, shall not constitute a waiver by such Party
of its rights hereunder until the applicable statute of limitation period has run.

9.9
Parties in Interest; Limitation on Rights of Others. The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit
of, the Parties and their respective legal Representatives, successors, and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, whether express
or implied, shall be construed to give any Person (other than the Parties and their respective legal Representatives, successors, and
permitted assigns and as expressly provided herein) any legal or equitable right, remedy, or claim under or in respect of this Agreement
or any covenants, conditions, or provisions contained herein, as a third party beneficiary or otherwise.

9.10
Assignability. No assignment of this Agreement or of any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any Party, directly or
indirectly (by operation of Law or otherwise), without the prior written consent of the other Parties and any attempted assignment without
the required consents shall be void.

9.11
Reserved.

9.12
Jurisdiction; Court Proceedings; Waiver of Jury Trial. Any Proceeding involving any Party to this Agreement arising out of or
in any way relating to this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in any state or federal court located in the County of New
York in the State of New York (together with the appellate courts thereof, the Chosen Courts), and each of the Parties
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts for the purpose of any such Proceeding. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally
agrees not to assert (a) any objection which it may ever have to the laying of venue of any such Proceeding in any Chosen Court, (b)
any claim that any such Proceeding brought in any Chosen Court has been brought in an inconvenient forum and (c) any claim that any Chosen
Court does not have jurisdiction with respect to such Proceeding. To the extent that service of process by mail is permitted by applicable
Law, each Party irrevocably consents to the service of process in any such proceeding in such courts by the mailing of such process by
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, at its address for notices provided for herein and shall timely execute and return any
acknowledgement of receipt of such service pursuant to applicable Law. EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT
TO A TRIAL BY JURY AND AGREES THAT ANY OF THEM MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE KNOWING, VOLUNTARY
AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING.

9.13
No Other Duties. The only duties and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement are as specifically set forth in this Agreement,
and no other duties or obligations shall be implied in fact, law or equity, or under any principle of fiduciary obligation.

71

9.14
Reliance on Counsel and Other Advisors. Each Party has consulted such legal, financial, technical, or other expert as it deems
necessary or desirable before entering into this Agreement. Each Party represents and warrants that it has read, knows, understands,
and agrees with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

9.15
Specific Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement
were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, the Parties agree that, in addition
to any other remedies, each Party shall be entitled to enforce the terms of this Agreement (including Buyers obligation to consummate
the Closing) by a decree of specific performance without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages as a remedy. Each Party
hereby waives any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond or other security in connection with such remedy. Each Party further
agrees that the only permitted objection that it may raise in response to any action for equitable relief is that it contests the existence
of a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement. To the extent Buyer or any member of the Seller Group brings any Proceeding before
any Governmental Authority to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions of this Agreement prior to the Closing,
the Termination Date shall automatically be extended by (a) the amount of time during which such Proceeding is pending, plus twenty (20)
Business Days, or (b) such other time period established by the court presiding over such Proceeding.

9.16
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including counterparts transmitted via facsimile or
in .pdf, DocuSign, or similar format) with the same effect as if all signatory parties had signed the same document. All counterparts
shall be construed together and shall constitute one and the same instrument.

9.17
Further Assurance. If at any time after the Closing any further action is necessary or desirable to fully effect the Contemplated
Transactions, the Parties shall take such further action (including the execution and delivery of such further instruments and documents)
as any other Party reasonably may request.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

72

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered in its name and on its behalf, all as
of the day and year first above written.

AMMO, INC.

By: /s/
Jared R. Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AMMO TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: /s/ Jared R.
Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Officer

ENLIGHT GROUP II, LLC

By: /s/ Jared R.
Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Offier

FIRELIGHT GROUP I, LLC

By: /s/ Jared R.
Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Asset Purchase Agreement]

73

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered in its name and on its behalf, all as
of the day and year first above written.

OLIN
WINCHESTER, LLC

By: /s/
Brett Flaugher

Name: Brett
Flaugher

Title: President

[Signature
Page to Asset Purchase Agreement]

74
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex2-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
2.2

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
First Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement (this Amendment) is entered into as of April 18, 2025, by and
among AMMO Technologies, Inc., an Arizona corporation (AMMO Tech), Enlight Group II, LLC, d/b/a Jagemann Munition
Components d/b/a Buythebullets, a Delaware limited liability company (Enlight), Firelight Group I, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (Firelight, and collectively with AMMO Tech and Enlight, the Sellers
and each a Seller), AMMO, Inc., a Delaware corporation (AMMO, and together with the Sellers,
the Seller Group), and Olin Winchester, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Buyer).
Each Seller, AMMO and Buyer are referred to herein as a Party and together as the Parties.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Parties previously entered into that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement);

WHEREAS,
pursuant to Section 9.7 of the Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreement may only be amended by the written consent of Buyer and Seller
Group; and

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire to amend the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Amendment to memorialize their mutual agreement with respect
to the matters set forth herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1.
Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase
Agreement.

2.
Amendments to Purchase Agreement.

a.
Section 1.1 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the following defined terms in their entirety:

i. Adjustment
Escrow Account

ii. Adjustment
Escrow Amount

iii. Escrow
Agent

iv. Escrow
Agreement

v. Joint
Direction

vi. Shortfall
Amount

vii. Tax
Adjustment Escrow Amount

b.
The definition of Ancillary Documents in Section 1.1 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting
the words Escrow Agreement from such definition.

c. The
definition of Calculation Time in Section 1.1 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety
and replaced with the following:

Calculation
Time means 1:01 A.M. Chicago, Illinois time on the Closing Date.

d.
Section 1.1 of the Purchase Agreement is
hereby amended by adding the following defined terms:

i. Buyer
Released Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 5.26(a).

ii. Buyer
Released Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 5.26(b).

iii. Buyer
Releasors has the meaning set forth in Section 5.26(b).

iv. Seller
Released Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 5.26(a).

v. Seller
Releasors has the meaning set forth in Section 5.26(a).

vi. Seller
Released Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 5.26(b).

e.
Section 2.6 of the Purchase Agreement is
hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

2.6 Consideration.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the consideration that Buyer shall
pay to the Seller Group for the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities and other rights
of Buyer hereunder shall be an amount equal to the Closing Payment, as the same may be adjusted
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Section
2.8) (the Purchase Price).

f.
Section 2.7(b)(vi) of the Purchase Agreement
is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: Reserved.

g.
Section 2.7(c)(i) of the Purchase Agreement
is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

(i)
to the Seller Group, by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the wire instructions and other directions set
forth on Section 2.7(c) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule or as delivered to Buyer by Seller Group at least two (2) Business Days
prior to Closing, an amount equal to the Closing Payment;

h.
Each of Section 2.7(c)(ii) and Section
2.7(c)(iii) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: Reserved.

2

i.
Section 2.8(a) of the Purchase Agreement
is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

(a)
At least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, Sellers shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer a statement setting
forth in reasonable detail the Sellers good faith estimate of the Closing Net Working Capital. On the day three (3) Business
Days prior to the Closing Date, the Sellers shall temporarily shut down the Facilities at 10:30pm CT, and representatives of the Buyer
and the Sellers shall jointly complete a physical inventory count of the inventory of the Business located the Facilities and shall mutually
agree on the value of the inventory that will be used in calculating the Closing Net Working Capital (the Inventory Amount).
The Inventory Amount shall be calculated consistent with the terms of Section 1.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule. Such physical
inventory count and related assessment shall be conducted following industry standard procedures and will be observed following GAAP.
The Inventory Amount will be final and binding upon the Parties and not be modified in any preparation of the Purchase Price Adjustment
Statement. Prior to 5:00 p.m. Central Time on the Business Day prior to the Closing Date, Sellers shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to Buyer a statement (the Closing Date Statement) setting forth in reasonable detail the Sellers good faith estimate
as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the Closing Date, of the Closing Net Working Capital (using the Inventory
Amount) (the Estimated Closing Net Working Capital).

j.
Section 2.8(b) of the Purchase Agreement
is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: Reserved.

k.
The first sentence of Section 2.8(c) of the
Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

(c)
As promptly as possible, but in any event within one hundred twenty (120) days after the Closing Date (Report Period),
Buyer may prepare and deliver to the Seller Group (i) a consolidated balance sheet of the Business as of the Calculation Time and (ii)
a written statement (the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement) setting forth Buyers good faith calculation
of the Closing Net Working Capital together with such schedules and data with respect to the determination thereof as may be appropriate
to support the calculations set forth in the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement, all of which shall be prepared and determined in accordance
with this Agreement (including, to the extent applicable, the definitions contained herein and the calculations set forth on Section
1.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule).

l.
The last two sentences of Section 2.8(c)
of the Purchase Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following:

If
Buyer does not deliver the Purchase Price Adjustment Statement to the Seller Group within the Report Period, then the Closing Date Statement
and the Estimated Closing Net Working Capital as set forth thereon shall be final and binding for all purposes hereunder.

3

m.
The last sentence of Section 2.8(e) of the
Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety.

n.
Section 2.8(f) of the Purchase Agreement
is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

(f)
If the Final Closing Net Working Capital is less than the Estimated Closing Net Working Capital by more than $2,000,000, the Buyer shall
be entitled to receive from the Seller Group an amount equal to such excess (the Final Adjustment Amount) within
five (5) Business Days of the date the Final Purchase Price Adjustment Statement becomes final and binding on the parties. For example,
if the Estimated Closing Net Working Capital is $15,000,000 and the Final Closing Net Working Capital is $12,000,000, the Seller Group
shall pay the Buyer $1,000,000.

o.
Each of Section 2.8(g) and Section 2.8(h)
of the Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: Reserved.

p.
Section 2.9 of the Purchase Agreement is
hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

2.9
Tax Adjustment. Within five (5) Business Days following the Closing, the Seller Group shall request a Tax Clearance Certificate,
in the form and substance reasonably agreed to by Buyer, from the Wisconsin Department of Revenue for Enlight. If such Tax Clearance
Certificate provides that Enlight owes any Taxes, then the Seller Group shall be jointly and severally liable to pay such Taxes to the
Wisconsin Department of Revenue within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of such Tax Clearance Certificate.

q.
Section 3.11(b) of the Purchase Agreement
is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

(b)
The Purchased Assets constitute all real and tangible property used by the Seller Group to conduct the Business as currently conducted
by the Sellers, and together with any services, occupancy and other rights to be provided to Buyer pursuant to any agreement contemplated
by the Agreement (including the Transition Services Agreement and the AMMO Munitions Transfer) are, except as set forth in the PHA Report,
sufficient to conduct the Business as presently conducted and are sufficient to continue to conduct the Business after Closing.

r.
The first sentence of Section 5.11 of the
Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

Not
later than ninety (90) days after the expiration of the Report Period or the determination of the Final Purchase Price Adjustment Statement
in accordance with the terms of Section 2.8 hereof, as applicable, Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Sellers (i) an allocation
of the Purchase Price (as finally determined pursuant to Section 2.8), the Assumed Liabilities and any other amounts properly
included in the amount realized for income Tax purposes (the Tax Consideration) among each Seller, and (ii) a further
allocation of the Tax Consideration attributable to each Seller among each Sellers assets (the Allocation Statement),
which Allocation Statement shall be prepared in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code.

4

s.
A new section, Section 5.25, shall be inserted
into the Purchase Agreement after Section 5.24 as follows:

5.25
Non-Disparagement.

(a)
Each member of the Seller Group hereby covenants, agrees and acknowledges that since the date of the Purchase Agreement neither it nor
any of its Affiliates nor any of its or its Affiliates senior leadership has made, and following date hereof for a period of two (2)
years from and/or after Closing, each member of the Seller Group shall not make, and shall cause its Affiliates and its and their senior
leadership not to make, directly or indirectly through any Person or contractual arrangement, any statement, written or oral, that defames,
disparages, libels or slanders Buyer or its Affiliates, or its and their respective officers, directors, managers, employees, and each
member of the Seller Group further covenants, agrees and acknowledges that none of it, its Affiliates or their respective current senior
leadership has or will encourage any other Person to make any such statements; provided, that nothing contained in this Section 5.25(a)
is intended to prevent truthful testimony in any Proceeding or any truthful statements necessary to correct a disparaging comment.

(b)
Buyer hereby covenants, agrees and acknowledges that since the date of the Purchase Agreement neither it nor any of its Affiliates nor
any of its or its Affiliates senior leadership has made, and following date hereof for a period of two (2) years from and/or after Closing,
Buyer shall not make, and shall cause its Affiliates and its and their senior leadership not to make, directly or indirectly through
any Person or contractual arrangement, any statement, written or oral, that defames, disparages, libels or slanders any member of the
Seller Group or its respective Affiliates, or its and their respective officers, directors, managers, employees, and Buyer further covenants,
agrees and acknowledges that none of it, its Affiliates or their respective current senior leadership has or will encourage any other
Person to make any such statements; provided, that nothing contained in this Section 5.25(b) is intended to prevent truthful testimony
in any Proceeding or any truthful statements necessary to correct a disparaging comment.

t.
A new section, Section 5.26, shall be inserted
into the Purchase Agreement after Section 5.25 as follows:

5.26
Release.

(a) Effective
as of the Closing, each member of the Seller Group, on its own behalf and on behalf of such
members Affiliates, owners, heirs, distributes, executors, personal representatives,
administrators, successors and assigns (collectively, the Seller Releasors),
hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any past and present claims, disputes, losses
controversies, demands, right, liabilities and causes of action of every kind and nature,
known or unknown, that such Seller Releasor has or may have against Buyer and its Affiliates,
directors, managers, officers, employees or agents (the Buyer Released Parties)
for all claims any member of the Seller Group may have arising from, related to or in connection
with the timing of the Closing Date or that Closing is occurring after Seller anticipated
(collectively, such released claims, the Seller Released Claims).

5

(b) Effective
as of the Closing, Buyer, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates, owners, heirs,
distributes, executors, personal representatives, administrators, successors and assigns
(collectively, the Buyer Releasors), hereby unconditionally and irrevocably
waives any past and present claims, disputes, losses controversies, demands, right, liabilities
and causes of action of every kind and nature, known or unknown, that such Buyer Releasor
has or may have against any member of the Seller Group or its or their Affiliates, directors,
managers, officers, employees or agents (the Seller Released Parties)
for all claims arising from, related to or in connection with (i) any action or inaction
of any member of the Seller Group that caused customer orders for the Business to decline
after January 20, 2025 such that as of the Closing the Developed Owned Property is currently
operating, and is anticipated to operate for the near future, at below normal operating capacity,
(ii) the remediation of equipment and/or any OSHA noncompliance as outlined in the PHA Report,
and (iii) inventory of the Business in excess of reasonable operational requirements (collectively,
such released claims, the Buyer Released Claims). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, this Section 5.26(b) shall in no way preclude Buyer from making a claim
under the Purchase Agreement for Fraud.

(c) Each
member of the Seller Group, on behalf of itself and the Seller Releasors, now and forever
covenants and agrees not to sue or institute suit (whether in a court or other administrative
or adjudicative body, tribunal or forum, by arbitration, by set-off, recoupment or otherwise)
upon any and all Seller Released Claims which a Seller Releasor has against the Buyer Released
Parties. Buyer, on behalf of itself and the Buyer Releasors, now and forever covenants and
agrees not to sue or institute suit (whether in a court or other administrative or adjudicative
body, tribunal or forum, by arbitration, by set-off, recoupment or otherwise) upon any and
all Buyer Released Claims which a Buyer Releasor has against the Seller Released Parties.

(d) Nothing
in this Section 5.26 shall be construed to be an admission by any Party of any liability
whatsoever or as an admission by any Party that any other Party had any rights whatsoever
against it, nor shall this provision or the term(s) thereof be offered or received as evidence
in any proceeding in any forum as an admission of liability or wrongdoing on the part of
any Party hereto. Except as expressly stated in this Section 5.26, nothing in this
Section 5.26 shall constitute a release, discharge or waiver of any rights of Buyer
or Seller Group with respect to this Amendment, the Purchase Agreement or the Representation
and Warranty Insurance Policy; it being understood that this provision shall release, discharge
and/or waive the Seller Released Claims and/or Buyer Released Claims.

6

u.
Section 6.3(k) of the Purchase Agreement
are each hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: Reserved.

v.
Section 7.7 of the Purchase Agreement is
hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

7.7 Exclusive
Remedies. Subject to Section 9.15 and except for breaches of Section 5.15,
Section 5.16, Section 5.25 and Section 5.26, and as otherwise expressly
stated herein, the Parties acknowledge and agree that their sole and exclusive remedy with
respect to any and all claims (other than claims arising from Fraud or failure to make a
payment to Seller Group or Buyer hereunder) for any breach of any representation, warranty,
covenant, agreement or obligation set forth herein or otherwise relating to the subject matter
of this Agreement, shall be pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in ARTICLE
VII. Nothing in this Section 7.7 shall limit any Persons right to seek
and obtain any equitable relief to which any Person shall be entitled or to seek any remedy
on account of any partys breach of Section 5.15, Section 5.16, Section 5.25
and Section 5.26.

w.
Exhibit F of the Purchase Agreement is hereby
amended by deleting the Escrow Agreement in its entirety replaced with the following: Reserved.

3.
Amendments to Seller Disclosure Schedule.

a.
Paragraphs a) and b) of Section 1.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with
the following:

a)
In calculating current assets:

i. Cash
will be excluded.

ii. Any
receivable uncollected ninety (90) days from the Closing Date will be excluded. Accounts
receivable will not include prepaid amounts for raw materials.

iii. Inventory
upon transfer of title to a customer in accordance with contractual arrangements with the
customer will be excluded. Quantities of finished goods inventory shall be subject to a physical
inventory count.

iv. Inventories
will be valued on an average cost basis according to GAAP and the historic business practices
of Seller Group.

v. The
maximum value that will be attributed to inventory will be $49,012,630.

7

vi. Prepaid
expenses will be included.

vii. Any
amounts due from related parties will be excluded.

b)
In calculating current liabilities:

i. Accounts
payable will be included.

ii. Accounts
payable to related parties will be excluded.

iii. A
liability in the amount of $7,000,000 will be included in the current liabilities.

b.
Section 7.2(e) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule is hereby amended by adding a new item to the Seller Disclosure Schedule with
the following disclosure:

4.
Taxes resulting from the failure of the Seller Group to collect and maintain sales tax exemption certificates from customers of the Business.

4.
Full Force and Effect. Except as expressly provided herein, the Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance
with its terms. This Amendment shall form a part of the Purchase Agreement and each Party to the Purchase Agreement shall be bound hereby.
From and after the execution of this Amendment by the Parties, any reference to the Purchase Agreement shall be deemed a reference to
the Purchase Agreement as amended hereby.

5.
General. Any provision of this Amendment may be amended, waived or modified only upon the written consent of Buyer and the Seller
Group. The Purchase Agreement (as amendment hereby) and the exhibits thereto, the Seller Disclosure Schedule, the Ancillary Documents,
and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the Parties relating to the subject matter and thereof and supersede
all prior contracts or agreements, whether oral or written. The provisions set forth in Section 9.2 (Expenses), Section 9.3
(Notices), Section 9.4 (Governing Law), Section 9.6 (Severability), Section 9.8 (Effect of Waiver or Consent),
Section 9.9 (Parties in Interest), Section 9.10 (Assignability), Section 9.12 (Jurisdiction; Court Proceedings;
Waiver of Jury Trial), Section 9.13 (No Other Duties), Section 9.14 (Reliance on Counsel and Other Advisors), Section
9.15 (Specific Performance), Section 9.16 (Counterparts), and Section 9.17 (Further Assurance) of the Purchase Agreement
are hereby incorporated into, and shall apply to, this Amendment, mutatis mutandis.

[Signature
Page Follows]

8

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered in its name and on its behalf, all as
of the day and year first above written.

AMMO, INC.

By /s/ Jared R. Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AMMO TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: /s/ Jared R. Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Officer

ENLIGHT GROUP II, LLC

By: /s/ Jared R. Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Offier

FIRELIGHT GROUP I, LLC

By: /s/ Jared R. Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to First Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered in its name and on its behalf, all as
of the day and year first above written.

OLIN WINCHESTER, LLC

By: /s/ Brett Flaugher

Name: Brett Flaugher

Title: President

[Signature
Page to First Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CONSENT AND SECOND AMENDMENT TO LOAN AND SECURITY
AGREEMENT

This CONSENT AND SECOND AMENDMENT
TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is entered into as of April 18, 2025 by and among SUNFLOWER
BANK, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (Agent), AMMO, INC., a Delaware corporation
(Ammo), AMMO TECHNOLOGIES INC., an Arizona corporation (Ammo Technologies), ENLIGHT GROUP II,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Enlight), and AMMO MUNITIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation (Ammo
Munitions; and together with Ammo, Ammo Technologies, and Enlight, individually and collectively, jointly and severally, Borrower).

RECITALS

Borrower and Agent are parties
to that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated as of December 29, 2023 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time, the Loan Agreement). The parties desire to amend the Loan Agreement in accordance with the terms of
this Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree
as follows:

1. Pursuant to the terms of the Olin Winchester Acquisition
Agreement (as defined below) and the related transactions contemplated thereby, Buyer intends to acquire certain of the assets and business
of Borrower (the Olin Winchester Acquisition). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Agent hereby
consents to the Olin Winchester Acquisition substantially in the form presented to Agent as of the date of this Amendment, the agreements
to be entered into in connection therewith (and the execution, delivery and performance by Borrower thereof), and the transactions contemplated
thereby and thereunder. Upon the Second Amendment Effective Date, Agent shall release Agents security interest in the Collateral.

2. Notwithstanding anything else set forth in the
Loan Agreement or the other Loan Documents, the parties hereto hereby agree that all amounts available under the Revolving Line as of
the Second Amendment Effective Date shall be Zero Dollars ($0.00).

3. The defined term Prepayment Fee in
Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement hereby is deleted in its entirety.

4. The following defined terms in Section 1.1
of the Loan Agreement hereby are added, amended or restated as follows:

Amended and Restated Revolving Line
Promissory Note means an amended and restated revolving line promissory note in the amount of Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00),
executed by Borrower in favor of Agent, which amends and restates the Revolving Line Promissory Note in full, without novation.

Buyer means Olin
Winchester, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Olin Winchester Acquisition
means the acquisition of certain of the assets and business of Borrower by Buyer as contemplated in the Olin Winchester Acquisition Agreement.

Olin Winchester Acquisition Agreement
means the documents, agreements and other instruments, including all schedules and exhibits thereto, executed and/or delivered in connection
with the Olin Winchester Acquisition.

Early Termination Fee means:
in the event the Obligations are prepaid in full (whether voluntary or involuntary, including after acceleration thereof) and this Agreement
is terminated prior to the last day of the term as described in Section 2.6 hereof (the date of such termination hereinafter referred
to as the Early Termination Date), an additional fee in the amount of (i) Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000.00)
if such termination occurs on or prior to September 30, 2025; (ii) Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000.00) if such termination occurs
after September 30, 2025 but on or prior to December 29, 2025; and (iii) One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) if such termination
occurs after December 29, 2025 but prior to the Maturity Date.

Loan Documents means, collectively,
this Agreement, any agreements related to letters of credit, any subordination/intercreditor agreements, the Amended and Restated Revolving
Line Promissory Note, any pledge or security agreements, and any other note or notes executed by each Loan Party or any other Person,
and any other agreement, instrument, Guaranty or document entered into in connection with this Agreement, all as amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified or extended from time to time.

Name Change means the change
of legal name required under the Olin Winchester Acquisition Agreement to occur within five (5) Business Days after closing of each Borrower
to remove AMMO or any marks acquired by Buyer in the Olin Winchester Acquisition.

Obligations means all debt,
principal, interest, Lender Expenses, the Early Termination Fee, and other amounts owed to Agent and/or any Lender by Borrower pursuant
to this Agreement, or any other agreement, whether absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, including
any interest that accrues after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding and including any debt, liability, or obligation owing from
Borrower to others that Agent or any Lender may have obtained by assignment or otherwise.

Revolving Line Availability
means (i) prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, the lesser of (a) the Revolving Line or (b) the Borrowing Base; or (ii) upon the
Second Amendment Effective Date, Zero Dollars ($0.00).

Second Amendment Effective
Date means April 17, 2025.

2

Total Commitment Amount
means, as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00).

5. Section 2.1(a)(i) of the Loan Agreement
hereby is amended and restated as follows:

Subject to and upon the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, Borrower may request Advances under the Revolving Line in an aggregate outstanding amount not
to exceed the Revolving Line Availability. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, amounts borrowed pursuant to this Section
2.1(a) may be repaid and re-borrowed at any time prior to the Maturity Date without penalty of premium. Upon the occurrence of the Maturity
Date, all Advances under this Section 2.1(a) shall be immediately due and payable.

6. Section 2.1(a)(ii)(A) of the Loan Agreement
hereby is amended and restated as follows:

So long as the Revolving
Line Availability is greater than Zero Dollars ($0.00), whenever Borrower desires an Advance under the Revolving Line, Borrower will notify
Agent no later than Noon Central time five (5) Business Days prior to when the Advance is to be made. Each such notification shall be
made by delivering to Agent (i) a Revolving Advance Request Form in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto (a Notice
of Borrowing), (ii) an updated month-end Borrowing Base Certificate (as defined herein), and (iii) a Compliance Certificate
(as defined herein) with an effective date no greater than sixty (60) days prior to the date of such notification. Each Lender, severally
and not jointly, will make Advances to Borrower equal to such Lenders Revolving Line Commitment Percentage of such requested Advance.

7. Section 2.5(b) of the Loan Agreement hereby
is amended and restated as follows:

(b) Early Termination
Fee. The Early Termination Fee, when due hereunder.

8. Section 2.5(d) of the Loan Agreement hereby
is amended and restated as follows:

(d) Collateral Monitoring Fee. So
long as the Revolving Line Availability is greater than Zero Dollars ($0.00), a fee, payable monthly to Agent, for the ratable benefit
of Lenders, on the first day of each month, in an amount equal to One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per month.

9. Section 6.3(b) of the Loan Agreement hereby
is amended and restated as follows:

as soon as available, but
in any event within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of Borrowers fiscal year, audited consolidated and consolidating
financial statements of Borrower prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, together with an unqualified opinion on such
financial statements of an independent certified public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Agent (CPA), together
with, provided that the Revolving Line Availability is greater than Zero Dollars ($0.00), a Compliance Certificate;

3

10. Section 6.3(e) of the Loan Agreement hereby
is amended and restated as follows:

(e) within thirty (30)
days after the last day of each fiscal quarter (or more frequently if reasonably required by Agent), Borrower shall deliver to Agent a
detailed aging of Borrowers Accounts by invoice date or a summary aging by account debtor, together with payable aging, inventory
analysis (by location and category), deferred revenue report, credit memos, collections, along with evidence of all other adjustments
to accounts receivable, a sales report, monthly account statements for each depository, investment or operating account of Borrower not
maintained at Agent, and such other matters as Agent may request, together with, provided that the Revolving Line Availability
is greater than Zero Dollars ($0.00), a Borrowing Base Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer in substantially the form of Exhibit
C hereto (Borrowing Base Certificate), prepared as of such quarter end and at other times in Agents discretion;
provided, that if and when the Daily Balance is equal to an amount greater than $0, such Borrowing Base Certificate shall be delivered
to Agent within thirty (30) days after the last day of each fiscal month;

11. The last paragraph of Section 6.3 of the
Loan Agreement hereby is amended and restated as follows:

Agent shall have a right
from time to time hereafter, at its discretion, to (i) perform field examinations and audit Borrowers Accounts and (ii) appraise
Collateral; provided, however, Borrower shall only be obligated to pay expenses of Agent in connection therewith for two
(2) such field examinations and one (1) Collateral appraisal per calendar year (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
in which case Borrower shall be obligated to pay expenses of Agent with respect to all such field examinations, audits and appraisals
until such Event of Default is cured).

12. Section 6.3(f) of the Loan Agreement hereby
is amended and restated as follows:

(f) so long as the Revolving
Line Availability is greater than Zero Dollars ($0.00), within thirty (30) days after the last day of each quarter, Borrower shall deliver
to Agent a Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer in substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto (Compliance
Certificate); provided, that if and when the Daily Balance is equal to an amount greater than $0, such Compliance Certificate
shall be delivered to Agent within thirty (30) days after the last day of each fiscal month;

13. Section 6.8(a) of the Loan Agreement hereby
is amended and restated as follows:

(a) Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio. (i) At any time Advances are outstanding under the Revolving Facility or (ii) so long as the Revolving Line Availability is
greater than Zero Dollars ($0.00), and commencing the first full calendar month after the Closing Date, Borrower shall not permit the
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as of the last day of each month to be less than 1.10:1:00, measured as of the last day of each month, for
the trailing twelve (12) month period ended as of such date.

14. Schedule I of the Loan Agreement hereby
is amended and restated in its entirety as attached hereto as Schedule I.

4

15. Exhibit D of the Loan Agreement hereby
is amended and restated in its entirety as attached hereto as Exhibit D.

16. No course of dealing on the part of Agent or its
officers, nor any failure or delay in the exercise of any right by Agent, shall operate as a waiver thereof, and any single or partial
exercise of any such right shall not preclude any later exercise of any such right. Agents failure at any time to require strict
performance by Borrower of any provision shall not affect any right of Agent thereafter to demand strict compliance and performance. Any
suspension or waiver of a right must be in writing signed by an officer of Agent.

17. Agent hereby (a) consents to the Name Change and
any required amendments to the organizational documents to implement the Name Change, and (b) waives the notice period for such change
under Section 7.2 of the Loan Agreement, provided, that within thirty (30) days following the Name Change, Borrower and Agent shall
enter into a subsequent amendment to the Loan Agreement acknowledging the Name Change and updating Borrowers name in the Loan Agreement.

18. Unless otherwise defined, all initially capitalized
terms in this Amendment shall be as defined in the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, shall be and remain in full
force and effect in accordance with its respective terms and hereby is ratified and confirmed in all respects. Except as expressly set
forth herein, the execution, delivery, and performance of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of, or as an amendment of, any
right, power, or remedy of Agent under the Loan Agreement, as in effect prior to the date hereof.

19. Borrower represents and warrants that the Representations
and Warranties contained in the Loan Agreement are true and correct as of the date of this Amendment, and that no Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing.

20. As a condition to the effectiveness of this Amendment,
Agent shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, the following:

(a) this Amendment, duly executed
by Borrower;

(b) the Amended and Restated Revolving
Line Promissory Note, duly executed by Borrower;

(c) a certificate of the Secretary
of Borrower with respect to incumbency and resolutions authorizing the execution and delivery of this Amendment;

(d) a duly executed copy of the
Olin Winchester Acquisition Agreement;

(e) all reasonable Lender Expenses
incurred through the date of this Amendment, which may be debited from any of Borrowers accounts; and

(f) such other documents, and
completion of such other matters, as Agent may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate.

21. Each of Article 10, Article 11, Article 12 and
Article 13 of the Loan Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis, as though fully set forth.

[Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first above written.

AMMO, INC.

By: /s/ Jared R. Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AMMO TECHNOLOGIES INC.

By: /s/ Jared R. Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Officer

ENLIGHT GROUP II, LLC

By: /s/ Jared R. Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AMMO MUNITIONS, INC.

By: /s/ Jared R. Smith

Name: Jared R. Smith

Title: Chief Executive Officer

SUNFLOWER BANK, N.A.

By: /s/ Mark Venable

Name: Mark Venable

Title: Asset Manager

[Signature Page to Consent and Second Amendment
to Loan and Security Agreement]

SCHEDULE I

Lender Revolving
Line Commitment Revolving
Line Commitment Percentage

SUNFLOWER BANK, N.A. $5,000,000.00 100%

Total Revolving Line Commitment: $5,000,000.00 100%

EXHIBIT D

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

TO: SUNFLOWER BANK, N.A., as Agent

FROM: AMMO, INC.; AMMO TECHNOLOGIES INC.; ENLIGHT GROUP II, LLC; and AMMO MUNITIONS, INC.

The undersigned
authorized officer of each of AMMO, INC., AMMO TECHNOLOGIES INC., ENLIGHT GROUP II, LLC, and AMMO MUNITIONS, INC. (individually and collectively,
jointly and severally, Borrower), hereby certifies that in accordance with the terms and conditions of that certain Loan
and Security Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2023 (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, the Agreement)
among Borrower, the lenders party hereto (the Lenders), and SUNFLOWER BANK, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral
agent for Lenders (in such capacity, Agent): (i) Borrower is in complete compliance for the period ending with
all required covenants except as noted below and (ii) all representations and warranties of Borrower stated in the Agreement are true
and correct as of the date hereof. Attached herewith are the required documents supporting the above certification. The Officer further
certifies that these are prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and are consistently applied from
one period to the next except as explained in an accompanying letter or footnotes.

Please indicate compliance status by
circling Yes/No under Complies column.

Reporting Covenant Required Complies

Annual financial statements (CPA audited) and (if Revolving Line Availability
is greater than $0) a Compliance Certificate FYE within 120 days Yes No

Monthly financial statements Monthly within 30 days Yes No

Compliance Certificate If Revolving Line Availability is greater than $0, quarterly within 30 days
(or monthly within 30 days if and when Daily Balance exceeds $0) Yes No

Annual operating budget, sales projections and operating plans approved by board of managers Annually no later than 30 days after the beginning of each fiscal year Yes No

Borrowing Base Certificate, A/R & A/P Agings, deferred revenue
report, credit memos, evidence of all other adjustments to A/R, a sales report, inventory analysis, and account statements of each
account of Borrower not maintained at Agent Within 30 days after the last day of each quarter
(so long as Revolving Line Availability is greater than $0, Borrowing Base Certificate to be provided monthly within 30 days if
and when Daily Balance exceeds $0) Yes No

Field Exam At Agents discretion Yes No

Collateral appraisal At Agents discretion Yes No

Deposit balances with Agent or any Lender $ ________________ 

Deposit balance outside Agent or any Lender $ ________________ 

Financial Covenant Required Actual Complies

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio

(commencing first full calendar month after Closing

Date; calculations set forth on Schedule A attached hereto) At least 1.10:1.00 (so long as Revolving Line Availability is greater than $0) _______:1.00 Yes No

[signature on following page]

Comments Regarding Exceptions: See Attached. 

Sincerely, 

SIGNATURE 

TITLE 

DATE 

SCHEDULE A TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO CALCULATION

(determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP)

A. Calculation of Adjusted EBITDA for trailing twelve (12) month period
ended [_/_/20 ]: 

(i) Borrowers consolidated Net Income for such period: $ 

(ii) interest payments paid during such period: $ 

(iii) all income and franchise taxes paid during such period: $ 

(iv) depreciation and amortization for such period: $ 

(v) non-cash stock compensation to employees for such period: $ 

(vi) non-recurring losses or expenses approved by Agent in writing for such period: $ 

(vii) all non-cash gains, non-recurring gains, and extraordinary gains increasing Adjusted EBITDA deemed by Agent to be extraordinary or non-recurring: $ 

(viii) Adjusted EBITDA for such period [A(i) + A(ii) + A(iii) + A(iv) + A(v) + A(vi) A(vii)]: $ 

B. Capital expenditures paid during such period (other than capital expenditures financed with the proceeds of purchase money indebtedness or capital leases to the extent permitted by the Agreement and which for the avoidance shall not include payments in respect of Permitted Acquisitions): $ 

C. Distributions and dividends paid during such period (which are permitted under Section 7.6 of the Agreement and paid in cash): $ 

D. Without duplication, Permitted Tax Distributions paid during such period (which are permitted under Section 7.6 of the Agreement and paid in cash): $ 

E. Tax payments paid by Borrower in cash during such period $ 

F. [A(vii) B C D E]: $ 

G. Calculation of Debt Service Charges during such period: 

(i) cash portion of interest payments paid during such period: $ 

(ii) scheduled payments of principal on Indebtedness (including capital lease obligations and Subordinated Debt) and all scheduled permanent revolving credit commitment reductions on all Indebtedness: $ 

(iii) Debt Service Charges for such period [G(i) + G(ii)]: $ 

H. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio [F/G(iii)]: ______:1.00 

I. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio required by Section 6.8(a) of the Agreement: 1.10:1.00 

J. Compliance? [Yes] [No]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

AMMO,
Inc. Completes Sale of Ammunition Manufacturing Assets to Olin Winchester

Sale
Transitions AMMO to an E-commerce-Focused Company Accelerating Growth Through GunBroker.com, the Largest Online Marketplace for Firearms,
Hunting and Related Products

Sale
Allows Company to Center its Attention on Innovation, Profitability, and Long-term Value Creation

SCOTTSDALE,
Ariz., April 18, 2025 AMMO, Inc. (Nasdaq: POWW, POWWP) (AMMO, we, us, our
or the Company), the owner of GunBroker.com, the largest online marketplace for firearms, hunting, and related products,
today announced it has completed the sale of its ammunition manufacturing assets to Olin Winchester, LLC (Olin Winchester),
a subsidiary of Olin Corporation .

This
transaction represents a pivotal milestone in AMMOs transformation into a high-margin, tech-enabled e-commerce company centered
around GunBroker.com. The Company intends to focus resources on scaling its digital platform, improving user experience, and unlocking
additional value for shareholders.

This
transaction marks a defining moment in AMMOs evolution, said Christos Tsentas, Chair of the Boards M&A Committee.
After a thorough strategic review and collaboration with our financial and legal advisors, we are confident this sale will unlock
significant value and enable AMMO to accelerate growth as a pure-play e-commerce platform. GunBroker.com is already the leader in the
online firearms marketplace, and we expect this streamlined focus will allow us to double down on innovation, user engagement, and long-term
profitability.

GunBroker.com:
Positioned for Scalable Growth

GunBroker.com
becomes AMMOs remaining core business and a high-potential growth engine. Recent initiativesincluding enhancements to the
checkout experience and expanded offerings in outdoor gear and experienceshave led to improved customer engagement and conversion.
The Company anticipates that a simplified business structure and a fortified balance sheet will further fuel targeted investments, operational
efficiency, and disciplined capital allocation.

Transaction
Details

As
part of the transaction, Olin Winchester acquired AMMOs 185,000-square-foot manufacturing and ballistic testing facility in Manitowoc,
Wisconsin.

Entering
into the transaction, which was unanimously approved by AMMOs Board and its M&A Committee, was the culmination of a comprehensive
strategic review process beginning in February 2024, during which the Company worked with a team of independent advisors to engage with
an array of prospective buyers. That comprehensive strategic review process included: establishing an M&A Committee comprised solely
of independent directors; evaluating multiple investment banks to assist the Board and the M&A Committee, which ultimately led to
the engagement of Baird; pursuing a thorough and competitive sale process that involved 15 potential buyers; selecting Lake Street Capital
Markets (Lake Street), from among a group of firms evaluated by the M&A Committee, to conduct an independent analysis
of the transaction in connection with the rendering of a fairness opinion to the Board, which opinion was sought from Lake Street regardless
of whether its ultimate conclusions were favorable or unfavorable; Lake Streets determination that the transaction was fair from
a financial point of view, and that it fell within a range of possible values; and engaging in a thorough and deliberate evaluation process
by the M&A Committee and the entire Board, which considered the merits and risks of the multiple bids and the proposed transaction
with Olin Winchester, as well as strategic alternatives to the proposed transaction with Olin Winchester.

As
previously disclosed, we believe the Company has significant opportunities to grow and scale GunBroker.com, as the e-commerce
space for the firearms and shooting sports industries continues expanding. Among other reasons, as a result of higher supply costs relative
to our larger manufacturing competitors, challenges in securing larger government contracts due to our manufacturing capacity, industry
headwinds, and historical operating losses in the ammunition segment diverting our resources from growth opportunities, we believe the
sale of the ammunition manufacturing assets will enable us to capitalize on e-commerce growth opportunities, while allowing the Company
to become a more focused, streamlined and profitable organization. Moving forward, the Company expects to focus on growing and prioritizing
the profitable, high-margin GunBroker.com marketplace. The successful completion of this transaction is expected to further simplify
the business, while reinforcing AMMOs cash position to support expansion and thoughtful capital allocation. The Company expects
to use the proceeds from the transaction for general corporate purposes, although the Board may evaluate other uses in the future when
and as appropriate.

AMMO
was advised by Baird and represented by Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner LLP in connection with the transaction. Lake Street Capital Markets
provided a fairness opinion to the Board.

Rebranding
and Next Phase

In
conjunction with the sale, AMMO is beginning a formal rebranding process, including a corporate name change to Outdoor Holding Company,
to better reflect its e-commerce identity and broader vision in the outdoor lifestyle and sporting goods sectors.

Additional
Company Updates

Nasdaq
Listing Compliance

As
disclosed in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on February 25, 2025, the Company received an additional deficiency notification letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq),
requiring the Company to submit an updated plan by no later than March 6, 2025 concerning its efforts to regain compliance with Nasdaqs
listing requirements. The Company timely submitted the updated compliance plan to Nasdaq and will provide additional details to investors
as appropriate.

About
GunBroker

GunBroker
is the largest online marketplace dedicated to firearms, hunting, shooting and related products. Third-party sellers list items on the
site and Federal and state laws govern the sale of firearms and other restricted items. Ownership policies and regulations are followed
using licensed firearms dealers as transfer agents. Launched in 1999, the GunBroker.com website is an informative, secure and
safe way to buy and sell firearms, ammunition, shooting accessories, and outdoor gear online. GunBroker promotes responsible ownership
of guns and firearms. For more information, visit: www.gunbroker.com.

Cautionary
Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

Statements
contained in this press release that are not statements of historical fact are considered forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the federal securities laws and are presented pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as target, believe, expect,
will, may, anticipate, estimate, would, positioned,
future, and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical
matters. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about the expected benefits of the transaction and statements
about the Companys plans, objectives, expectations and intentions for its business following consummation of the transaction.
These statements are based only on Company managements current beliefs, expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking
statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to
predict and many of which are outside of the Companys control. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those described in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, risks associated with pending or threatened litigation
related to the transaction; unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the transaction; risks related to disruption of management
time from ongoing business operations due to the transaction; failure to realize the benefits expected from the transaction; and effects
of the completion of the transaction on the ability of the parties to retain customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain
relationships with their counterparties, and on their operating results and businesses generally. Therefore, investors should not rely
on any of these forward-looking statements and should review the risks and uncertainties described under the caption Risk Factors
in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2024, and additional disclosures the Company makes in
its other filings with the SEC, which are available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Forward-looking statements are made as
of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and except as provided by law, the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking
to any update forward-looking statements.

Contacts

For
media:

Longacre
Square Partners

Rebecca
Kral

AMMO@longacresquare.com

For
investors:

CoreIR

Phone: (212) 655-0924

IR@ammo-inc.com

Source: AMMO, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>poww-20250418.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>poww-20250418_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>poww-20250418_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>poww-20250418_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 18, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-13101

Entity Registrant Name AMMO,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001015383

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-1950534

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7681 E. Gray Rd.

Entity Address, City or Town Scottsdale

Entity Address, State or Province AZ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 85260

City Area Code (480)

Local Phone Number 947-0001

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol POWW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security 8.75%
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol POWWP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=POWW_CommonStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=POWW_Sec8.75SeriesCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ammoinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
poww-20250418.xsd 
poww-20250418_def.xml 
poww-20250418_lab.xml 
poww-20250418_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-005369-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001015383 

2025-04-18 
2025-04-18 

0001015383 

POWW:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-04-18 
2025-04-18 

0001015383 

POWW:Sec8.75SeriesCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-04-18 
2025-04-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001015383 
8-K 
2025-04-18 
AMMO, INC. 
DE 
001-13101 
83-1950534 
7681 E. Gray Rd. 
Scottsdale 
AZ 
85260 
(480) 
947-0001 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
POWW 
NASDAQ 
8.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 
POWWP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>