<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-026667.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-026667.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250214082533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-026667
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PPL Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000922224
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				232758192
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11459
		FILM NUMBER:		25623441

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO N NINTH ST
		CITY:			ALLENTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18101-1179
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-774-5151

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO N NINTH ST
		CITY:			ALLENTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18101-1179

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PPL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000214

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PP&L RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941123
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d925822d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

PPL Corpfalse000092222400009222242025-02-142025-02-140000922224us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-142025-02-140000922224ppl:A2007SeriesADue2067Member2025-02-142025-02-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 14, 2025

Commission File

Number 

Registrant; State of Incorporation;

Address and Telephone Number 

IRS Employer

Identification No.

1-11459 

PPL Corporation

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

(Pennsylvania) 23-2758192

645 Hamilton Street 

Allentown, PA18101 

(610)774-5151 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol: 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock of PPL Corporation PPL New York Stock Exchange

Junior Subordinated Notes of PPL Capital Funding, Inc. 2007 Series A due 2067 PPL/67 New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Section 8 Other Events 

Item 8.01 

Other Events 

On February 14, 2025, PPL Corporation (the Company) entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the Equity Distribution Agreement) with Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as our agents (each, a Sales Agent and collectively, the Sales Agents), Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of America, N.A., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (each, in its capacity as purchaser under any Forward Agreement (as defined below), a Forward Purchaser and collectively, the Forward Purchasers) and Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (each, as agent for its affiliated Forward Purchaser in connection with the offering and sale of any shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), in connection with a Forward Agreement (as defined below), a Forward Seller and collectively, the Forward Sellers). Concurrently with its entry into the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company entered into separate master forward confirmations (collectively, the Master Forward Confirmations), each dated February 14, 2025, by and between the Company and each of the Forward Purchasers, a form of which is attached as Exhibit B to the Equity Distribution Agreement. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate sales price of $2.0 billion of Common Stock, through or to the Sales Agents, as sales agents and/or principals, or pursuant to any Forward Agreement (as defined below). Sales of Common Stock made pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement, if any, may be made by means of ordinary brokers transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or negotiated transactions, or as otherwise agreed with the applicable Sales Agent. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including among others, market conditions, the trading price of the Common Stock, capital needs and determinations by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for the Company. Any such Common Stock sold will be offered and sold pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-277140) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2024, or a subsequent replacement registration statement. 

The Equity Distribution Agreement provides that, in addition to the sale of Common Stock by the Company through the Sales Agents, the Company may also enter into forward sale agreements pursuant to any Master Forward Confirmation and related supplemental confirmations to be entered into between the Company and the relevant Forward Purchaser pursuant thereto (each supplemental confirmation, together with the related Master Forward Confirmation, a Forward Agreement). In connection with any Forward Agreement, pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement, the relevant Forward Purchaser has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to borrow from third parties and, through the relevant Forward Seller, sell a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the particular Forward Agreement. 

The Company will not initially receive any proceeds from the sale of borrowed shares of Common Stock by a Forward Seller. The Company expects to receive proceeds upon future physical settlement of the relevant Forward Agreement with the relevant Forward Purchaser on dates specified by the Company in the relevant Forward Agreement, which are expected to be on or prior to the maturity date of the relevant Forward Agreement. 

In connection with each Forward Agreement, the relevant Forward Seller will receive, in the form of a reduced initial forward sale price payable by the relevant Forward Purchaser under the relevant Forward Agreement, commissions at a mutually agreed rate not to exceed 2.0% of the gross sales price of all borrowed shares of Common Stock sold during the applicable forward hedge selling period by it as a Forward Seller. 

The initial forward sale price per share under each Forward Agreement will equal the product of (1) an amount equal to one minus the applicable forward selling commission and (2) the volume weighted average price per share at which the shares of Common Stock are sold by the Sales Agents pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement, subject to the price adjustment provisions of such Forward Agreement. If the Company elects to physically settle any Forward Agreement by delivering Common Stock, it will receive an amount of cash from the Forward 

Purchaser equal to the product of the initial forward sale price per share under such Forward Agreement and the number of shares underlying such Forward Agreement, subject to the price adjustment and other provisions of the Forward Agreement. Each Forward Agreement will provide that the initial forward sale price, as well as the sales prices used to calculate the initial forward sale price, will be subject to adjustment based on a floating interest rate factor equal to the specified daily rate less a spread. In addition, the initial forward sale price will be subject to decrease on certain dates specified in the applicable Forward Agreement by the amount per share of quarterly dividends the Company expects to declare during the term of such Forward Agreement. If the specified daily rate is less than the spread on any day, the interest rate factor will result in a daily reduction of the forward sale price. 

Except under the circumstances described in the next sentence, the Company has the right, in lieu of physical settlement of any Forward Agreement, to elect cash or net share settlement of such Forward Agreement. Each Forward Purchaser will have the right to accelerate its Forward Agreement and require the Company to physically settle on a date specified by the Forward Purchaser under the terms described in the Forward Agreement. 

The Company intends to use the net proceeds, if any, (x) from the offering, after deducting the Sales Agents commissions and its offering expenses and (y) payable upon settlement of any Forward Agreement, in each case, for general corporate purposes. 

The descriptions of the Equity Distribution Agreement and the Master Forward Confirmations above are qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Equity Distribution Agreement, including the form of Master Forward Confirmation attached as Exhibit B thereto, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. 

Section 9 Financial Statements and Exhibits 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) 

Exhibits 

1.1 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated February 14, 2025, by and among PPL Corporation and Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, acting as managers, Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of America, N.A., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, acting as forward purchasers, and Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC acting as forward sellers, including the Form of Master Forward Confirmation attached thereto as Exhibit B. 

5.1 Opinion of W. Eric Marr, Esq. 

23.1 Consent of W. Eric Marr, Esq. (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

PPL CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Marlene C. Beers

Marlene C. Beers

Vice President and Controller

Dated: February 14, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d925822dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

PPL Corporation 

Common
Stock, Par Value $0.01 Per Share 

Having an Aggregate Offering Price of up to $2,000,000,000 

EQUITY DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 

February 14, 2025 

To: 

Barclays Capital Inc.

745 Seventh Avenue

New York, New York 10019 

Barclays Bank PLC

c/o Barclays Capital Inc.

745 Seventh Avenue

New York, New York 10019 

Barclays Capital Inc.

745 Seventh Avenue

New York, New York 10019

BofA Securities, Inc.

One Bryant Park

New York, New York 10036 

Bank of America, N.A.

One Bryant Park, 8th Fl.

New York, New York 10036 

BofA Securities, Inc.

One Bryant Park

New York, New York 10036

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

200 West
Street

New York, New York 10282 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

200 West
Street

New York, New York 10282 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

200 West
Street

New York, New York 10282

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

383 Madison
Avenue

New York, New York 10179 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

383
Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

383 Madison
Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

1271 Avenue of the
Americas

New York, New York 10022 

Mizuho Markets Americas LLC

1271 Avenue of the
Americas

New York, New York 10022 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

1271 Avenue of the
Americas

New York, New York 10022

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

1585
Broadway, 6th Floor

New York, New York 10036 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

1585
Broadway, 6th Floor

New York, New York 10036 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

1585
Broadway, 6th Floor

New York, New York 10036

MUFG Securities Americas Inc.

1221 Avenue of
the Americas, 6th Floor

New York, New York 10020 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

Brookfield Place

200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor

New York, New York 10281 

Royal Bank of Canada

c/o RBC Capital Markets,
LLC

200 Vesey Street

New York, New York 10281 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

Brookfield Place

200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor

New York, New York
10281

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

250 Vesey Street

New York, New York 10281 

The Bank of Nova Scotia

44 King Street West

Toronto, Ontario Canada M5H 1H1 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

250 Vesey Street

New York, New York 10281

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

500 West 33rd
Street, 14th Floor

New York, New York 10001 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association

500 West
33rd Street, 14th Floor

New York, New York 10001 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

500 West 33rd
Street, 14th Floor

New York, New York 10001

As Managers As Forward Purchasers As Forward Sellers

This Equity Distribution Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into by
and among PPL Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation (the Company), on the one hand, and Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (each, a Manager, and collectively, the Managers), Barclays
Bank PLC, Bank of America, N.A., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association (each in its capacity as purchaser under any Forward Contract (as defined below), a Forward Purchaser and collectively, the Forward Purchasers) and Barclays Capital Inc., BofA
Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (each, as agent for its
affiliated Forward Purchaser in connection with the offering and sale of any Forward Hedge Shares (as defined below) hereunder, a Forward Seller and collectively, the Forward Sellers), on the other hand. 

SECTION 1. Description of Shares. From time to time during the term of this Agreement (x) the Company may issue and sell
through or to the Managers, as sales agents and/or principals, Issuance Shares (as defined below) and (y) the Forward Purchasers may offer and sell, through the Forward Sellers, Forward Hedge Shares (as defined below), in the aggregate having
an aggregate offering price of up to $2,000,000,000 on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. The Issuance Shares and the Forward Hedge Shares offered and sold pursuant to this Agreement shall be referred to herein as the
Shares. The shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company to be outstanding after giving effect to the sales contemplated hereby are hereinafter referred to as the Common Stock. The Company
agrees that, whenever the Company determines to sell Issuance Shares directly to any Manager as principal, it will enter into a separate agreement (each, a Terms Agreement), in form and substance mutually satisfactory to the
Company and such Manager, relating to such sale in accordance with Section 3 hereof. 

The Company has filed not earlier than three
years prior to the date hereof, or will file, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Act), with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission), a registration statement (File No. 333-277140) on Form S-3, including a Base Prospectus (as defined below), which
specifically relates to Shares which may be issued from time to time by the Company, and which incorporates by reference documents that the Company has filed or will file in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act). The Company has prepared or will prepare a Prospectus Supplement (as defined below) to the Base Prospectus which specifically relates to the
Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, Registration Statement, as used herein, means the registration statement, including the Base Prospectus, as amended at the time of such registration statements
effectiveness or deemed effectiveness for purposes of Section 11 of the Act, as such section applies to the Managers, Forward Purchasers, and Forward Sellers, including (1) all documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated or deemed to
be incorporated by reference therein, and (2) any information contained or incorporated by reference in a prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act, to the extent such information is deemed, pursuant to Rule
430B or Rule 430C under the Act, to be part of the registration statement at the time of such registration statements effectiveness or deemed effectiveness for purposes of Section 11 of the Act, as such section applies to the Managers.
Except where the context otherwise requires, Base Prospectus, as used herein, means the prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement, together with any amendments or supplements thereto as of the date of this Agreement.
Except where the context otherwise requires, Prospectus Supplement, as used herein, means the final prospectus supplement relating to the Shares, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act in
connection with the offering of the Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, Prospectus, as used herein, means the Prospectus Supplement together with the Base Prospectus. Permitted Free Writing
Prospectuses, as used herein, means the documents listed on Schedule A hereto. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and
include the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Act as of the date of such document. Any reference herein to the terms
amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus shall be
deemed to refer to and include the filing on or after the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, or the date of the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, as the case may
be, of any document with the Commission deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or to any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to include
any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to the Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval (EDGAR) system. Execution Time shall mean the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by
the parties hereto. 

1 

For purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined
shall have the following respective meanings: 

Actual Sold Forward Amount means, for any Forward Hedge Selling Period
for any Forward, the number of Forward Hedge Shares that a Forward Seller has sold during such Forward Hedge Selling Period. 

Forward means the transaction resulting from the delivery by the Company, and the acceptance by the relevant Forward
Purchaser, of a Forward Placement Notice, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the applicable Forward Contract. 

Forward Contract means, for each Forward, the contract evidencing such Forward between the Company and a Forward Purchaser,
which shall be comprised of the Master Forward Confirmation and the related Supplemental Confirmation (as defined in the Master Forward Confirmation) for such Forward. 

Forward Date means any Trading Day that a Forward Placement Notice is delivered or deemed to be delivered pursuant to
Section 3(b). 

Forward Hedge Amount means the aggregate Sales Price of the Forward Hedge Shares to be sold by a
Forward Seller with respect to any Forward as specified in the Forward Placement Notice for such Forward, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Forward Hedge Price means, for any Forward Contract, the product of (x) an amount equal to one (1) minus the
Forward Hedge Selling Commission Rate for such Forward Contract; and (y) the Volume-Weighted Hedge Price (as defined in the Master Forward Confirmation) for such Forward Contract. 

Forward Hedge Selling Commission means, for any Forward Contract, the product of (x) the Forward Hedge Selling
Commission Rate for such Forward Contract and (y) the Volume-Weighted Hedge Price (as defined in the Master Forward Confirmation) for such Forward Contract. 

Forward Hedge Selling Commission Rate means, for any Forward Contract, a rate mutually agreed between the Company and a
Forward Seller, not to exceed 2.0%. 

Forward Hedge Selling Period means the period of consecutive Trading Days (as
determined by the Company in its sole discretion and specified in the applicable Forward Placement Notice) beginning on, and including, the Trading Day immediately following the Trading Day on which such Forward Placement Notice is delivered or
deemed to be delivered pursuant to Section 3(b) and ending on, and including, the earlier of (x) the last day of the Forward Hedge Selling Period specified in the applicable Forward Placement Notice and (y) the date on which the
relevant Forward Seller completes the sale of the full number of Forward Hedge Shares to be sold pursuant to such Forward Placement Notice; provided, that if, prior to the scheduled end of any Forward Hedge Selling Period, (x) any event
occurs that would permit a Forward Purchaser to designate a Scheduled Trading Day as a Termination Settlement Date (as each such term is defined in the Master Forward Confirmation) under, and pursuant to, the provisions
opposite the caption Termination Settlement in the Master Forward Confirmation or (y) an Insolvency Filing (as such term is defined in the Master Forward Confirmation) occurs, then the Forward Hedge Selling Period shall
immediately terminate as of the first such occurrence (or, if later, when persons at the Forward Seller responsible for executing sales of Forward Hedge Shares become aware of such occurrence). 

Forward Hedge Settlement Date means the first Trading Day (or such earlier day as is industry practice for regular-way trading) following each Trading Day during the applicable Forward Hedge Selling Period on which a Forward Seller sells any Forward Hedge Shares pursuant to this Agreement. 

2 

Forward Hedge Shares means all shares of Common Stock borrowed by a
Forward Purchaser or its affiliate and offered and sold by the Forward Sellers in connection with any Forward that has occurred or may occur in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Forward Placement Notice means a written notice to a Forward Purchaser and a Forward Seller, as applicable, delivered in
accordance with this Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A specifying that it relates to a Forward. 

Issuance Shares means all shares of Common Stock issued and sold through a Manager in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement. 

Master Forward Confirmation means any Master Confirmation, dated as of the date hereof,
by and between the Company and any Forward Purchaser, including all provisions incorporated by reference therein, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B. 

Sales Price means, for each Forward Hedge Share or each Issuance Share, the actual sale execution price of each Forward
Hedge Share or Issuance Share, respectively, sold by a Forward Seller or a Manager, as applicable, on the NYSE (as defined below), in the case of ordinary brokers transactions, or as otherwise agreed by the parties in other methods of sale.

Settlement Date means any Forward Hedge Settlement Date or any Issuance Share Settlement Date (as defined below). 

Trading Day means any day which is a trading day on the NYSE, other than a day on which the NYSE is scheduled to close
prior to its regular weekday closing time. 

SECTION 2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents
and warrants to, and agrees with, each Manager, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers on and as of (i) the Execution Time, (ii) each date on which the Company executes and delivers a Terms Agreement or a Forward Placement Notice,
(iii) the time any Authorized Representative (as defined in Section 3(a)(i)) instructs any Manager to make sales of Shares as set forth in Section 3 hereof, (iv) the time of each sale of Shares pursuant to this Agreement,
(v) each Settlement Date and (vi) each Bring-Down Delivery Date (as defined in Section 4(n)) (each such date listed in (ii) through (vi), a Representation Date), that: 

(a) The Company satisfies the conditions for the use of Form S-3 in connection with the offer and sale
of the Shares as contemplated hereby. The Registration Statement has become effective, or will become effective prior to any Representation Date. The Registration Statement at each Representation Date, and at all times during which a prospectus is
required by the Act to be delivered (whether physically deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 or any similar rule) in connection with any offer or sale of Shares, meets the requirements set forth in Rule
415(a)(1)(x). Copies of such Registration Statement and each of the amendments thereto have been delivered by the Company to the Managers by means of the Commissions EDGAR system. 

(b) No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment thereto or the Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement, if any, is in effect, and no proceedings for such purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Act are pending before or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the Commission. The Commission has not issued any order
preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus Supplement or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus and no proceeding for that purpose has been initiated or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the Commission. 

(c) On the date it became effective, the Registration Statement conformed, and, as then amended or supplemented, as of each Representation
Date will conform, in all material respects, to the applicable requirements of the Act. When the Prospectus is first filed in accordance with Rule 424(b) and as of each Representation Date, the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will conform,
in all material respects to the applicable requirements of the Act and, except to the extent the Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers shall agree in writing to a modification, shall be in all substantive respects in the form furnished to
you prior to the Execution Time or, to the 

3 

extent not completed at the Execution Time, shall contain only such specific additional information and other changes (beyond that contained in the Base Prospectus used most recently prior to the
Execution Time) as the Company has advised you, prior to the Execution Time, will be included or made therein. The Company meets, and at the time the Registration Statement was originally declared effective the Company met, the applicable
requirements of Form S-3 under the Act. The documents incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, when they were filed (or, if any amendment with respect to any such document
was filed, when such amendment was filed), conformed in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act; and any further such documents incorporated by reference will, when they are filed, conform in all material respects with the
requirements of the Exchange Act. 

(d) Each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, if any, conformed or will conform in all material respects
to the requirements of the Act on the date of first use, and the Company has complied or will comply with all prospectus delivery and filing requirements applicable to each such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus pursuant to the Act. The Company has
not made any offer relating to the Shares that would constitute a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus without the prior written consent of the Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers. The Company has retained, in accordance with the Act, all
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, that were not required to be filed pursuant to the Act. 

(e) As of the date it became
effective, the Registration Statement did not, and does not and will not, as then amended or supplemented, as of each Representation Date, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; as of its date, the Prospectus did not, and does not and will not, as then amended or supplemented, as of each Representation Date, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, if any, as of its date, did not include any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus hereto, if any, does not
conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, and each such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together with the Prospectus as of its date, did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the representations and
warranties set forth in this Section 2(e) do not apply to statements or omissions in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any such amendment or supplement thereto in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to
the Company by or on behalf of any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Manager, Forward Purchaser or
Forward Seller consists of the information described as such in Section 7 hereof. 

(f) The Company has been duly incorporated, is
validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Pennsylvania and has the corporate power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

(g) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder
and all action required to be taken for the due and proper authorization, execution and delivery by it of this Agreement, the Master Forward Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation under the Master Forward Confirmation
(collectively, the Transaction Documents) and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby has been duly and validly taken. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to issue, sell and
deliver the Issuance Shares, in accordance with and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Companys Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation), and the Bylaws of the Company (the
Bylaws), each as subsequently amended from time to time. All corporate action required to be taken by the Company or its board of directors for the offer and sale of the Shares and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement has been validly taken. 

(h) The Shares to be offered by the Company hereunder have been duly authorized and when issued
and delivered and paid for as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will conform to the description thereof in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; and
no such issuance of Shares is subject to any statutory, preemptive or other similar contractual rights to subscribe for the Shares. 

4 

(i) The authorized capital stock of the Company conforms as to legal matters to the
description thereof contained in the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented as of the relevant Representation Date. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and conform as to legal matters to the description thereof contained in or incorporated by reference into the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented as of the relevant Representation Date; and the
stockholders of the Company have no preemptive rights with respect to the Shares. As of the date of the Companys most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or an Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented as of the relevant Representation Date, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any outstanding
options to purchase, or any preemptive rights or other rights to subscribe for or to purchase, any securities or obligations convertible into, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell, shares of its capital stock or any such options, rights,
convertible securities or obligations. All outstanding shares of capital stock and options and other rights to acquire capital stock have been issued in compliance with the registration and qualification provisions of all applicable securities laws
and were not issued in violation of any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights. 

(j) This Agreement has been
duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(k) Neither the issuance, sale and delivery of the Issuance Shares nor the
application of the proceeds thereof by the Company as described in the Prospectus will violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation of such Board of Governors. 

(l) The Company is in compliance in all material respects with its Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended as of the applicable
date. 

(m) The execution and delivery by the Company of, and performance by the Company of its obligations under, each of the Transaction
Documents, the issuance and sale of the Issuance Shares by the Company through the Managers and the offering and sale of any Forward Hedge Shares by any Forward Seller, will not result in a breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of,
or constitute a default under, any statute, any rule, regulation or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties, or any
agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (except a breach,
violation or default that would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the execution and delivery by the Company of, and performance by the Company of its obligations under, the Transaction Documents, and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated therein), or the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company. 

(n) No consent, approval,
authorization, or order of, or filing with, any governmental agency or body or any court is required to be obtained or made by the Company of its respective obligations under the Transaction Documents, the issuance and sale of the Issuance Shares,
the offering and sale of any Forward Hedge Shares and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except (x) such as have been obtained and made under the Act or the Exchange Act or (y) such consents,
approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications (A) as may be obtained under applicable securities or blue-sky laws of any state or foreign jurisdiction in connection with the sale
of the Issuance Shares by the Managers or the offering of the Forward Hedge Shares by the Forward Sellers or (B) as have been obtained prior to the date herewith. 

(o) The consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, together with the related notes and schedules, each set forth
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented as of the relevant Representation Date comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and
the Exchange Act and the related published rules and regulations thereunder; such audited financial statements have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout
the periods involved, except as disclosed therein; and no material modifications are required to be made to the unaudited interim financial statements for them to be in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. The pro forma
financial information, if any, including the pro forma financial statements and the related notes thereto, incorporated by referenced in the Prospectus and the Registration Statement have been, or shall be, prepared in accordance with the applicable
requirements of the Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable. The assumptions used in preparing such pro forma financial information are, or shall be, reasonable and the adjustments used therein are, or shall be, appropriate to give effect to the
transactions and circumstances referred to therein. 

5 

(p) Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended or
supplemented as of the relevant Representation Date, since the respective dates as of which information included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus is provided, (i) there has been no material adverse
change, or event or occurrence that would result in a material adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole and (ii) there has been no dividend or distribution of any
kind declared, paid or made by the Company on any class of its capital stock. 

(q) The Company is not, and after giving effect to the
offering and sale of the Issuance Shares and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Prospectus, will not be, an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(r) Deloitte & Touche LLP, which has audited certain financial statements of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries and issued
its report with respect to certain of the audited consolidated financial statements and schedules included and incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company during the
periods covered by its report within the meaning of the Act and regulations thereunder and the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Each other independent registered public accounting firm, if any, that has
certified or reported on any other financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to
the Company and its subsidiaries or other appropriate entity, as applicable, within the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission and the PCAOB and as required by the Act. 

(s) The Company maintains systems of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are executed in
accordance with managements authorizations and transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act and (B) internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 

(t) The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly
presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(u) None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, or employee thereof, or any
agent or representative of the Company or of any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, has taken or will take any action in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization or approval of the payment, giving or receipt of money,
property, gifts or anything else of value, directly or indirectly, to any government official (including any officer or employee of a government or government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting
in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office) (Government Official) or to any person in order to influence official action in
violation of any applicable anti-corruption laws; (ii) the Company and each of its subsidiaries and affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and have instituted and maintained policies and
procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and with the representations and warranties contained herein; and (iii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries will use, directly or indirectly, the
proceeds of the offering in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any person in violation of any applicable anti-corruption laws. 

(v) The operations of the Company and each of its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with all
applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act
of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company and each of its subsidiaries conduct business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or
guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any
arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

6 

(w) None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or, to the Companys knowledge, any
director, officer, or employee thereof, or any agent, affiliate or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, is an individual or entity (Person) that is, or is owned or controlled by one or more Persons that are:
(A) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant
sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), or (B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, so-called
Donetsk Peoples Republic, or so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea region, the non-government controlled areas of Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions
or any other Covered Region of Ukraine identified pursuant to Executive Order 14065, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria); (ii) the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make
available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person: (A) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is
the subject of Sanctions, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (B) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering,
whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise); and (iii) the Company and each of its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in, are not now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions with any Person,
or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions. 

(x) None of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to, or that might reasonably be expected to, cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of the Shares. 

(y) On or prior to the date an Authorized Representative (as defined below) instructs a Manager to make
sales of Issuance Shares, such Issuance Shares will have been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE), subject only to notice of issuance, if applicable. 

(z) (A) Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented as of the relevant
Representation Date, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any of its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of
their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of them), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (B) the Company and its subsidiaries have
not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data, except as would not, in the case of this clause (i),
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; (i) the Company and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all
applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and
Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, in the case of this clause (ii), individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; and (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology reasonably consistent
with industry standards and practices. 

(aa) The Common Stock is an actively-traded security excepted from the requirements of
Rule 101 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act by Rule 101(c)(1) thereunder. 

Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company and
delivered to a Manager, Forward Purchaser, and Forward Seller, or counsel for the Managers, Forward Purchasers or Forward Sellers in connection with an offering of Shares hereunder shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, as to
matters covered thereby, to each Manager, Forward Purchaser, or Forward Seller. 

7 

SECTION 3. Sale and Delivery of Issuance Shares and Forward Hedge Shares. On the
basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, (x) the Company agrees to issue and sell through or to the Managers, as sales agents and/or principals, as and
when it provides instructions, in its discretion, for the sale of the Issuance Shares and (y) each Forward Purchaser agrees to offer for sale Forward Hedge Shares through its affiliated Forward Seller, as and when the Company delivers a Forward
Placement Notice to such Forward Purchaser and its affiliated Forward Seller and such Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller accept such Forward Placement Notice, and each Manager (in the case of Issuance Shares) or Forward Seller (in the case of
Forward Hedge Shares) agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulations, to (i) sell, as sales agent for the Company, Issuance Shares on the terms set
forth below and (ii) sell Forward Hedge Shares on the terms set forth below. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Manager (in the case of Issuance Shares) or Forward Seller (in the case of Forward Hedge Shares) may
decline, for any reason in its sole discretion, to act as sales agent for the Company or forward seller and agent for its affiliated Forward Purchaser, as the case may be, hereunder with respect to one or more sets of Company instructions for the
sale of Issuance Shares or Forward Placement Notices, as applicable. 

(a) Issuance Shares

(i) The Issuance Shares are to be sold by any one of the Managers on any single given day on any Trading Day on which
(A) the Company, through any of the individuals listed as authorized representatives of the Company on Schedule B hereto, as such Schedule B may be amended from time to time (the Authorized Representatives), has
instructed such Manager to make such sales and (B) the Company has satisfied its obligations under Sections 4, 5 and 6 hereof. On a Trading Day that the Company wishes to sell the Issuance Shares, (i) the Company may sell the Issuance
Shares through only one Manager on such Trading Day, and (ii) such Trading Day shall not be during, or overlap with, any Forward Hedge Selling Period; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit the Company from entering into a Terms
Agreement with two or more Managers, providing for such Managers, each acting severally as principal, to offer and sell Shares set forth in the Terms Agreements or prohibit or limit in any respect the offer or sale of Shares purchased by any
Manager, as principal, from the Company pursuant to a Terms Agreement. If the Company determines in its discretion to sell the Issuance Shares through a Manager, the Company will designate (x) in a notice delivered by electronic mail
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 3(a)(i) or (y) by telephone (confirmed promptly by electronic mail substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 3(a)(i)) the maximum amount of the Issuance Shares to be
sold by such Manager daily as agreed to by such Manager (in any event the Company shall not instruct such Manager to sell Issuance Shares in excess of the amount available for issuance under the Prospectus and the Registration Statement or in an
amount in excess of the amount of Shares authorized from time to time to be issued and sold under this Agreement or, together with all sales of the Shares under this Agreement, any minimum price below which sales of the Issuance Shares may not be
effected) and any other limitations specified by the Company and mutually agreed by such Manager. On any Trading Day, the Company shall give at least one business days prior notice (confirmed promptly by electronic mail) to the relevant
Manager as to any change of the Manager through whom sales of the Issuance Shares as sales agent will be made. The Manager through whom sales of the Issuance Shares as sales agent are then being made pursuant to this Section 3(a) is referred to
as the Selling Manager. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing limitation shall not apply to sales solely to employees or other security holders of the Company and its subsidiaries or to a trustee or other person acquiring the
Issuance Shares for the accounts of such persons in which Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities
Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC is acting for the Company in a capacity other than as Manager under this Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 3(a), the
Managers may sell the Issuance Shares by any method permitted by law including, without limitation, an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Act or sales made by means of ordinary brokers transactions, to or
through a market maker at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices (such transactions are hereinafter referred to as At the Market Offerings). Subject to
the terms and conditions of this Section 3(a) and the other terms and conditions specified herein (including, without limitation, the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company and the performance by the Company of its
covenants and other obligations contained herein and the satisfaction of the additional 

8 

conditions specified in Section 6 hereof), the applicable Manager shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to offer and sell all of the Issuance Shares designated; provided,
however, that the Managers shall have no obligation to offer or sell any Issuance Shares, and the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Managers shall have no such obligation, in the event that an offer or sale of the Issuance Shares on
behalf of the Company in the reasonable judgment of a Manager may cause such Manager to be deemed to be an underwriter under the Act in a transaction that is other than by means of ordinary brokers transactions between members of
the NYSE that qualify for delivery of a Prospectus to the NYSE in accordance with Rule 153 under the Act. 

(ii) No sales of
any of the Issuance Shares on behalf of the Company, pursuant to this Section 3(a), shall be made other than (A) by means of At the Market Offerings and (B) such other sales of the Issuance Shares on behalf of the Company in its
capacity as agent of the Company as shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and such Manager. 

(iii) The compensation
to each Manager, as agent of the Company, for sales of the Issuance Shares hereunder shall be at a mutually agreed rate, not to exceed 2.0% of the gross Sales Price of the Issuance Shares sold by such Manager pursuant to this Section 3(a). The
remaining proceeds, after further deduction for any transaction fees imposed by any governmental or self-regulatory organization in respect of such sales, shall constitute the net proceeds to the Company for such Issuance Shares (the Net
Proceeds). 

(iv) If the Company wishes to issue and sell the Issuance Shares other than as set forth in the
foregoing provisions of this Section 3(a), it will notify a Manager of the proposed terms of such issuance and sale (each, a Placement). If such Manager, acting as principal, wishes to accept such proposed terms (which it may
decline to do for any reason in its sole discretion) or, following discussions with the Company, wishes to accept amended terms, the Company and such Manager will enter into a Terms Agreement setting forth the terms of such Placement. In the event
of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any Terms Agreement, the terms of such Terms Agreement will control. 

(b) Forward Hedge Shares

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Transaction Documents, on any Trading Day, the Company may deliver a
Forward Placement Notice executed by an authorized officer of the Company to a Forward Purchaser and the affiliated Forward Seller. The Forward Purchaser and the affiliated Forward Seller may accept the Forward Placement Notice by e-mail to one of the Authorized Representatives confirming the terms of such Forward Placement Notice. Upon the delivery of a Forward Placement Notice to the Forward Purchaser and the Forward Seller and the Forward
Purchasers and the Forward Sellers acceptance of such Forward Placement Notice by e-mail confirming the terms of such Forward Placement Notice, and unless the sale of the Forward Hedge Shares
described therein has been suspended or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the Master Forward Confirmation, the Forward Purchaser will use commercially reasonable efforts to borrow Forward Hedge Shares up to the
amount specified and the Forward Seller will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell such Forward Hedge Shares in order to establish a commercially reasonable hedge position, and otherwise
in accordance with the terms of such Forward Placement Notice. The number of Forward Hedge Shares that the Forward Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to borrow and that the Forward Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
sell pursuant to such Forward shall have an aggregate actual sale execution price equal to the Forward Hedge Amount set forth in the Forward Placement Notice accepted by the Forward Purchaser and the Forward Seller. 

(ii) A Forward Placement Notice or any amendment thereto shall be deemed delivered on the Trading Day that it is received by
facsimile or otherwise (and the Company confirms such delivery by e-mail notice or by telephone (including voicemail message)) by the Forward Purchaser and the Forward Seller. No Forward Placement Notice may
be delivered if an ex-dividend date or ex-date, as applicable for any dividend or distribution payable by the Company on the Common Stock, is scheduled to occur during
the period from, but excluding, the first scheduled Trading Day of the related Forward Hedge Selling Period to, and including, the last scheduled Trading Day of such Forward Hedge Selling Period. 

9 

(iii) No later than the opening of the Trading Day next following the last
Trading Day of each Forward Hedge Selling Period (or, if earlier, the date on which any Forward Hedge Selling Period is terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the Master Forward Confirmation), the Forward Purchaser shall
execute and deliver to the Company, and the Company shall execute and return to the Forward Purchaser, a Supplemental Confirmation in respect of the Forward for such Forward Hedge Selling Period, which Supplemental
Confirmation shall set forth the Trade Date for such Forward (which shall, subject to the terms of the Master Forward Confirmation, be the last Trading Day of such Forward Hedge Selling Period), the Effective Date for
such Forward (which shall, subject to the terms of the Master Forward Confirmation, be the date one Settlement Cycle (as such term is defined in the Master Forward Confirmation) immediately following the last Trading Day of such Forward Hedge
Selling Period), the initial Base Amount for such Forward (which shall, subject to the terms of the Master Forward Confirmation, be the Actual Sold Forward Amount for such Forward Hedge Selling Period), the Maturity Date for
such Forward (which shall, subject to the terms of the applicable Master Forward Confirmation, be the date that follows the last Trading Day of such Forward Hedge Selling Period by the number of months or years set forth opposite the caption
Term in the Forward Placement Notice for such Forward, which number of months or years shall in no event be less than one (1) month nor more than twenty-four (24) months), the Forward Price Reduction Dates for such
Forward (which shall be each of the dates set forth below the caption Forward Price Reduction Dates in the Forward Placement Notice for such Forward), the Forward Price Reduction Amount corresponding to such Forward Price
Reduction Dates (which shall be each amount set forth opposite each Forward Price Reduction Date and below the caption Forward Price Reduction Amounts in the Forward Placement Notice for such Forward), the Spread
for such Forward (which shall be the amount set forth opposite the term Spread in the Forward Placement Notice), the Initial Forward Price for such Forward (which shall be determined as provided in the Master Forward
Confirmation), the Volume-Weighted Hedge Price (as defined in the Master Forward Confirmation), the Specified Borrow Rate (which shall be the rate set forth opposite the term Specified Borrow Rate in the Forward
Placement Notice), the Maximum Specified Borrow Rate (which shall be the rate set forth opposite the term Maximum Specified Borrow Rate in the Forward Placement Notice), the Forward Share Number and the
Notice Settlement Number (which shall be the number set forth opposite the term Notice Settlement Number in the Forward Placement Notice). 

(iv) For each Forward, the Company shall be obligated to enter into a Forward Contract with the Forward Purchaser, and the
Forward Purchaser shall be obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to borrow, and the Forward Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell, the Forward Hedge Shares pursuant
to such Forward only if and when the Company delivers a Forward Placement Notice to the Forward Purchaser and the Forward Seller and the Forward Purchaser and the Forward Seller have accepted such Forward Placement Notice as provided in
Section 3(b)(ii). The Company shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to request that the Forward Seller and Forward Purchaser amend at any time and from time to time any Forward Placement Notice, and if such amendment is accepted by the
Forward Purchaser and the Forward Seller, each of the Forward Purchaser and the Forward Seller shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving notice of such amendment, modify its offers to sell or borrow, as applicable, consistent with any
such amendment notice; provided, however, that (i) the Company may not amend the Forward Hedge Amount if such amended Forward Hedge Amount is less than the Actual Sold Forward Amount as of the date of such amendment and (ii) the
Company shall not have the right to amend a Forward Placement Notice after the related Supplemental Confirmation has been delivered to the Company. 

(v) Each of the Company, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers acknowledge and agree that: (x) there can be no
assurance that the Forward Purchaser will be successful in borrowing or that the Forward Seller will be successful in selling Forward Hedge Shares; (y) a Forward Seller will incur no liability or obligation to the Company, the Forward Purchaser
or any other person if it does not sell Forward Hedge Shares borrowed by the Forward Purchaser for any reason other than a failure by the Forward Seller to use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to
sell such Forward Hedge Shares as required under this Section 3(b); and (z) the Forward Purchaser will incur no liability or obligation to the Company, the Forward Seller or any other person if it does not borrow Forward Hedge Shares for
any reason other than a failure by the Forward Purchaser to use commercially reasonable efforts to borrow such Forward Hedge Shares as required under this Section 3(b). Notwithstanding anything 

10 

herein to the contrary, a Forward Purchasers obligation to use commercially reasonable efforts to borrow or cause its affiliate to borrow all or any portion of the Forward Hedge Shares (and
a Forward Sellers obligation to use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell such portion of the Forward Hedge Shares) for any Forward hereunder shall be subject in all respects to clause
(ii) of the provisions under the caption Conditions to Effectiveness in Section 3 of the Master Forward Confirmation. In acting hereunder, any Forward Seller will be acting as agent for the Forward Purchaser and not as
principal. 

(vi) The Company shall not authorize the sale of and such Forward Seller shall not sell any Forward Hedge
Shares, at a price lower than the minimum price therefor designated by the Company or in a number in excess of the number of Shares approved for listing on the NYSE, or in excess of the number or amount of Shares available for issuance on the
Registration Statement for which the applicable registration fee has been paid, it being understood and agreed by the parties hereto that compliance with any such limitations regarding the number of Shares shall be the sole responsibility of the
Company. In addition, the Company, on the one hand, or such Forward Seller, on the other hand, may, upon notice to the other party hereto by telephone (confirmed promptly by email or facsimile), suspend an offering of the Forward Hedge Shares
pursuant to this Agreement and/or terminate any Forward Hedge Selling Period; provided, however, that such suspension or termination shall not affect or impair the parties respective obligations with respect to the Forward Hedge
Shares sold hereunder prior to the giving of such notice. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may instruct the Managers (in
the case of Issuance Shares) or the Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers (in the case of Forward Hedge Shares) (confirmed promptly by electronic mail) not to sell the Shares if such sales cannot be effected at or above the price designated by the
Company in any such instruction or Forward Placement Notice, as applicable. In addition, the Company or any Manager (in the case of Issuance Shares) or the Forward Seller (in the case of Forward Hedge Shares) may, upon notice to the other parties
hereto (confirmed promptly by electronic mail), suspend the offering of the Shares for a specified period (a Suspension Period); provided, however, that such Suspension Period shall not affect or impair the
parties respective obligations with respect to the Shares sold hereunder prior to the giving of such notice and provided, further, that there shall be no obligations under Sections 4(n), 4(o), 4(p), 4(q) and 4(u) with respect to
the delivery of certificates, opinions, or comfort letters to the Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers, as applicable, or the conducting of a due diligence session, in each case, during a Suspension Period, and that such obligations
shall recommence on the termination of the Suspension Period. 

(d) If acting as manager or forward seller and agent for its affiliated
Forward Purchaser hereunder, as applicable, each Manager or Forward Seller, as the case may be, shall provide written confirmation to the Company (which may be by electronic mail) as soon as is reasonably practicable following the close of trading
on the NYSE each day in which the Shares are sold pursuant to Section 3(a) or Section 3(b) setting forth (i) the number of Issuance Shares or the Actual Sold Forward Amount sold on such day, (ii) the Net Proceeds to the Company
(in the case of Issuance Shares) or the Volume-Weighted Hedge Price (as defined in the Master Forward Confirmation) for the Forward Hedge Shares, as the case may be, and (iii) the commission payable by the Company to such Manager or
the Forward Hedge Selling Commission Rate, as the case may be, with respect to such sale of Shares. 

(e) Settlement for sales of the
Issuance Shares pursuant to this Agreement will occur on the first business day that is also a trading day on the NYSE following the date on which such sales are made (each such date, an Issuance Share Settlement Date). On each
Issuance Share Settlement Date, the Shares sold through a Manager for settlement on such date shall be issued and delivered by the Company to such Manager against payment of the Net Proceeds, or, at such Managers election, the gross proceeds,
for the sale of such Shares. Settlement for all such Shares shall be effected by free delivery of the Shares by the Company or its transfer agent to such Managers account, or to the account of such Managers designee, at The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System (DTC) or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto, which in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable,
registered units in good deliverable form, in return for payments in same day funds delivered to the account designated by the Company. In the event that the relevant Manager delivers the gross proceeds of a given sale of Issuance Shares to the
Company on an Issuance Share Settlement Date, the compensation payable to such Manager for such sale shall be set forth and invoiced in a periodic statement from the Manager to the Company and payment of such compensation shall be made promptly by
the Company as directed by such Manager after the Companys receipt of such periodic statement. If the Company, or its transfer agent (if 

11 

applicable), shall default upon its obligation to deliver the Issuance Shares on any Issuance Share Settlement Date, in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in
this Agreement, the Company shall (A) indemnify and hold such Manager harmless against any loss, claim or damage arising from or as a result of such default by the Company and (B) pay such Manager any commission to which it would otherwise
be entitled absent such default. Any Authorized Representative shall be a permissible contact person for the Company for all matters related to the settlement of the transfer of the Issuance Shares through DTC for purposes of this Section. 

(f) Each sale of Forward Hedge Shares will be settled as between the Forward Purchaser and the Forward Seller on each applicable Forward Hedge
Settlement Date following the relevant Forward Date. On or before each Forward Hedge Settlement Date, the Forward Purchaser will, or will cause its agent to, electronically transfer the Forward Hedge Shares being offered and sold by crediting the
Forward Seller or its designees account at DTC, or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the Forward Purchaser and the Forward Seller and, upon receipt of such Forward Hedge Shares, which in all cases shall be
freely tradeable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form, the Forward Seller shall deliver to the Forward Purchaser the related portion of the Forward Hedge Price in same day funds delivered to an account designated by the Forward
Purchaser prior to the relevant Forward Hedge Settlement Date. 

(g) At each Representation Date the Company shall be deemed to have
affirmed each representation and warranty contained in this Agreement. Any obligation of any Manager, Forward Purchaser, or Forward Seller to use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Shares shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of
the representations and warranties of the Company herein, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the continuing satisfaction of the additional conditions specified in Section 6 hereof. 

(h) Under no circumstances shall the aggregate gross proceeds of the Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement exceed the lesser of (A) the
amount set forth in Section 1 hereof and (B) the amount available for offer and sale under the Registration Statement, nor shall the aggregate amount of Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement exceed the amount of Shares authorized to be
issued and sold from time to time under this Agreement by the Board of Directors of the Company, or a duly authorized committee thereof, and notified to the Managers or Forward Seller, as applicable, in writing. The Managers and Forward Sellers
shall have no responsibility for maintaining records with respect to Shares available for offer or sale under the Registration Statement or for determining the aggregate gross proceeds, number or minimum price of Shares duly authorized by the
Company. 

(i) Each offer and sale of the Shares through or to any Manager or by any Forward Seller shall be made in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement or, if applicable, a Terms Agreement or Forward Placement Notice, as applicable. The applicable Managers commitment, if any, to purchase Issuance Shares from the Company as principal, or the applicable Forward
Sellers commitment to offer and sell Forward Hedge Shares, as the case may be, shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company, and performance by the Company of its covenants
and other obligations, herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth. At the time of each Terms Agreement or Forward Placement Notice, as the case may be, the applicable Manager or Forward Seller shall specify
the requirements, if any, for the officers certificate, opinions, letters of counsel and comfort letters and due diligence session pursuant to this Agreement. 

(j) Subject to the limitations set forth herein and except as provided in Section 3(k) hereof or otherwise may be mutually agreed upon by
the Company and the Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers, sales effected pursuant to this Agreement may not be requested by the Company and need not be made by any Manager or Forward Seller during the period from and including the date
(each, an Announcement Date) on which the Company shall issue a press release containing, or shall otherwise publicly announce, its earnings, revenues or other results of operations (each, an Earnings
Announcement), through and including the later to occur of (A) the day that the Company files a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or an Annual Report on Form
10-K that includes consolidated financial statements as of and for the same period or periods, as the case may be, covered by such Earnings Announcement, and (B) the applicable Bring-Down Delivery Date of
the Company referenced in Section 4(n) below or (iii) or during any other period in which the Company is, or could be deemed to be, in possession of material non-public information. 

12 

(k) Notwithstanding Section 3(j) hereof, if the Company wishes to offer or sell Shares
to a Manager as sales agent at any time during the period from and including an Announcement Date through and including the time that the Company files a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or an Annual Report on
Form 10-K that includes consolidated financial statements as of and for the same period or periods, the Company shall first (i) prepare and deliver to such Manager and the applicable Forward Purchaser
(with a copy to counsel for the Managers and the Forward Purchasers) a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes substantially the same financial and related information that was included in such Earnings
Announcement (other than any earnings projections and similar forward-looking data and officers quotations) (each, an Earnings 8-K), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
such Manager and the applicable Forward Purchaser, and, prior to its filing, obtain the written consent of such Manager to such filing (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (ii) provide such Manager and the
applicable Forward Purchaser with the officers certificate, opinions and letters of counsel and comfort letters, hereof, (iii) afford such Manager and the applicable Forward Purchaser the opportunity to conduct a due diligence review
prior to filing such Earnings 8-K and (iv) file such Earnings 8-K with the Commission. For purposes of clarity, the parties hereto agree that the delivery of any
officers certificate, opinion or letter of counsel or comfort letters pursuant to this Section 3(k) shall not relieve the Company from any of its obligations under this Agreement with respect to any Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, as the case may be, including, without limitation, the obligation to deliver officers certificates, opinions and letters of counsel
and comfort letters. 

(l) The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that any Manager or Forward Seller
will be successful in selling the Shares, (ii) no Manager or Forward Seller will incur liability or obligation to the Company, any Forward Purchaser or any other person or entity if it does not sell Shares for any reason other than a failure by
such Manager or Forward Seller to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulations to sell such Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (iii) no
Manager shall be under any obligation to purchase Issuance Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement except as otherwise specifically agreed by such Manager and the Company pursuant to a Terms Agreement. 

(m) If any of the Company, the Managers, Forward Purchasers or Forward Sellers has reason to believe that the excepted provisions set forth in
Rule 101(c)(1) of Regulation M under the Exchange Act are not satisfied with respect to the Shares, it shall promptly notify the other parties, and sales of the Shares under this Agreement shall be suspended until that or other excepted provisions
have been satisfied in the judgment of each party. 

SECTION 4. Covenants of the Company. The Company agrees with the Managers,
the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers as follows: 

(a) During the period in which a prospectus relating to the Shares is required
to be delivered under the Act (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Act or any similar rule), to notify the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers promptly of
the time when any amendment to the Registration Statement has become effective or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus has been filed by means of the Commissions EDGAR system; to prepare and file with the Commission, promptly upon the
Managers, the Forward Purchasers or the Forward Sellers request, any amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus that, in the Managers, the Forward Purchasers or the Forward Sellers
reasonable opinion, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the offer of the Shares by the Managers the Forward Purchasers or the Forward Sellers; and to cause each amendment or supplement to the Prospectus to be filed with the Commission
as required pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) of the Act. 

(b) To pay the required Commission filing fees relating to
the Shares within the time required by Rule 456(b)(1) of the Act without regard to the proviso therein and otherwise in accordance with Rules 456(b) and 457(r) of the Act. 

(c) To promptly advise the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, confirming such advice in writing (which may be made by
electronic mail), of any request by the Commission for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus or for additional information with respect thereto, or of notice of examination, institution of
proceedings for, or the entry of a stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or pursuant to Section 8A of the Act and, if the Commission should enter a stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or take any action with respect to such Section 8A, to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the lifting or removal of such order or resolution of 

13 

such action, as applicable, as soon as possible; to promptly advise the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers of any proposal to amend or supplement the Registration Statement,
the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus, and to provide the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers and counsel for the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers copies of any such documents (excluding any documents
incorporated or deemed incorporated therein by reference) for review and comment in a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing and to file no such amendment or supplement (other than any prospectus supplement relating to the offering
of other securities (including, without limitation, Common Stock)) to which the Managers, Forward Purchasers or Forward Sellers shall have objected in writing. 

(d) To make available to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, as soon as practicable after the date of this
Agreement, and thereafter from time to time to furnish to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, as many copies of the Prospectus (or of the Prospectus as amended or supplemented at such time if the Company shall have made any
amendments or supplements thereto) as the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers may reasonably request; in case the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers are required to deliver (whether physically, deemed to be
delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Act or any similar rule), in connection with the sale of the Shares, a prospectus after the nine-month period referred to in Section 10(a)(3) of the Act, or after the
time a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement is required pursuant to Item 512(a) of Regulation S-K under the Act, the Company will prepare, at its expense, such amendment or amendments to the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus as may be necessary to ensure compliance with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Act or Item 512(a) of Regulation S-K under the Act, as the case may be.

(e) Subject to Section 4(c) hereof, to file promptly all reports and documents and any preliminary or definitive proxy or
information statement required to be filed by the Company with the Commission in order to comply with the Exchange Act for so long as a prospectus relating to the Shares is required by the Act to be delivered (whether physically, deemed to be
delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Act or any similar rule) in connection with any sale of Shares and to provide the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers with a copy of such reports and
statements and other documents to be filed by the Company pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during such period a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing. 

(f) To promptly notify the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers of the happening of any event that could require the
making of any change in the Registration Statement as then amended or supplemented so that the Registration Statement would not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and to prepare and furnish, at the Companys expense, to each Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller promptly such amendments or supplements to such Registration Statement as may be
necessary to reflect any such change in such quantities as such Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller may reasonably request. To promptly notify the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers of the happening of any event that
could require the making of any change in the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented so that the Prospectus would not contain an untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, and, during any period during which a prospectus is required to be delivered (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through compliance
with Rule 172 under the Act or any similar rule) in connection with any sale of Shares, to prepare and furnish, at the Companys expense, to each Manager, Forward Purchaser and the Forward Seller promptly such amendments or supplements to such
Prospectus as may be necessary to reflect any such change in such quantities as such Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller may reasonably request. 

(g) To furnish such information as may be required and otherwise cooperate in qualifying the Shares for offer and sale under the securities
laws of such jurisdictions as the Managers, the Forward Purchasers or the Forward Sellers may reasonably designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Shares; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to consent to the service of process under the laws of any such jurisdiction (except service of process with respect to the offering and sale of the Shares); and to
promptly advise the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offer or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation
or threatening in writing of any proceeding for such purpose. 

14 

(h) To make generally available to its security holders, and to deliver to the Managers, the
Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers an earnings statement of the Company (which will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Act and Rule 158 of the Commission thereunder, which may be satisfied by timely filing reports with the
Commission on its EDGAR system) covering a period of twelve months beginning after the effective date of the Registration Statement (as defined in Rule 158(c) of the Act) as soon as is reasonably practicable after the termination of such
twelve-month period but not later than sixteen months after the effective date of the Registration Statement (as such date is defined in Rule 158(c) under the Act). 

(i) To apply the Net Proceeds from the sale of the Issuance Shares by the Company pursuant to this Agreement and any Terms Agreement in the
manner set forth under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus Supplement. 

(j) At any time that the Company has
instructed any Manager to sell the Issuance Shares or sent a Forward Placement Notice to any Forward Purchaser and its affiliated Forward Seller pursuant to Section 3 hereof but such instructions (or requirements set forth in such Forward
Placement Notice) have not been fulfilled or cancelled (such period, the Delivery Period), not to, without (x) giving the Managers, Forward Purchasers or Forward Sellers prior written notice, as promptly as reasonably
practicable, specifying the nature of the proposed sale and the date of such proposed sale and (y) the Managers, Forward Purchasers or Forward Sellers suspending activity under this Agreement for such period of time as requested by the Company
or deemed appropriate by the Agents in light of the proposed sale, (i) offer, pledge, announce the intention to sell, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option,
right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable, redeemable or exchangeable for Common
Stock of the Company, or file any registration statement under the Act with respect to any of the foregoing or (ii) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of
Common Stock, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock, in cash or otherwise. The foregoing sentence shall not apply to (A) Shares offered and sold under this
Agreement or any Terms Agreement, (B) the registration of the offer and sale of the Shares through any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller pursuant to this Agreement or any Terms Agreement or settlement of any Forward, (C) the
issuance by the Company of shares of Common Stock pursuant to, or the grant of options under the Companys stock option, employee benefit or dividend reinvestment plans (as described in the Prospectus), or the filing of a registration statement
with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of Common Stock issued or reserved for issuance under such plans, or (D) the conversion or exchange of any debt or other instrument that is convertible into or exchangeable for Common
Stock, which right or instrument is disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as of such date. 

(k) The Company and its
subsidiaries will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price
of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares. 

(l) To use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the Common Stock to maintain its listing on the NYSE. 

(m) To advise the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers promptly
after it shall have received notice or obtained knowledge of any information or fact that would materially alter or affect any opinion, certificate, letter or other document provided to the Managers pursuant to Section 6 hereof. 

(n) Upon commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement (and upon recommencement of the offering of the Shares under this
Agreement following a Suspension Period) and in connection with each time that (i) the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be amended or supplemented (other than pursuant to subclause (iii) below and other than by a prospectus
supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act relating solely to the offering of securities other than the Shares), (ii) there is a Settlement Date resulting from a 

15 

sale of Issuance Shares directly to any Managers as principal, or (iii) there is filed with the Commission any document incorporated by reference into the Prospectus (the date of
commencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement and each date referred to in subclauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, are each referred to as a Bring-Down Delivery Date), unless the Managers, Forward Purchasers
and Forward Sellers agree otherwise, to furnish or cause to be furnished to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers forthwith a certificate dated as of the applicable Bring-Down Delivery Date and delivered within one Trading Day
after such Bring-Down Delivery Date (or, in the case of a Bring-Down Delivery Date resulting from a sale of Issuance Shares directly to any Managers as principal, delivered on such Settlement Date), in form reasonably satisfactory to the Managers,
the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers to the effect that the statements contained in the certificate referred to in Section 6(f) of this Agreement which was last furnished to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers
are true and correct as of such Bring-Down Delivery Date, as though made at and as of such date (except that such statements shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to such date) or, in
lieu of such certificate, a certificate of the same tenor as the certificate referred to in said Section 6(f), modified as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to the time of delivery
of such certificate; provided that the filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K will not constitute a Bring-Down Delivery Date under clause (iii) above unless either (A)(x) such Current Report on
Form 8-K is filed at any time during which either a prospectus relating to the Shares is required to be delivered under the Act (whether physically, deemed to be delivered pursuant to Rule 153 or through
compliance with Rule 172 or any similar rule) or such Current Report on Form 8-K is filed at any time from and including the date of a Terms Agreement through and including the relevant Settlement Date and
(y) the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers have reasonably requested that such date be deemed to be a Bring-Down Delivery Date based upon the event or events reported in such Current Report on Form 8-K or (B) such Current Report on Form 8-K contains capsule financial information, historical or pro forma financial statements, supporting schedules or other financial
data, including any Current Report on Form 8-K or part thereof under Item 2.02 of Regulation S-K of the Commission that is considered filed under the
Exchange Act; provided, further, that the obligation of the Company under this subsection (n) shall be deferred during any Suspension Period and shall recommence upon the termination of such Suspension Period; and provided,
further, that the obligation of the Company under this subsection (n) shall be deferred until such time as the Company executes and delivers a Terms Agreement or Forward Placement Notice or such time as an Authorized Representative
instructs any Manager to make a sale of Issuance Shares under this Agreement. 

(o) Unless the Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward
Sellers agree otherwise, to furnish or cause to be furnished forthwith to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers in connection with each Bring-Down Delivery Date (and upon recommencement of the offering of the Shares under this
Agreement following a Suspension Period), (i) a written opinion and negative assurance letter of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, counsel to the Company (together with any other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Managers, the Forward
Purchasers and the Forward Sellers Company Counsel), each dated as of the applicable Bring-Down Delivery Date and delivered within one Trading Day after such Bring-Down Delivery Date (or, in the case of a Bring-Down Delivery Date
resulting from a sale of Issuance Shares directly to any Manager as principal, delivered on such Settlement Date), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers of the same tenor as the
opinion and negative assurance letter referred to in Section 6(c) of this Agreement, but modified as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to the time of delivery of such opinion and
negative assurance letter, and (ii) a written opinion of either W. Eric Marr, Esq., Senior Counsel, or such other counsel for the Company as may be acceptable to you (In-House Counsel),
dated as of such Bring-Down Delivery Date and delivered within one Trading Day after such Bring-Down Delivery Date (or, in the case of a Bring-Down Delivery Date resulting from a sale of Issuance Shares directly to any Manager as principal,
delivered on such Settlement Date), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers of the same tenor as the opinion referred to in Section 6(d) of this Agreement, but modified as
necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to the time of delivery of such opinion; provided, however, that in lieu of such opinions and negative assurance letters for subsequent
Bring-Down Delivery Dates, Company Counsel and In-House Counsel may furnish the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers with a letter to the effect that the Managers, the Forward Purchasers
and the Forward Sellers may rely on a prior opinion delivered under this Section 4(o) to the same extent as if it were dated the date of such letter (except that statements in such prior opinion shall be deemed to relate to the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented at such Bring-Down Delivery Date); provided further that the obligation of the Company under this subsection (o) shall be deferred during any Suspension Period and shall recommence
upon the termination of such Suspension Period; and provided, further that the obligation of the Company under this subsection (o) shall be deferred until such time as the Company executes and delivers a Terms Agreement or Forward
Placement Notice or such time as an Authorized Representative instructs any Manager to make a sale of Issuance Shares under this Agreement. 

16 

(p) In connection with each Bring-Down Delivery Date (and upon recommencement of the
offering of the Shares under this Agreement following a Suspension Period), unless the Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers agree otherwise, Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP, or other counsel to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the
Forward Sellers shall deliver a written opinion and negative assurance letter, dated as of such Bring-Down Delivery Date and delivered within one Trading Day after such Bring-Down Delivery Date (or, in the case of a Bring-Down Delivery Date
resulting from a sale of Issuance Shares directly to any Manager as principal, delivered on such Settlement Date), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers; provided that
the obligation under this subsection (p) shall be deferred during any Suspension Period and shall recommence upon the termination of such Suspension Period; and provided, further, that the obligation of the Company under this subsection
(p) shall be deferred until such time as the Company executes and delivers a Terms Agreement or Forward Placement Notice or such time as an Authorized Representative instructs any Manager to make a sale of Issuance Shares under this Agreement.

(q) In connection with each Bring Down Delivery Date (and upon recommencement of the offering of the Shares under this Agreement
following a Suspension Period), unless the Managers agree otherwise, to cause the Accountants (or other independent accountants of the Company reasonably satisfactory to the Managers) and any other applicable accounting firm reasonably requested by
the Managers, forthwith to furnish to the Managers, a letter (Comfort Letter), dated as of the Bring-Down Delivery Date and delivered within one Trading Day after such Bring-Down Delivery Date (or, in the case of a Bring-Down
Delivery Date resulting from a sale of Issuance Shares directly to any Manager as principal, delivered on such Settlement Date), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Managers, of the same tenor as the letters referred to in
Section 6(e) of this Agreement but modified to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letter; provided that the obligation of the Company under this subsection
(q) shall be deferred during any Suspension Period and shall recommence upon the termination of such Suspension Period; and provided, further, that the obligation of the Company under this subsection (q) shall be deferred until such
time as the Company executes and delivers a Terms Agreement or Forward Placement Notice or such time as an Authorized Representative instructs any Manager to make a sale of Issuance Shares under this Agreement. 

(r) That the Company acknowledges that each of the Managers, Forward Purchasers, and Forward Sellers may trade in Common Stock for such
Manager, Forward Purchaser, or Forward Sellers own account and for the account of its clients at the same time as sales of the Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement. 

(s) If, to the knowledge of the Company, any condition set forth in Section 6(a) or 6(h) hereof shall not have been satisfied on the
applicable Settlement Date, to offer to any person who has agreed to purchase the Shares from the Company (in the case of Issuance Shares) or the Forward Seller (in the case of Forward Hedge Shares) as the result of an offer to purchase solicited by
any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller the right to refuse to purchase and pay for such Shares. 

(t) To disclose in its
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in its annual report on Form 10-K the number of the Shares sold through or to the Managers and by the Forward Sellers under this
Agreement and the Net Proceeds to the Company in the case of any Issuance Shares sold under this Agreement, in each case, during the period covered by the report. 

(u) At each Bring-Down Delivery Date and as reasonably requested, to conduct a due diligence session, in form and substance satisfactory to
the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, which shall include representatives of the management and the Accountants of the Company; provided that the obligation of the Company under this subsection (u) shall be
deferred during any Suspension Period and shall recommence upon the termination of such Suspension Period; and provided, further, that the obligation of the Company under this subsection (u) shall be deferred until such time as
the Company executes and delivers a Terms Agreement or Forward Placement Notice or such time as an Authorized Representative instructs any Manager to make a sale of Issuance Shares under this Agreement. 

17 

(v) To ensure that prior to instructing any Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller to
sell Shares, the Company shall have obtained all necessary corporate authorizations for the offer and sale of such Shares. 

(w) If,
immediately prior to the third anniversary of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, any of the Shares remain unsold hereunder, the Company will, prior to such third anniversary, file a new prospectus supplement (the New
Prospectus Supplement) relating to the Shares to its subsequent registration statement on Form S-3 (the Subsequent Registration Statement), and will take all other reasonable
actions necessary or appropriate to permit the offering and sale of the Shares to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to such Shares and this Agreement. Upon filing of the New Prospectus Supplement, except where
the context otherwise requires, references herein to the Registration Statement shall be deemed to refer to the Subsequent Registration Statement, and references herein to the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to
the New Prospectus Supplement. 

SECTION 5. Payment of Expenses. Except as otherwise agreed in writing among the Company and
the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, the Company agrees with the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is
terminated, to pay all of the Companys expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including, but not limited to, such costs, expenses, fees and taxes in connection with (i) the preparation and filing of the
Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and furnishing of copies of each such document to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward
Sellers, (including costs of mailing and shipment), (ii) the registration, issue, sale and delivery of the Shares (including any stock or transfer taxes and stamp or similar duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of any Issuance Shares
but excluding any stock or transfer taxes and stamp or similar duties payable upon the sale or delivery of any Forward Hedge Shares), (iii) the producing, word processing and/or printing of this Agreement, any Powers of Attorney and any closing
documents (including compilations thereof) and the reproduction and/or printing and furnishing of copies of each such document to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, (including costs of mailing and shipment), (iv) the
listing of the Shares on the NYSE, and (v) the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Companys counsel and of the Companys Accountants. The Company further agrees with the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers,
whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, to pay all reasonable and documented fees, costs and expenses of external counsel to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers
in connection with this Agreement and ongoing services in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder (other than with respect to any transaction pursuant to a Terms Agreement, which shall specify the allocation of responsibility for
such fees and expenses of counsel to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers) in an aggregate amount not to exceed $250,000. Each Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller will otherwise pay all of its out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with entering into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
travel, reproduction, printing and similar expenses. 

SECTION 6. Conditions of the Managers, the Forward
Purchasers and the Forward Sellers Obligations. The obligations of each Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller hereunder are subject to (i) the accuracy of the representations and warranties of
the Company as of the Execution Time and each Representation Date, (ii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and (iii) to the following additional conditions precedent. 

(a) (i) No stop order with respect to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the Act or proceedings
initiated under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Act, and no order directed at or in relation to any document incorporated by reference therein and no order preventing or suspending the use of the Prospectus shall have been issued by the Commission,
and no suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offer or sale in any jurisdiction, or to the knowledge of the Company or any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller no initiation or threatening in writing of any proceedings for any of
such purposes or pursuant to Section 8A of the Act, shall have occurred; (ii) the Registration Statement and all amendments thereto shall not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (iii) none of the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus, and no amendment or supplement thereto, shall include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; and (iv) no Prospectus and no amendment or supplement thereto, shall include an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. 

18 

(b) Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration
Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus, there shall not have occurred any material adverse change not contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus as of such date, the effect of which in the reasonable
judgment of the Managers, Forward Purchaser and Forward Sellers makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Shares on the applicable Settlement Date on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this
Agreement, any Terms Agreement, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

(c) On every date specified in
Section 4(o) hereof, the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, shall have received an opinion and negative assurance letter of Company Counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and
the Forward Sellers, dated as of such date. 

(d) On every date specified in Section 4(o) hereof, the Managers, the Forward Purchasers
and the Forward Sellers shall have received an opinion of In-House Counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, dated as of such date. 

(e) On every date specified in Section 4(q) hereof, the Managers shall have received from the Accountants and each other accounting firm
reasonably requested by the Managers, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Managers, a Comfort Letter, dated as of such date. 

(f) On every date specified in Section 4(n) hereof, the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, shall have received a
certificate to the effect that (i) the representations and warranties of the Company as set forth in this Agreement are true and correct as of the Bring-Down Delivery Date, (ii) the Company has performed its obligations under this
Agreement that it is required to perform on or prior to such Bring-Down Delivery Date, and (iii) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 6 hereof have been met. The certificate shall also state that the Shares
have been duly and validly authorized by the Company, that all corporate action required to be taken for the issuance and sale of the Issuance Shares has been validly and sufficiently taken, and that the Companys Board of Directors or any
other body with authority has not revoked, rescinded or otherwise modified or withdrawn such authorization. 

(g) On every date specified
in Section 4(p) hereof, the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, shall have received an opinion and negative assurance letter of Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP, or other counsel to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the
Forward Sellers, in form and substance satisfactory to the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers, dated as of such date. 

(h) All filings with the Commission required by Rule 424 under the Act to have been filed by any Settlement Date shall have been made within
the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424. 

(i) On or prior to the date an Authorized Representative instructs a
Manager to make sales of Issuance Shares, such Issuance Shares shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE, subject only to notice of issuance, if applicable. 

SECTION 7. Indemnification and Contribution. 

(a) The Company agrees that it will indemnify and hold harmless each Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller and the officers,
directors, partners, members, employees, agents and affiliates of each Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller and each person, if any, who controls any Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller within the meaning of Section 15 of the
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each an indemnified party), from and against any loss, claim, damage liability or expense (including, without limitation, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection
with defending or investigating any such action or claim, as such expenses are incurred) to which, jointly or severally, any indemnified party may become subject, under the Act or otherwise, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense
(or actions in respect thereof) arises out of or is based upon 

19 

any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or that arises out of or is based upon the
omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any
material fact contained in the Prospectus or any free writing prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Act, or any amendment or supplement to any thereof, or arises out of or is based upon the
omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and, except as hereinafter in this Section 7; provided, the Company agrees to reimburse
each indemnified party for any reasonable legal or other expenses as incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, expense, claim, damage or liability; provided, however, that the Company shall not
be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, expense, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based on an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in any such document in reliance upon,
and in conformity with, written information furnished to the Company by a Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller expressly for use in any such document. The Company acknowledges that the Managers or the Forward Sellers, as
applicable, name on the cover of the Prospectus Supplement constitutes the only information furnished in writing by or on behalf of any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller for inclusion in any of the Registration Statement, the Base
Prospectus, the Prospectus, a road show, or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. 

(b) Each Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward
Seller, severally and not jointly, agrees that it will indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its officers and directors, and each of them, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act, from
and against any loss, claim, damage liability or expense (including, without limitation, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with defending or investigating any such action or claim, as such expenses are incurred) to which
it or they may become subject, under the Act or otherwise, insofar as such loss, expense, claim, damage or liability (or actions in respect thereof) arises out of or is based on any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact
contained in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus, any free writing prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant Rule 433(d) under the Act, or any amendment or supplement to any thereof, or
arises out of or is based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that
such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in any such documents in reliance upon, and in conformity with, written information furnished to the Company by a Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller
expressly for use in any such document (the only such information being Managers or the Forward Sellers, as applicable, name on the cover of the Prospectus Supplement); and, except as hereinafter in this Section 7 provided, each
Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller agrees to reimburse the Company and its officers and directors, and each of them, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act, for any reasonable
legal or other expenses incurred by it or them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, expense, claim, damage or liability. 

(c) Upon receipt of notice of the commencement of any action against any person in respect of which indemnification may be sought pursuant to
either Section 7(a) or 7(b) above, an indemnified party shall, with reasonable promptness, notify the person against whom such indemnification may be sought (the indemnifying party) in writing of the commencement thereof; but
the omission so to notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have to the indemnified party otherwise than under Section 7(a) or 7(b) of this Section 7. If any such action shall be brought against any
indemnified party and it shall notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof: (i) in the case of a civil proceeding (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any governmental, regulatory or
non-civil proceeding), the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate in such civil proceeding and, to the extent that it shall wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to
assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party and shall pay the fees and expenses of such counsel related to such civil proceeding, and, after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party
of its election to assume the defense of such civil proceeding, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to such indemnified party under such subsection for any legal expenses of other counsel or any other expenses, in each case, subsequently
incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof, other than reasonable costs of investigation; and (ii) in case any governmental, regulatory or non-civil proceeding, upon request
of the indemnified party, the indemnifying party shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party and any others the indemnifying party may designate in such governmental, regulatory or non-civil

20 

proceeding and shall pay the fees and disbursements of such counsel related to such governmental, regulatory or non-civil proceeding. In the event that any
indemnifying party elects to assume the defense of any such action and retain such counsel, the indemnified party shall bear the fees and expenses of any additional counsel retained by it unless (i) the indemnifying party and the indemnified
party shall have mutually agreed to the contrary; (ii) the indemnifying party has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; (iii) the indemnified party shall have reasonably
concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party; or (iv) the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the
indemnifying party and the indemnified party and the representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in
respect of the legal expenses of any indemnified party in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for all
such indemnified parties and that all such fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred. Such firm shall be designated in writing by the Representatives, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 7(a), and by the
Company, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 7(b). No indemnifying party shall be liable in the event of any settlement of any such action effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be
a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party from and against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Each indemnified party agrees promptly to
notify each indemnifying party of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against it in connection with the issue and sale of the Shares or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus. 

(d) If the indemnification provided for in this Section 7 is unavailable to an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) of this
Section 7 or insufficient to hold an indemnified party harmless in respect of any losses, damages, expenses, liabilities or claims referred to therein, then the relevant indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such
indemnified party as a result of such losses, damages, expenses, liabilities or claims (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the relevant Manager, Forward
Purchaser or Forward Seller on the other hand, from the offering of the Shares or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative
benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and of such Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller, on the other, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such
losses, damages, expenses, liabilities or claims, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, the Managers, the Forward Purchasers and the Forward Sellers shall be deemed to be in the same
respective proportions as (a) in the case of the Company, the sum of (x) the Actual Sold Forward Amount for the relevant Forward under this Agreement, multiplied by the Volume-Weighted Hedge Price (as defined in the Master
Forward Confirmation) for such Forward, and (y) the aggregate Sales Price for the relevant Issuance Shares sold by the Managers under this Agreement, (b) in the case of a Manager, the total commissions received from the sale of such
Issuance Shares under this Agreement, (c) in the case of a Forward Seller, the Actual Sold Forward Amount for such Forward under this Agreement, multiplied by the Forward Hedge Selling Commission for such Forward, and (d) in the case of a
Forward Purchaser, the net Spread (as such term is defined in the relevant Forward Contract and net of any related stock borrow costs or other costs or expenses actually incurred) multiplied by the Forward Hedge Amount for such Forward
Contract executed in connection with this Agreement. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and of the relevant Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller, on the other, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether
the untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission relates to information supplied by the Company or by such Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller and the parties relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, damages, expenses, liabilities and claims referred to in this subsection
(d) shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending any Proceeding. For the avoidance of doubt, any obligations of the Managers,
Forward Purchasers or Forward Sellers under this Section 7(d) shall be several, and not joint. 

(e) The Company and each Manager,
Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the
equitable considerations referred to in subsection (c) above. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, (i) no Manager shall be required to contribute any amount in excess 

21 

of the amount by which the total price at which the Issuance Shares sold by it were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages that such Manager has otherwise been required to pay,
(ii) no Forward Seller shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the aggregate Forward Hedge Selling Commissions received by it under this Agreement and (iii) no Forward Purchaser shall be required to contribute any amount in
excess of the net Spread (as such term is defined in the relevant Forward Contract and net of any related stock borrow costs or other costs or expenses actually incurred) multiplied by the Forward Hedge Amount for all Forward Contracts
executed in connection with this Agreement. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. 

(f) No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or
consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever in respect of which indemnification or contribution could be
sought under this Section 7 (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party and all liability
arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim, and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or the failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

SECTION 8. Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in
Section 7 hereof and the covenants, warranties and representations of the Company contained in this Agreement or in certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller, each of its respective employees, agents, directors or officers, any person (including each employee, agent, officer or director of such person) who controls such Manager, Forward Purchaser
or Forward Seller within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, any affiliate (within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Act) of such Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller that has, or is
alleged to have, participated in the distribution of Shares or the successors and assigns of the foregoing, or by or on behalf of the Company, their directors or officers or any person who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15
of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, and shall survive any termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Shares. 

SECTION 9. Termination. 

(a) The Company shall have the right, by giving written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at
any time. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that (i) with respect to any pending sale, through any Manager (in the case of Issuance Shares) for the Company or by any Forward Seller (in the
case of Forward Hedge Shares), the obligations of the Company, including in respect of compensation of such Manager, shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the termination and (ii) the provisions of Sections 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12,
17 and 19 hereof and the terms of any Terms Agreement shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. 

(b) Each
Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller shall, as to itself, have the right, by giving written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate its own obligations under this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time; provided, however,
that this Agreement and the obligations hereunder will remain in full force and effect with respect to the Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers that have not so terminated their obligations. Any such termination shall be without
liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, 17 and 19 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. 

(c) This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Sections 9(a) or (b) above or otherwise by mutual
agreement of the parties; provided that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be deemed to provide that Sections 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, 17 and 19 hereof shall remain in full force and effect. 

(d) Any termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided that such termination
shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by each other party hereto. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of the Shares, such sale shall settle in accordance with
the provisions of Section 3(e) hereof or Section 3(f) hereof, as the case may be. 

22 

(e) Unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 9, this Agreement shall
automatically terminate upon the issuance and sale of all of the Shares through any Manager or by any Forward Seller on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, except that Sections 3(b)(iii), 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, 17 and 19 and
shall remain in full force and effect. 

SECTION 10. Notices. Except as otherwise herein provided, all statements, requests,
notices and agreements under this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered by hand, overnight courier, mail or facsimile and, if to the Managers, Forward Purchasers, or Forward Sellers, shall be delivered or sent to, as applicable, 

(a) 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

745 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New
York 10019 

Attention: Syndicate Registration 

Facsimile: (646) 834-8133

(b) 

Barclays Bank PLC 

c/o Barclays Capital Inc. 

745
Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

Attention: Kevin Cheng 

Telephone: (212) 526-8627

Email: kevin.cheng@barclays.com 

(c) 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

One Bryant Park 

New York, New
York 10036 

Attention: ATM Execution 

Email: dg.atm_execution@bofa.com 

with a copy to 

Facsimile: (212) 230-8730

Attention: ECM Legal 

(d) 

Bank of America, N.A. 

Bank of America Tower at One Bryant Park, 8th Fl. 

New York, New York 10036 

Attention: Strategic Equity Solutions Group 

Telephone: (646) 855-6770

Email: dg.issuer_derivatives_notices@bofa.com 

(e) 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

200 West Street 

New York, New
York 10282 

Attention: Registration Department 

Telephone: (866) 471-2526

Email: registration-syndops@ny.email.gs.com 

(f) 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

200 West Street 

New York, New
York 10282 

Attention: Registration Department 

Telephone: (866) 471-2526

Email: registration-syndops@ny.email.gs.com 

23 

(g) 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New
York 10179 

Facsimile: (212) 622-8783

Attention: Sanjeet Dewal 

Facsimile: (212) 622-8783

Email: sanjeet.s.dewal@jpmorgan.com 

(h) 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association 

383 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor 

New York, New York 10179 

EDG
Marketing Support 

Email: edg_notices@jpmorgan.com, edg_ny_corporate_sales_support@jpmorgan.com 

With a copy to: 

Attention:
Sanjeet Dewal 

Email: sanjeet.s.dewal@jpmorgan.com 

(i) 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New
York, New York 10020 

Attention: Equity Capital Markets Desk 

Email: US-ECM@mizuhogroup.com

(j) 

Mizuho Markets Americas LLC 

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New
York, New York 10020 

with a copy to 

Legal Department, Email: swapslegal@mizuhogroup.com 

(k) 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 

1585 Broadway, 6th Floor 

New York, New York 10036 

Attention: Joel Carter, Scott Finz 

with a copy to the Legal Department 

(l) 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 

1585 Broadway, 6th Floor 

New York, New York 10036 

Attention: Joel Carter; Scott Finz 

Email: equitysolutions_notices@morganstanley.com; Anthony.Cicia@morganstanley.com; 

Eric.D.Wang@morganstanley.com 

(m) 

MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 

1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor 

New York, New York 10020 

Attention: Capital Markets 

Facsimile: (646) 434-3455

Email: FLOEStransactions@us.sc.mufg.jp; ECM@us.sc.mufg.jp 

(n) 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 

Brookfield Place 

200 Vesey
Street 

New York, New York 10281 

United States of America 

Telephone: (212) 905-5846

Email: tj.opladen@rbccm.com 

Attention: TJ Opladen 

24 

(o) 

Royal Bank of Canada 

Brookfield Place 

200 Vesey
Street, 8th Floor 

New York, New York 10281 

Telephone: (212) 905-5846

Email: tj.opladen@rbccm.com 

Attention: TJ Opladen 

(p) 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 

250 Vesey Street, 24th Floor 

New York, New York 10281 

Attention: Equity Capital Markets 

Copies to: Chief Legal Officer, U.S. 

Facsimile: (212) 225-6563

Email: us.ecm@scotiabank.com; us.legal@scotiabank.com 

(r) 

The Bank of Nova Scotia 

44 King Street West 

Central Mail
Room 

Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 1H1 

c/o Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 

250 Vesey Street, 24th Floor 

New
York, New York 10281 

Attention: US Equity Derivatives 

Email: bahar.lorenzo@scotiabank.com; john.kelly@scotiabank.com 

Phone: 212-225-5230;212-225-6664

with a copy to: GWO - OTC Confirmations 

Email: BNSEquityConfirmations@scotiabank.com 

(s) 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

500 West 33rd Street 

New York,
New York 10001 

Attention: Equity Syndicate Department and Special Equities Desk 

Facsimile: (212) 214-5918

(t) 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

500 West 33rd Street 

New York,
New York 10001 

Attention: Structuring Services Group 

Facsimile: (212) 214-5913

with a copy to corporatederivativenotifications@wellsfargo.com 

With a copy to: 

Hunton Andrews
Kurth LLP 

200 Park Avenue 

New York, New York 10166 

Attention: Peter K. OBrien 

Email: pobrien@hunton.com 

and, if sent to the
Company, shall be telefaxed to the Chief Legal Officer, (650) 598-6913, and confirmed to it at 645 Hamilton Street, Allentown, Pennsylvania 18101 (facsimile: 610-774-5151), Attn: Treasurer. Each party to this Agreement may change such address for notices by sending to the parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose. 

25 

SECTION 11. Parties at Interest. The Agreement herein set forth has been and is
made solely for the benefit of the Company, the Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers and, to the extent provided in Section 7 hereof, the other indemnified parties referred to in such section, and their respective successors,
assigns, heirs, personal representatives and executors and administrators. No other person, partnership, association or corporation (including a purchaser, as such purchaser, through or from any Manager or Forward Seller) shall acquire or have any
right under or by virtue of this Agreement. 

SECTION 12. No Fiduciary Relationship. The Company hereby acknowledges that
(x) each Manager is acting solely as sales agent and/or principal in connection with the purchase and sale of the Issuance Shares, (y) each Forward Seller is acting only as forward seller and agent for its affiliated Forward Purchaser in
connection with the offer and sale of any Forward Hedge Shares and (z) each Forward Purchaser is acting solely as counterparty under the relevant Forward Contract. The Company further acknowledges that each Manager, Forward Purchaser and
Forward Seller is acting pursuant to a contractual relationship created solely by this Agreement or the Forward Contract, as the case may be, entered into on an arms length basis, and, in no event, do the parties intend that any Manager,
Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company or its management, shareholders or creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller may
undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of the purchase and sale of the Companys securities, either before or after the date hereof. Each Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller hereby expressly disclaims any fiduciary or similar
obligations to the Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company and
each Manager, Forward Purchaser and Forward Seller agrees that the Company is responsible for making its own independent judgments with respect to any such transactions and that any opinions or views expressed by any Manager, Forward Purchaser or
Forward Seller to the Company regarding such transactions, including, but not limited to, any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Companys securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to or solicitation of
any action by any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller with respect to the Company or any other entity or natural person. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have
against any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to
such transactions. 

SECTION 13. Press Releases and Disclosure. The Company may issue a press release in compliance with Rule
134 under the Act describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby as soon as practicable following the date hereof and may file with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K describing
the material terms of the transaction contemplated hereby, and the Company shall consult with the Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers prior to making such disclosures, and the parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts, acting in
good faith, to agree upon the text of such disclosure that is reasonably satisfactory to all parties. 

SECTION 14. Adjustments for
Stock Splits. The parties acknowledge and agree that all share-related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted to take into account any stock split effected with respect to the Shares. 

SECTION 15. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any Terms Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes
all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. 

SECTION 16. Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed by the parties in one or more counterparts which together shall constitute
one and the same agreement among the parties. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including via www.docusign.com and any other electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

SECTION 17. Law; Construction. This Agreement and any claim, counterclaim or dispute of any kind or nature whatsoever arising
out of or in any way relating to this Agreement, directly or indirectly, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York. 

26 

SECTION 18. Headings. The Section headings in this Agreement have been inserted
as a matter of convenience of reference and are not a part of this Agreement. 

SECTION 19. Submission to Jurisdiction. Except
as set forth below, no claim, proceeding, counterclaim or other action related to or arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (each, a Claim) may be commenced, prosecuted or continued in any court
other than the courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York, Borough of Manhattan, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, which courts shall have jurisdiction over the adjudication
of such matters, and the Company consents to the jurisdiction of such courts and personal service with respect thereto. The Company hereby consents to personal jurisdiction, service and venue in any court in which any Claim is brought by any third
party against any Manager, Forward Purchaser, Forward Seller or any indemnified party. Each of the Managers, Forward Purchasers, Forward Sellers and the Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its
shareholders and affiliates) waives all right to trial by jury in any Claim (whether based upon contract, tort or otherwise). The Company agrees that a final judgment in any Claim brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the
Company and may be enforced in any other courts to the jurisdiction of which the Company is or may be subject, by suit upon such judgment. 

SECTION 20. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and each Manager, Forward Purchaser and
Forward Seller and their respective successors and assigns and any successor or assign of all or substantially all of the Companys or such Managers respective businesses and/or assets. 

SECTION 21. Miscellaneous. Securities sold, offered or recommended by any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller are not
deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, are not guaranteed by a branch or agency, and are not otherwise an obligation or responsibility of a branch or agency. Lending affiliates of any Manager, Forward Purchaser and
Forward Seller have or may in the future have lending relationships with issuers of securities underwritten or privately placed by such Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller. Prospectuses and other disclosure documents for securities
underwritten or privately placed by any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller may disclose the existence of any such lending relationships and whether the proceeds of the issue may be used to repay debts owed to affiliates of such Manager,
Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller. 

SECTION 22. Compliance with USA Patriot Act. In accordance with the requirements of the
USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107- 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers are required to obtain, verify and record information that
identifies their respective clients, including the Company, which information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers to properly
identify their respective clients. 

SECTION 23. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. 

(i) In the event that any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S.
Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective
under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(ii) In the event that any Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller that is a Covered Entity or any BHC Act Affiliate of such Manager,
Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Manager, Forward Purchaser or Forward Seller are permitted to be
exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

27 

As used in this Section 23: 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance
with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b);
or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

28 

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Company and the
Managers, Forward Purchasers and Forward Sellers please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this Agreement and your acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement between the Company and the Managers, Forward
Purchasers and Forward Sellers. 

Very truly yours,

PPL CORPORATION

By: /s/ Tadd J. Henninger

Name: Tadd J. Henninger

Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer

ACCEPTED as of the date first above written 

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

As Manager,

By: /s/ Robert Stowe

Name: Robert Stowe

Title: Managing Director

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

As Forward Seller,

By: /s/ Robert Stowe

Name: Robert Stowe

Title: Managing Director

BARCLAYS BANK PLC

As Forward Purchaser,

By: /s/ Kevin Cheng

Name: Kevin Cheng

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page 
Equity Distribution Agreement] 

ACCEPTED as of the date first above written 

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

As Manager,

By: /s/ Marly G. Smith

Name: Marly G. Smith

Title: Managing Director

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

As Forward Seller,

By: /s/ Marly G. Smith

Name: Marly G. Smith

Title: Managing Director

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.

As Forward Purchaser,

By: /s/ Christine Roemer

Name: Christine Roemer

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page 
Equity Distribution Agreement] 

ACCEPTED as of the date first above written 

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

As Manager,

By: /s/ Ryan Cunn

Name: Ryan Cunn

Title: Managing Director

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

As Forward Seller,

By: /s/ Michael Voris

Name: Michael Voris

Title: Partner

GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC

As Forward Purchaser,

By: /s/ Michael Voris

Name: Michael Voris

Title: Partner

[Signature Page 
Equity Distribution Agreement] 

ACCEPTED as of the date first above written 

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

As Manager,

By: /s/ Sanjeet Dewal

Name: Sanjeet Dewal

Title: Managing Director

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

As Forward Seller,

By: /s/ Sanjeet Dewal

Name: Sanjeet Dewal

Title: Managing Director

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

As Forward Purchaser,

By: /s/ Sanjeet Dewal

Name: Sanjeet Dewal

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page 
Equity Distribution Agreement] 

ACCEPTED as of the date first above written 

MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC

As Manager,

By: /s/ James Watts

Name: James Watts

Title: Managing Director

MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC

As Forward Seller,

By: /s/ James Watts

Name: James Watts

Title: Managing Director

MIZUHO MARKETS AMERICAS LLC

As Forward Purchaser,

By: /s/ Adam Hopkins

Name: Adam Hopkins

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page 
Equity Distribution Agreement] 

ACCEPTED as of the date first above written 

MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC

As Manager,

By: /s/ Mauricio Dominguez

Name: Mauricio Dominguez

Title: Vice President

MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC

As Forward Seller,

By: /s/ Scott Finz

Name: Scott Finz

Title: Executive Director

MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC

As Forward Purchaser,

By: /s/ Mark Asteris

Name: Mark Asteris

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page 
Equity Distribution Agreement] 

ACCEPTED as of the date first above written 

MUFG SECURITIES AMERICAS INC.

As Manager,

By: /s/ Geoffrey Paul

Name: Geoffrey Paul

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page 
Equity Distribution Agreement] 

ACCEPTED as of the date first above written 

RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC

As Manager,

By: /s/ Young Kim

Name: Young Kim

Title: Managing Director

RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC

As Forward Seller,

By: /s/ Young Kim

Name: Young Kim

Title: Managing Director

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA

As Forward Purchaser,

By: /s/ Brian Ward

Name: Brian Ward

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page 
Equity Distribution Agreement] 

ACCEPTED as of the date first above written 

SCOTIA CAPITAL (USA) INC.

As Manager,

By: /s/ John Cronin

Name: John Cronin

Title: Managing Director

SCOTIA CAPITAL (USA) INC.

As Forward Seller,

By: /s/ John Cronin

Name: John Cronin

Title: Managing Director

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA

As Forward Purchaser,

By: /s/ Kshamta Kaushik

Name: Kshamta Kaushik

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page 
Equity Distribution Agreement] 

ACCEPTED as of the date first above written 

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

As Manager,

By: /s/ Michael Tiedemann

Name: Michael Tiedemann

Title: Managing Director

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

As Forward Seller,

By: /s/ Michael Tiedemann

Name: Michael Tiedemann

Title: Managing Director

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

As Forward Purchaser,

By: /s/ Kevin Brillhart

Name: Kevin Brillhart

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page 
Equity Distribution Agreement] 

Schedule A 

Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses 

None. 

Sch. A-1 

Schedule B 

Authorized Representatives 

Tadd J.
Henninger 

Julissa Burgos 

Sch. B-1 

Exhibit 3(a)(i) 

From: []

Cc: []

To: []

Subject: At-the-Market Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Pursuant
to the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Equity Distribution Agreement among PPL Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation (the Company); Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Managers; Barclays Bank PLC, Bank
of America, N.A., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Forward Purchasers; and Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.
and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Forward Sellers, dated February [], 2025 (the Agreement), I hereby request on behalf of the Company that [] sell up to [] shares of the Companys common stock, par value
$0.01 (the Shares) at a minimum market price of $[] per Share between [ ], 20[ ] and [ ], 20[ ]. [There shall be no limitation on the number of Shares that may be sold on any one (1) day.][No
more than [] Shares may be sold on any one (1) day.] [Other sales parameters] 

Very truly yours,

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit A

FORM OF FORWARD PLACEMENT NOTICE 

[Date] 

[Forward Purchaser] 

[Address] 

Attention: [] 

[Forward Seller] 

[Address] 

Attention: [] 

Reference is made to the
Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of February [], 2025 (the Sales Agreement), among PPL Corporation (the Company); Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs &
Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Managers; Barclays Bank PLC,
Bank of America, N.A., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as Forward Purchasers; and Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia
Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Forward Sellers. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Sales Agreement. This Forward Placement Notice relates to a
Forward. The Company confirms that all conditions to the delivery of this Forward Placement Notice are satisfied as of the date hereof. 

The Company confirms that it has not declared and will not declare any dividend, or caused or cause there to be any distribution, on the
Common Stock if the ex-dividend date or ex-date, as applicable, for such dividend or distribution will occur during the period from, but excluding, the first scheduled
Trading Day of the related Forward Hedge Selling Period to, and including, the last scheduled Trading Day of such Forward Hedge Selling Period. 

Number of
Scheduled Trading Days in Forward Hedge Selling Period: 

First Date of Forward Hedge Selling Period: 

Last Date of Forward Hedge Selling Period: 

Forward Hedge
Amount: $ 

Forward Hedge Selling Commission Rate: % 

Spread: % 

Forward Price Reduction Dates Forward Price Reduction Amounts 

[Trade Date] $ 

[ ] $ 

[ ] $ 

[ ] $ 

Term: [Month/Years] 

Specified Borrow Rate: basis points 

Maximum Specified Borrow Rate: basis points 

Notice Settlement
Number: 

Minimum price: $ per share 

Exh. A-1 

Comments: 

PPL CORPORATION

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exh. A-2 

FORM OF MASTER FORWARD CONFIRMATION 

February 14, 2025 

To: 

PPL Corporation

645 Hamilton Street

Allentown, Pennsylvania 18101

From: 

[Bank]

[Bank
Address]

The purpose of this letter agreement (this Master Forward Confirmation) is to confirm the terms and
conditions of certain transactions to be entered into from time to time between Party A and Party B in accordance with the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2025, among Party B; Barclays Capital Inc., BofA
Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC, as Managers; Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of America, N.A., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of
Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Forward Purchasers; and Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co.
LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Forward Sellers (the Equity Distribution Agreement), on one or more Trade Dates specified herein (collectively, the
Transactions and each, a Transaction). This letter agreement constitutes a Master Forward Confirmation as referred to in the Equity Distribution Agreement. Each Transaction will be evidenced by a
supplemental confirmation (each, a Supplemental Confirmation, and each such Supplemental Confirmation, together with this Master Forward Confirmation, a Confirmation for purposes of the Agreement specified
below) substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto. 

1. 

The definitions and provisions contained in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions
(the 2021Definitions) and the 2002 ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the 2002Definitions and, together with the 2021 Definitions, the Definitions), each as published by
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), are incorporated into each Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency among the Agreement, this Master Forward Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation, the
2021 Definitions and the 2002 Definitions, the following will prevail in the order of precedence indicated: (i) such Supplemental Confirmation; (ii) this Master Forward Confirmation; (iii) the 2002 Definitions; (iv) the 2021
Definitions; and (v) the Agreement. 

Each Confirmation together with the Agreement shall evidence a complete and
binding agreement between Party A and Party B as to the subject matter and terms of the Transaction to which such Confirmation relates, and shall supersede all prior or contemporaneous written or oral communications with respect thereto. Each
Confirmation shall supplement, form a part of, and be subject to an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (the Agreement) as if Party A and Party B had executed the Agreement in such form on the date hereof (but
without any Schedule except for the election of the laws of the State of New York as the governing law). The parties hereby agree that no transaction other than the Transactions to which this Master Forward Confirmation, together with each
Supplemental Confirmation hereunder, relate shall be governed by the Agreement. For purposes of the 2002 Definitions, each Transaction shall be a Share Forward Transaction. 

Party A and Party B each represents to the other, with respect to each Transaction hereunder, that it has entered into such Transaction in
reliance upon such tax, accounting, regulatory, legal, and financial advice as it deems necessary and not upon any view expressed by the other. 

2. 

The terms of each Transaction to which this Master Forward Confirmation relates are as follows:

General Terms: 

Party A: [Bank]

Party B: PPL Corporation

Trade Date: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be, subject to the provisions under the heading Acceleration Events in Section 3 of this Master Forward Confirmation and
the provisions under the heading Forward Placement Notices in Section 4 of this Master Forward Confirmation, the last Trading Day (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) of the Forward Hedge Selling
Period (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) for such Transaction.

Effective Date: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be the date that is one Settlement Cycle following the Trade Date for such Transaction, or such later date on which the conditions set
forth under Conditions to Effectiveness in Section 3 of this Master Forward Confirmation shall have been satisfied, subject to the provisions under the heading Forward Placement Notices in Section 4 of this Master
Forward Confirmation.

Base Amount: For each Transaction, initially, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be the number of Shares equal to the Actual Sold Forward Amount (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement)
for the Forward Hedge Selling Period for such Transaction. For each Transaction, on each Settlement Date for such Transaction, the Base Amount for such Transaction shall be reduced by the relevant number of Settlement Shares for such Settlement
Date.

Maturity Date: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be the date that follows the Trade Date for such Transaction by the number of months or years set forth in the Forward Placement
Notice (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) for such Transaction, which number of months or years shall in no event be less than one (1) month nor more than twenty-four (24) months (or, if such date is not a Scheduled
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day).

Forward Price: For each Transaction, on the Effective Date for such Transaction, the Initial Forward Price for such Transaction, and on any other day, (1) the Forward Price for such Transaction as of the immediately preceding calendar day
multiplied by (2) the sum of (i) 1 and (ii) the Daily Rate for such Transaction for such day; provided that on each Forward Price Reduction Date, the Forward Price in effect on such date shall be the Forward Price
otherwise in effect on such date, minus the Forward Price Reduction Amount for such Forward Price Reduction Date.

Initial Forward Price: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be the product of (i) an amount equal to 1 minus the Forward Hedge Selling Commission Rate (as defined in the
Equity Distribution Agreement) applicable to such Transaction and (ii) the Volume-Weighted Hedge Price, subject to adjustment as set forth herein.

Volume-Weighted

Hedge Price: For each Transaction, as specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be the volume-weighted average of the Sales Prices (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) per share of Forward
Hedge Shares (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) sold on each Trading Day of the

4 

Forward Hedge Selling Period for such Transaction, as determined by the Calculation Agent; provided that, for the purposes of calculating the Initial Forward Price, each such Sales Price (other than the Sales Price for the
last day of the relevant Forward Hedge Selling Period) shall be subject to adjustment by the Calculation Agent in the same manner as the Forward Price pursuant to the definition thereof during the period from, and including, the date one Settlement
Cycle immediately following the first Trading Day of the relevant Forward Hedge Selling Period during which the Forward Hedge Shares in respect of such Transaction are sold to, and including, the Effective Date of such Transaction.

Daily Rate: For each Transaction and for any day, (i)(A) the Overnight Bank Rate for such day minus (B) the Spread for such Transaction divided by (ii) 365.

Overnight Bank Rate: For any day, the rate set forth for such day opposite the caption Overnight bank funding rate, as such rate is displayed on Bloomberg Screen OBFR01, or any successor page; provided that, if no rate
appears for a particular day on such page, the rate for the first immediately preceding day for which a rate does so appear shall be used for such day.

Spread: For each Transaction, as set forth in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction.

Forward Price

Reduction Dates: For each Transaction, as specified in Schedule I to the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction, to be each date set forth under the heading Forward Price Reduction Dates in the Forward Placement Notice for such
Transaction.

Forward Price

Reduction Amount: For any Transaction, for each Forward Price Reduction Date for such Transaction, the Forward Price Reduction Amount set forth opposite such date on Schedule I to the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction.

Shares: Common stock, USD 0.01 par value per share, of Party B (also referred to herein as the Issuer) (Exchange identifier: PPL).

Exchange: The New York Stock Exchange

Related Exchange(s): All Exchanges.

Clearance System: DTC.

Calculation Agent: Party A. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or to exercise judgment in any way with respect to any Transaction hereunder, it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

Following any determination, adjustment or calculation hereunder by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will upon written request by Party B promptly (and, in any event, within five Exchange Business Days) following such
request, provide to Party B a report (in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data but without disclosing Party As confidential or proprietary models or other information that may be confidential,
proprietary or subject to contractual, legal or regulatory obligations to not disclose such information) displaying in reasonable detail the basis for such determination, adjustment or calculation, as the case may be.

5 

Following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 5(a)(vii) of the Agreement with respect to which Party A is the sole Defaulting Party, Party B shall have the right to designate an
independent, nationally recognized equity derivatives dealer to replace Party A as Calculation Agent, and the parties hereto shall work in good faith to execute any appropriate documentation required by such replacement Calculation Agent.

Settlement Terms: 

Settlement Date: With respect to any Transaction, any Scheduled Trading Day following the Effective Date for such Transaction up to, and including, the Maturity Date for such Transaction, as designated by (a) Party A pursuant to
Termination Settlement below or (b) Party B in a written notice (a Settlement Notice) that satisfies the Settlement Notice Requirements and is delivered to Party A (i) if Physical Settlement applies, prior to
12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding such Settlement Date, which may be the Maturity Date for such Transaction and (ii) if Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement applies, a number of Scheduled
Trading Days at least equal to the Notice Settlement Number (as defined below) for such Transaction prior to such Settlement Date, which may be the Maturity Date for such Transaction; provided that (x) the Maturity Date for such
Transaction shall be a Settlement Date for such Transaction if on such date the Base Amount for such Transaction is greater than zero, (y) if Physical Settlement or Net Share Settlement applies and such Settlement Date specified above
(including a Settlement Date occurring on such Maturity Date) is not a Clearance System Business Day, such Settlement Date shall be the immediately succeeding Clearance System Business Day and (z) if Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement
applies and Party A shall have fully unwound its hedge in respect of such Transaction (or portion thereof, as applicable) during an Unwind Period (as defined below) for such Transaction by a date that is more than one Scheduled Trading Day prior to
such Settlement Date specified above, Party A may, by written notice to Party B, specify any Scheduled Trading Day prior to such originally specified Settlement Date for such Transaction as the Settlement Date for such Transaction. The
Notice Settlement Number for any Transaction shall be a number of Scheduled Trading Days set forth in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction.

Settlement Shares: In respect of any Transaction and with respect to any Settlement Date for such Transaction, a number of Shares, not to exceed the Base Amount for such Transaction, designated as such by Party B in the related Settlement Notice or by
Party A pursuant to Termination Settlement below; provided that, on the Maturity Date for such Transaction, the number of Settlement Shares shall be equal to the Base Amount for such Transaction on such date.

Settlement: In respect of any Transaction, Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement, at the election of Party B as set forth in a Settlement Notice delivered on or after the Effective Date for such Transaction that satisfies
the Settlement Notice Requirements; provided that Physical Settlement shall apply (i) if no Settlement Method is validly selected, (ii) with respect to any Settlement Shares in respect of which Party A is unable, in the Calculation
Agents good faith, commercially reasonable judgment, to unwind Party As hedge in respect of such Transaction (or portion thereof, as applicable) by the end of the Unwind Period for such Transaction in a manner that, in the good faith,
reasonable judgment of the Calculation Agent, is consistent with the requirements for qualifying for the safe harbor provided by Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act or due to the lack of sufficient liquidity in
the Shares on any Exchange Business Day during such Unwind Period or (iii) to any Termination Settlement Date (as defined below under Termination Settlement).

6 

Settlement Notice

Requirements: Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, a Settlement Notice delivered in respect of any Transaction by Party B that specifies Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement will not be effective to establish a Settlement Date for such
Transaction or require Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement unless Party B delivers to Party A with such Settlement Notice a representation signed by Party B substantially in the following form: As of the date of this Settlement Notice,
Party B is not aware of any material nonpublic information concerning itself or the Shares, and is designating the date contained herein as a Settlement Date and is electing Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement, as the case may be, in good faith
and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade compliance with the federal securities laws.

Unwind Period: For any Transaction, each Exchange Business Day that is not a Suspension Day during the period from and including the first Exchange Business Day following the date Party B validly elects Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement in
respect of a Settlement Date for such Transaction through the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding such Settlement Date (or the immediately preceding Exchange Business Day if such Scheduled Trading Day is not an Exchange Business Day),
subject to Termination Settlement below. If any Exchange Business Day during an Unwind Period for any Transaction is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall make commercially reasonable adjustments to the terms of such Transaction
(including, without limitation, the Cash Settlement Amount, the number of Net Share Settlement Shares and the 10b-18 VWAP) to account for the occurrence of such Disrupted Day.

Suspension Day: Any Exchange Business Day on which Party A reasonably determines based on the advice of counsel that Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement may violate applicable securities laws. Party A shall notify Party B if it receives such
advice from its counsel.

Market Disruption

Event: Section 6.3(a)(ii) of the 2002 Definitions is hereby amended by replacing clause (ii) in its entirety with (ii) an Exchange Disruption, or and inserting immediately following clause (iii) the phrase
, in each case, that the Calculation Agent determines is material.

Exchange Act: The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

Physical Settlement: In respect of any Transaction, on any Settlement Date for such Transaction in respect of which Physical Settlement applies, Party B shall deliver to Party A through the Clearance System the Settlement Shares for such Transaction for
such Settlement Date, and Party A shall deliver to Party B, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Party B, an amount in cash equal to the Physical Settlement Amount for such Transaction for such Settlement Date,
on a delivery versus payment basis. If, on any Settlement Date for any Transaction, the Shares to be delivered by Party B to Party A hereunder upon Physical Settlement are not so delivered (the Physical Deferred Shares), and a
Forward Price Reduction Date with respect to such Transaction occurs during the period from, and including, such Settlement Date to, but excluding, the date such Shares are actually delivered to Party A, then the portion of the Physical Settlement
Amount for such Transaction payable by Party A to Party B in respect of the Physical Deferred Shares shall be reduced by an amount equal to (1) the Forward Price Reduction Amount for such Forward Price Reduction Date multiplied by
(2) the number of Physical Deferred Shares.

7 

Physical Settlement

Amount: In respect of any Transaction and for any Settlement Date for such Transaction in respect of which Physical Settlement applies, an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the Forward Price for such Transaction on such
Settlement Date and (ii) the number of Settlement Shares for such Transaction for such Settlement Date.

Cash Settlement: In respect of any Transaction, on any Settlement Date for such Transaction in respect of which Cash Settlement applies, if the Cash Settlement Amount for such Transaction for such Settlement Date is a positive number, Party A will
pay such Cash Settlement Amount to Party B. If the Cash Settlement Amount for such Transaction is a negative number, Party B will pay the absolute value of such Cash Settlement Amount to Party A. Such amounts shall be paid on the relevant Settlement
Date.

Cash Settlement

Amount: In respect of any Transaction and for any Settlement Date for such Transaction in respect of which Cash Settlement applies, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the difference between (1) the product of
(i) (A) the average Forward Price for such Transaction over the period beginning on, and including, the date that is one Settlement Cycle following the first day of the applicable Unwind Period for such Transaction and ending on, and including,
such Settlement Date (calculated assuming no reduction to such Forward Price for any Forward Price Reduction Date that occurs during such Unwind Period, except as set forth in clause (2) below), minus USD 0.01, minus (B) the
average of the 10b-18 VWAP prices per Share on each Exchange Business Day during such Unwind Period and (ii) the number of Settlement Shares for such Transaction for such Settlement Date and
(2) the product of (i) the Forward Price Reduction Amount for any Forward Price Reduction Date that occurs during such Unwind Period and (ii) the number of Settlement Shares for such Transaction with respect to which Party
A has not unwound its hedge as of such Forward Price Reduction Date.

Net Share Settlement: In respect of any Transaction, on any Settlement Date for such Transaction in respect of which Net Share Settlement applies, if the number of Net Share Settlement Shares for such Transaction is a (i) negative number, Party A
shall deliver a number of Shares to Party B equal to the absolute value of such Net Share Settlement Shares, or (ii) positive number, Party B shall deliver to Party A such Net Share Settlement Shares; provided that if Party A determines
in its good faith, commercially reasonable judgment that it would be required to deliver Net Share Settlement Shares to Party B, Party A may elect to deliver a portion of such Net Share Settlement Shares on one or more dates prior to the applicable
Settlement Date. If, on any Settlement Date for any Transaction, the Shares to be delivered by Party B or Party A hereunder upon Net Share Settlement are not so delivered (the Net Share Deferred Shares), and a Forward Price
Reduction Date with respect to such Transaction occurs during the period from, and including, such Settlement Date to, but excluding, the date such Shares are actually delivered to such party, then the portion of the Net Share Settlement Shares for
such Transaction deliverable by Party A or Party B in respect of the Net Share Deferred Shares shall be adjusted by the Calculation Agent to reflect the occurrence of such Forward Price Reduction Amount for such Forward Price Reduction
Date.

8 

Net Share Settlement

Shares: In respect of any Transaction and for any Settlement Date for such Transaction in respect of which Net Share Settlement applies, a number of Shares equal to (a) the number of Settlement Shares for such Settlement Date minus
(b) the number of Shares Party A actually purchases during the Unwind Period for such Transaction in a commercially reasonable manner to unwind a commercially reasonable hedge positionfor a total purchase price (the Net
Share Settlement Purchase Price) equal to the difference between (1) the product of (i) the average Forward Price for such Transaction over the period beginning on, and including, the date that is one Settlement Cycle following
the first day of the applicable Unwind Period for such Transaction and ending on, and including, such Settlement Date (calculated assuming no reduction to such Forward Price for any Forward Price Reduction Date that occurs during such Unwind Period,
except as set forth in clause (2) below), minus USD 0.01, and (ii) the number of Settlement Shares for such Transaction for such Settlement Date and (2) the product of (i) the Forward Price Reduction Amount
for any Forward Price Reduction Date that occurs during such Unwind Period and (ii) the number of Shares with respect to which Party A has not unwound its hedge as of such Forward Price Reduction Date.

10b-18 VWAP: For any Exchange Business Day during an Unwind Period that is not a Suspension Day, the volume-weighted average price at which the Shares trade as reported in the composite transactions for the Exchange on such Exchange Business
Day, excluding (i) trades that do not settle regular way, (ii) opening (regular way) reported trades on the Exchange on such Exchange Business Day, (iii) trades that occur in the last ten minutes before the scheduled close of trading
on the Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and ten minutes before the scheduled close of the primary trading session in the market where the trade is effected and (iv) trades on such Exchange Business Day that do not satisfy the requirements
of Rule 10b-18(b)(3) under the Exchange Act, as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent. Party B acknowledges that Party A may refer to the Bloomberg Page PPL AQR SEC (or any successor
thereto), in its discretion, for such Exchange Business Day to determine the 10b-18 VWAP.

Settlement Currency: USD.

Failure to Deliver: Not Applicable.

Adjustments: 

Method of Adjustment: Calculation Agent Adjustment

Additional Adjustment: If with respect to any Transaction, in the Calculation Agents good faith, commercially reasonable judgment, the stock loan fee to Party A (or an affiliate thereof), excluding the federal funds or other interest rate component
payable by the relevant stock lender to Party A or such affiliate (the Stock Loan Fee), over any one month period, of borrowing a number of Shares equal to the Base Amount for such Transaction to hedge its exposure to such
Transaction exceeds a weighted average rate equal to the Specified Borrow Rate for such Transaction, the Calculation Agent shall reduce the Forward Price for such Transaction in order to compensate Party A for the amount by which such Stock Loan Fee
exceeded a weighted average rate equal to such Specified Borrow Rate during such period. The Calculation Agent shall notify Party B prior to making any such adjustment to such Forward Price and, upon the request of Party B, Party A shall provide an
itemized list of the Stock Loan Fees for the applicable one month period. The Specified Borrow Rate for any Transaction shall be the per annum rate set forth in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction.

9 

Hedging Adjustment: For the avoidance of doubt, whenever the Calculation Agent is called upon to make any determination, calculation or adjustment pursuant to the terms of this Master Forward Confirmation or the 2002 Definitions with respect to any
event, the Calculation Agent shall make such determination, calculation or adjustment by reference to the effect of such event on Party A, assuming that Party A maintains a commercially reasonable Hedge Position.

Account Details: 

Payments to Party A: To be advised under separate cover or telephone confirmed prior to each Settlement Date.

Payments to Party B: To be advised under separate cover or telephone confirmed prior to each Settlement Date.

Delivery of Shares to

Party A: To be advised.

Delivery of Shares to

Party B: To be advised.

Offices: 

The Office of Party A for each Transaction is:

[Party A to Provide].

The Office of Party B for each Transaction is: Inapplicable, Party B is not a Multibranch Party.

3. 

Other Provisions: 

Opinion: 

For each
Transaction, Party B shall deliver to Party A an opinion of counsel, dated as of the Effective Date for such Transaction, with respect to the matters set forth in Section 3(a) of the Agreement (subject to customary exceptions, limitations,
qualifications and assumptions reasonably acceptable to Party A). Delivery of such opinion to Party A shall be a condition precedent for the purpose of Section 2(a)(iii) of the Agreement with respect to each obligation of Party A under
Section 2(a)(i) of the Agreement. 

Conditions to Effectiveness: 

The effectiveness of each Supplemental Confirmation and the related Transaction on the Effective Date for such Transaction shall be subject to
(i) the satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in Section 6 of the Equity Distribution Agreement and (ii) that neither of the following has occurred: (A) Party A (or its affiliate) is unable to borrow and deliver for
sale a number of Shares equal to the Base Amount for such Transaction or (B) in the Calculation Agents good faith, commercially reasonable judgment, Party A (or its affiliate) would incur a Stock Loan Fee of more than the Specified Borrow
Rate for such Transaction to borrow and deliver for sale a number of Shares equal to the Base Amount for such Transaction (in which event such Supplemental Confirmation and the related Transaction shall be effective but the Base Amount for such
Transaction shall be the number of Shares Party A (or an affiliate thereof) is able to borrow at or below such cost). 

10 

Representations and Agreements of Party B: 

Party B (i) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business affairs as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of
entering into any Transaction hereunder; (ii) has consulted with its own legal, financial, accounting and tax advisors in connection with each Transaction hereunder; and (iii) is entering into each Transaction hereunder for a bona fide
business purpose. 

Party B is not and has not been the subject of any civil proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent
jurisdiction that could reasonably be expected to impair materially Party Bs ability to perform its obligations hereunder. 

Party B
will by the next succeeding New York Business Day notify Party A upon obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of any event that would constitute an Event of Default or a Potential Adjustment Event. 

Additional Representations, Warranties and Agreements of Party B: Party B hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with,
Party A as of the date hereof, on each Forward Date (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) for any Transaction hereunder, on each Forward Hedge Settlement Date (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) for
any Transaction hereunder and on each Trade Date for any Transaction hereunder that: 

(a) 

Any Shares, when issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of any Transaction hereunder, will be duly
authorized and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the issuance thereof will not be subject to any preemptive or similar rights. 

(b) 

Party B has reserved and will keep available at all times, free from preemptive rights, out of its authorized
but unissued Shares, solely for the purpose of issuance upon settlement of any Transaction hereunder as herein provided, a number of Shares equal to the Forward Share Number (as defined below) for such Transaction at such time. All Shares so
issuable shall, upon such issuance, be accepted for listing or quotation on the Exchange. For each Transaction hereunder, Party B shall have submitted an application for the listing on the Exchange of a number of Shares equal to the Forward Share
Number for such Transaction as of the Trade Date, and such application and listing shall have been approved by the Exchange, subject only to official notice of issuance, in each case, on or prior to the Effective Date for such Transaction.

(c) 

Party B agrees to provide Party A at least three Exchange Business Days written notice (an
Issuer Repurchase Notice) prior to executing any repurchase of Shares by Party B or any of its subsidiaries (or entering into any contract that would require, or give the option to, Party B or any of its subsidiaries, to purchase
or repurchase Shares), whether out of profits or capital or whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise (an Issuer Repurchase), that alone or in the aggregate would result in the Base Amount
Percentage (as defined below) for all Transactions hereunder being (x) greater than 4.9% and (y) greater by 0.5% or more than the Base Amount Percentage at the time of the immediately preceding Issuer Repurchase Notice (or in the case of
the first such Issuer Repurchase Notice, greater by 0.5% or more than the Base Amount Percentage as of the later of the date hereof or the immediately preceding Settlement Date for a Transaction hereunder, if any). The Base Amount
Percentage as of any day is the fraction (1) the numerator of which is the Base Amount for all Transactions hereunder and (2) the denominator of which is the number of Shares outstanding on such day. 

(d) 

No filing with, or approval, authorization, consent, license, registration, qualification, order or decree of,
any court or governmental authority or agency, domestic or foreign, is necessary or required for the execution, delivery and performance by Party B of this Master Forward Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation and the consummation of the
relevant Transaction (including, without limitation, the issuance and delivery of Shares on any Settlement Date for a Transaction hereunder) except (i) such as have been obtained under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), (ii) as may be required to be obtained under state securities laws and (iii) as required by the rules and regulations of the Exchange. 

11 

(e) 

Party B agrees not to make any Issuer Repurchase if, immediately following such Issuer Repurchase, the Base
Amount Percentage for all Transactions hereunder would be equal to or greater than 9.0%. 

(f) 

Party B is not insolvent, nor will Party B be rendered insolvent as a result of any Transaction hereunder.

(g) 

Neither Party B nor any of its affiliates shall take or refrain from taking any action (including, without
limitation, any direct purchases by Party B or any of its affiliates or any purchases by a party to a derivative transaction with Party B or any of its affiliates), either under this Master Forward Confirmation, under any Supplemental Confirmation,
under an agreement with another party or otherwise, that could reasonably be expected to cause any purchases of Shares by Party A or any of its affiliates in connection with any Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement of any Transaction hereunder
not to meet the requirements of the safe harbor provided by Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act if such purchases were made by Party B and Rule 10b-18 were applicable to
such purchases. 

(h) 

Party B will not engage in any distribution (as defined in Regulation M under the Exchange Act
(Regulation M)) that would cause a restricted period (as defined in Regulation M) to occur during any Unwind Period for any Transaction hereunder, unless Party B has provided written notice to Party A of such
restricted period not later than the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the first day of such restricted period (it being understood and agreed that any such day or days during such restricted period shall be a Suspension Day or
Suspension Days, as the case may be, and Party A shall not be required to notify Party B with respect to the receipt of any advice of counsel with respect to such Suspension Day or Suspension Days). 

(i) 

Party B is an eligible contract participant (as such term is defined in Section 1a(18) of the
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended). 

(j) 

In addition to any other requirements set forth herein, Party B agrees not to elect Cash Settlement or Net
Share Settlement in respect of any Transaction if, in the good faith, reasonable judgment of Party B at the time of such election, such settlement or Party As related market activity would result in a violation of the U.S. federal securities
laws or any other federal or state law or regulation applicable to Party B. 

(k) 

Party B (i) is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to
all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities; (ii) will exercise independent judgment in evaluating the recommendations of any broker-dealer or its associated persons, unless it has otherwise notified the
broker-dealer in writing; and (iii) has total assets of at least USD 50 million as of the date hereof, the Forward Date for each Transaction hereunder and the Trade Date for each Transaction hereunder. 

(l) 

Party B acknowledges and agrees that: 

(i) 

during the term of each Transaction, Party A and its affiliates may buy or sell Shares or other securities or
buy or sell options or futures contracts or enter into swaps or other derivative securities in order to establish, adjust or unwind its hedge position with respect to such Transaction; 

12 

(ii) 

Party A and its affiliates may also be active in the market for the Shares and Share-linked transactions other
than in connection with hedging activities in relation to each Transaction; 

(iii) 

Party A shall make its own determination as to whether, when or in what manner any hedging or market activities
in Party Bs securities shall be conducted and shall do so in a manner that it deems appropriate to hedge its price and market risk with respect to the Forward Price for each Transaction and the 10b-18
VWAP for each Transaction; 

(iv) 

any market activities of Party A and its affiliates with respect to the Shares may affect the market price and
volatility of the Shares, as well as the Forward Price for each Transaction and 10b-18 VWAP for each Transaction, each in a manner that may be adverse to Party B; and 

(v) 

each Transaction is a derivatives transaction in which it has granted Party A the right, under certain
circumstances, to receive cash or Shares, as the case may be; Party A may purchase Shares for its own account at an average price that may be greater than, or less than, the effective price paid by Party B under the terms of such Transaction.

(m) 

Party B represents and warrants to Party A that the representations and warranties of Party B contained in the
Equity Distribution Agreement and any certificate delivered pursuant thereto by Party B are true and correct, or, as provided in the Equity Distribution Agreement or such certificate, true and correct in all material respects, as if made as of such
Trade Date and the corresponding Effective Date. 

(n) 

Party B covenants and agrees that it shall perform all of the obligations required to be performed by it under
the Equity Distribution Agreement (including, without limitation, to the extent required to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 6 of the Equity Distribution Agreement) on or prior to such Trade Date and the corresponding Effective Date.

(o) 

To Party Bs actual knowledge, no federal, state or local (including
non-U.S. jurisdictions) law, rule, regulation or regulatory order applicable to the Shares would give rise to any reporting, consent, registration or other requirement (including without limitation a
requirement to obtain prior approval from any person or entity) as a result of Party A or its affiliates owning or holding (however defined) Shares, other than Sections 13 and 16 under the Exchange Act; provided that Party B makes no
representation or warranty regarding any such requirement that is applicable generally to the ownership of equity securities by Party A or its affiliates solely as a result of their being a financial institution or broker-dealer.

Covenant of Party B: 

Subject to the provisions of Private Placement Procedures below, the parties acknowledge and agree that any Shares delivered by
Party B to Party A on any Settlement Date for a Transaction hereunder will be newly issued Shares and when delivered by Party A (or an affiliate of Party A) to securities lenders from whom Party A (or an affiliate of Party A) borrowed Shares in
connection with hedging its exposure to such Transaction will be freely saleable without further registration or other restrictions under the Securities Act, in the hands of those securities lenders, irrespective of whether such stock loan is
effected by Party A or an affiliate of Party A. Accordingly, subject to the provisions of Private Placement Procedures below, Party B agrees that the Shares that it delivers to Party A on each Settlement Date for a Transaction hereunder
will not bear a restrictive legend and that such Shares will be deposited in, and the delivery thereof shall be effected through the facilities of, the Clearance System. 

13 

Covenants of Party A: 

(a) 

Unless the provisions set forth below under Private Placement Procedures shall be applicable, Party
A shall use any Shares delivered by Party B to Party A on any Settlement Date for a Transaction hereunder to return to securities lenders to close out open Share loans created by Party A or an affiliate of Party A in the course of Party As or
such affiliates hedging activities related to Party As exposure under this Master Forward Confirmation and the relevant Supplemental Confirmation. 

(b) 

In connection with bids and purchases of Shares in connection with any Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement
of any Transaction, Party A shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to conduct its activities, or cause its affiliates to conduct their activities, in a manner consistent with the requirements of the safe harbor provided by Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, as if such provisions were applicable to such purchases. 

(c) 

Party A hereby represents and warrants to Party B that it has implemented policies and procedures, taking into
consideration the nature of its business, reasonably designed to ensure that individuals conducting hedging activity related to any Transaction do not have access to material non-public information regarding
the Issuer or the Shares. 

Insolvency Filing: 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in any Supplemental Confirmation, in the Agreement or in the Definitions, upon any Insolvency
Filing in respect of the Issuer, each Transaction hereunder shall automatically terminate on the date thereof without further liability of either party to this Master Forward Confirmation or any related Supplemental Confirmation to the other party
(except for any liability in respect of any breach of representation or covenant by a party under this Master Forward Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation prior to the date of such Insolvency Filing). 

Extraordinary Dividends: 

If an ex-dividend date for an Extraordinary Dividend occurs on or after the first day of the
Forward Hedge Selling Period (as defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement) for any Transaction and prior to the Maturity Date for such Transaction (or, if later, prior to the last date on which Shares are delivered by Party B to
Party A in settlement of such Transaction), Party B shall pay to Party A, on the earlier of (i) the date on which such Extraordinary Dividend is paid by the Issuer to holders of record of the Shares and (ii) the Maturity Date for such
Transaction, an amount in cash equal to the product of (1) the per Share amount of such Extraordinary Dividend and (2) the Base Amount for such Transaction as of the record date of such Extraordinary Dividend. Extraordinary
Dividend means any cash dividend or distribution, or a portion thereof, declared by the Issuer with respect to the Shares that is specified by the board of directors of the Issuer as an extraordinary dividend. 

Acceleration Events: 

The
following events shall each constitute an Acceleration Event with respect to any Transaction: 

(a) 

Stock Borrow Events. In the good faith, commercially reasonable judgment of the Calculation Agent
(i) Party A (or its affiliate) is unable to hedge Party As exposure to such Transaction because of the lack of sufficient Shares being made available for Share borrowing by lenders, or (ii) Party A (or its affiliate) would incur a
Stock Loan Fee to borrow a number of Shares equal to the Base Amount for such Transaction of more than a rate equal to the Maximum Specified Borrow Rate for such Transaction (each, a Stock Borrow Event); 

14 

(b) 

Dividends and Other Distributions. On any day occurring after the Trade Date for such Transaction, Party
B declares a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the Shares of (i) any cash dividend (other than an Extraordinary Dividend) to the extent all cash dividends having an ex-dividend date
during the period from, and including, any Forward Price Reduction Date for such Transaction (with the Trade Date for such Transaction being a Forward Price Reduction Date for purposes of this clause (b) only) to, but excluding, the next
subsequent Forward Price Reduction Date exceeds, on a per Share basis, the Forward Price Reduction Amount set forth opposite the first date of any such period on Schedule I to the relevant Supplemental Confirmation, (ii) share capital or
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by Party B as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (iii) any other type of securities (other than Shares), rights
or warrants or other assets, for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent; 

(c) 

ISDA Early Termination Date. Party A has the right to designate an Early Termination Date pursuant to
Section 6 of the Agreement; 

(d) 

Other ISDA Events. The announcement of any event that, if consummated, would result in an Extraordinary
Event or the occurrence of any Change in Law or a Delisting; provided that in case of a Delisting, in addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the 2002 Definitions, it will also constitute a Delisting if the Exchange is
located in the United States and the Shares are not immediately re-listed,re-traded or re-quoted on any of The New York Stock
Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or their respective successors); and provided further that the definition of Change in Law provided in Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the 2002 Definitions is
hereby amended by (i) replacing the phrase the interpretation in the third line thereof with the phrase , or public announcement of, the formal or informal interpretation, (ii) replacing the parenthetical beginning
after the word regulation in the second line thereof with the words (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, (x) any tax law or (y) adoption, effectiveness or promulgation of new regulations
authorized or mandated by existing statute) and (iii) immediately following the word Transaction in clause (X) thereof, adding the phrase in the manner contemplated by Party A on the Forward Date for such
Transaction; or 

(e) 

Ownership Event. In the good faith, reasonable judgment of the Calculation Agent, on any day, the Share
Amount for such day exceeds the Post-Effective Limit for such day (if any applies). 

The Maximum Specified
Borrow Rate for any Transaction shall be the per annum rate set forth in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction. 

The
Share Amount as of any day is the number of Shares that Party A and any person whose ownership position would be aggregated with that of Party A, including any group (within the meaning of Section 13 of the
Exchange Act) of which Party A is or may be deemed to be a part (Party A or any such person, a Party A Person) under any law, rule, regulation, regulatory order or organizational documents or contracts of Party B that are, in each
case, applicable to ownership of Shares (Applicable Restrictions), owns, beneficially owns, constructively owns, controls, holds the power to vote or otherwise meets a relevant definition of ownership of under any Applicable
Restriction, as determined by Party A in its reasonable discretion. The Post-Effective Limit means a number of Shares equal to (x) the minimum number of Shares that could reasonably be expected to give rise to reporting or
registration obligations or other requirements (including obtaining prior approval from any person or entity) of a Party A Person, or could reasonably be expected to result in an adverse effect on a Party A Person, under any Applicable Restriction,
as determined by Party A in its reasonable discretion, minus (y) 1% of the number of Shares outstanding. 

15 

Termination Settlement: 

Upon the occurrence of any Acceleration Event in respect of any Transaction, Party A shall have the right to designate, upon at least one
Scheduled Trading Days notice, any Scheduled Trading Day following such occurrence to be a Settlement Date under such Transaction (a Termination Settlement Date) to which Physical Settlement shall apply, and to select the
number of Settlement Shares relating to such Termination Settlement Date; provided that (i) in the case of an Acceleration Event arising out of an Ownership Event, the number of Settlement Shares for the relevant Transaction so
designated by Party A shall not exceed the number of Shares necessary to reduce the Share Amount to the Post-Effective Limit and (ii) in the case of an Acceleration Event arising out of a Stock Borrow Event, the number of Settlement Shares for
the relevant Transaction so designated by Party A shall not exceed the number of Shares as to which such Stock Borrow Event exists. If, upon designation of a Termination Settlement Date by Party A pursuant to the preceding sentence, Party B fails to
deliver the Settlement Shares relating to such Termination Settlement Date when due or otherwise fails to perform obligations within its control in respect of the relevant Transaction, it shall be an Event of Default with respect to Party B and
Section 6 of the Agreement shall apply. If an Acceleration Event occurs during an Unwind Period for any Transaction relating to a number of Settlement Shares for the relevant Transaction to which Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement applies,
then on the Termination Settlement Date relating to such Acceleration Event, notwithstanding any election to the contrary by Party B, Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement shall apply to the portion of such Settlement Shares relating to such
Unwind Period as to which Party A has unwound its hedge and Physical Settlement shall apply in respect of (x) the remainder (if any) of such Settlement Shares and (y) the Settlement Shares designated by Party A in respect of such
Termination Settlement Date. Under no circumstances will Party A be entitled to an adjustment to the terms of any Transaction for the effects of an Extraordinary Dividend (other than as set forth above under the heading Extraordinary
Dividends) or a change in expected dividends. For the avoidance of doubt, the immediately preceding sentence shall not preclude or otherwise limit Party A from exercising its Termination Settlement rights pursuant to this paragraph
upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event as set forth in clause (b) of such definition. 

Private Placement Procedures: 

If Party B is unable to comply with the provisions of Covenant of Party B above because of a change in law or a change in the
policy of the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff, or Party A otherwise determines that in its reasonable opinion, based on the advice of counsel, any Settlement Shares to be delivered to Party A by Party B may not be freely returned by
Party A or its affiliates to securities lenders as described under Covenant of Party B above, then delivery of any such Settlement Shares (the Restricted Shares) shall be effected pursuant to Annex A hereto, unless
waived by Party A. 

Rule 10b5-1: 

It is the intent of Party A and Party B that following any election of Cash Settlement or Net Share Settlement by Party B, the purchase of
Shares by Party A during any Unwind Period comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) of the Exchange Act and that this Master Forward Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation shall be
interpreted to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c).

Party B acknowledges that
(i) during any Unwind Period, Party B does not have, and shall not attempt to exercise, any influence over how, when or whether to effect purchases of Shares by Party A (or its agent or affiliate) in connection with this Master Forward
Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation and (ii) Party B is entering into the Agreement, this Master Forward Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade compliance with
federal securities laws including, without limitation, Rule 10b-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

16 

Party B hereby agrees with Party A that, during any Unwind Period, Party B shall not
communicate, directly or indirectly, any Material Non-Public Information (as defined herein) to any employee of Party A other than any Permitted EDG Personnel (as defined below). For purposes of each
Transaction, Material Non-Public Information means information relating to Party B or the Shares that (a) has not been widely disseminated by wire service, in one or more
newspapers of general circulation, by communication from Party B to its shareholders or in a press release, or contained in a public filing made by Party B with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or otherwise disseminated in a manner
constituting public disclosure within the meaning of Regulation FD under the Exchange Act and (b) a reasonable investor might consider to be of importance in making an investment decision to buy, sell or hold Shares. For the
avoidance of doubt and solely by way of illustration, information should be presumed material if it relates to such matters as dividend increases or decreases, earnings estimates, changes in previously released earnings estimates,
significant expansion or curtailment of operations, a significant increase or decline of customers, significant merger or acquisition proposals or agreements, significant new supply shortages or disruptions, extraordinary borrowing, major
litigation, liquidity problems, extraordinary management developments, purchase or sale of substantial assets, or other similar information. For purposes of each Transaction, Permitted EDG Personnel means [Party A To
Provide]. 

Maximum Share Delivery: 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Master Forward Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation hereunder to the contrary, in no event
shall Party B be required to deliver to Party A in respect of any Transaction hereunder, whether pursuant to Physical Settlement, Net Share Settlement, Termination Settlement, any Private Placement Settlement or otherwise, an aggregate number of
Shares in excess of the Forward Share Number for such Transaction. The Forward Share Number for any Transaction shall be as set forth in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Forward Share Number for any Transaction shall not be subject to adjustment except in connection with a Potential Adjustment Event that is within the control of Party B. 

Transfer and Assignment: 

Party A may transfer or assign its rights and obligations hereunder and under the Agreement, in whole or in part, to any of its Affiliates of
equivalent credit quality (or whose obligations are guaranteed by an entity of equivalent credit quality) without the prior written consent of Party B; provided that such transfer and/or assignment shall be permitted only so long as
(i) an Event of Default or Termination Event will not occur as a result of such transfer or assignment, (ii) such Affiliate is (A) a United States person (a U.S. Person) within the meaning of
Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (B) not a U.S. Person and each payment that will be received by it under the Agreement will be
treated as effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business within the United States within the meaning of Section 864(c) of the Code (a Non-U.S. ECI Entity), (iii) as a
result of such transfer or assignment (x) Party B will not be required to pay or deliver to the transferee on any payment date or delivery date an amount (including, without limitation, under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement) or a
number of Shares, as applicable, greater than the amount or the number of Shares, respectively, that Party B would have been required to pay or deliver to Party A in the absence of such transfer and assignment and (y) Party B will not be
entitled to receive from the transferee on any payment date or delivery date an amount (including, without limitation, under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement) or a number of Shares, as applicable, lesser than the amount or the number of
Shares, respectively, that Party A would have been required to pay or deliver, as the case may be, to Party B in the absence of such transfer and assignment, and (iv) the transferee provides the tax documentation and makes the tax
representations of Party A specified in Section 4 under the heading Tax Matters on or prior to such transfer. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Master Forward Confirmation to the contrary requiring or allowing Party A to
purchase, sell, receive or deliver any Shares or other securities to or from Party B, Party A may designate any of its affiliates that is a U.S. Person for U.S. federal income tax purposes or a Non-U.S. ECI
Entity to purchase, sell, receive or deliver such Shares or other securities and otherwise to perform Party As obligations in respect of any Transaction and any such designee may assume such obligations. Party A shall be discharged of its
obligations to Party B only to the extent of any such performance. 

17 

Indemnity: 

Party B agrees to indemnify Party A and its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, agents and controlling parties (Party A and
each such affiliate or person being an Indemnified Party) from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities, joint and several, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnified Party arising out of, in
connection with, or relating to, any breach of any covenant or representation made by Party B in this Master Forward Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation or the Agreement and will reimburse any Indemnified Party for all reasonable expenses
(including reasonable legal fees and expenses) as they are incurred in connection with the investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim or any action or proceeding arising therefrom, whether or not such
Indemnified Party is a party thereto. Party B will not be liable under this Indemnity paragraph to the extent that any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense is found in a final and nonappealable judgment by a court to have resulted from Party
As gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

Notice: 

Non-Reliance: Applicable

Additional Acknowledgments: Applicable

Agreements and Acknowledgments Regarding Hedging Activities: Applicable

4. 

The Agreement is further supplemented by the following provisions: 

No Collateral or Setoff: 

Notwithstanding Section 6(f) or any other provision of the Agreement or any other agreement between the parties to the contrary, the
obligations of Party B under the Transactions are not secured by any collateral. Obligations under the Transactions shall not be set off against any other obligations of the parties, whether arising under the Agreement, under this Master Forward
Confirmation, under any Supplemental Confirmation, under any other agreement between the parties hereto, by operation of law or otherwise, and no other obligations of the parties shall be set off against obligations under any Transaction, whether
arising under the Agreement, under this Master Forward Confirmation, under any Supplemental Confirmation, under any other agreement between the parties hereto, by operation of law or otherwise, and each party hereby waives any such right of setoff.
In calculating any amounts under Section 6(e) of the Agreement with respect to any Transaction, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, (a) separate amounts shall be calculated as set forth in such Section 6(e) with
respect to (i) such Transaction and (ii) all other Transactions and (b) such separate amounts shall be payable pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement. 

Status of Claims in Bankruptcy: 

Party A acknowledges and agrees that neither this Master Forward Confirmation nor any Supplemental Confirmation is intended to convey to Party
A rights with respect to the Transactions contemplated hereby that are senior to the claims of common stockholders in any U.S. bankruptcy proceedings of Party B; provided, however,that nothing herein shall limit or shall be
deemed to limit Party As right to pursue remedies in the event of a breach by Party B of its obligations and agreements with respect to this Master Forward Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation and the Agreement; and provided
further, that nothing herein shall limit or shall be deemed to limit Party As rights in respect of any transaction other than the Transactions. 

18 

Limit on Beneficial Ownership: 

Notwithstanding any other provisions hereof, Party A shall not have an interest in (within the meaning of NYSE Rule 312.04(e))
Shares hereunder and Party A shall not be entitled to take delivery of any Shares deliverable hereunder in respect of any Transaction (in each case, whether in connection with the purchase of Shares on any Settlement Date or any Termination
Settlement Date, any Private Placement Settlement or otherwise) to the extent (but only to the extent) that, after such receipt of any Shares hereunder, (i) the Share Amount would exceed the Post-Effective Limit for such Transaction,
(ii) the Section 16 Percentage would exceed 9.0 % or (iii) Party A and each person subject to aggregation of Shares with Party A under Section 13 or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and rules promulgated thereunder (the
Party A Group) would directly or indirectly beneficially own (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 13 or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of the Threshold Number of
Shares for such Transaction. Any purported delivery hereunder in respect of any Transaction shall be void and have no effect to the extent (but only to the extent) that, after such delivery, (i) the Share Amount would exceed the Post-Effective
Limit for such Transaction, (ii) the Section 16 Percentage would exceed 9.0 % or (iii) Party A Group would directly or indirectly so beneficially own in excess of the Threshold Number of Shares. If any delivery owed to Party A
hereunder in respect of any Transaction is not made, in whole or in part, as a result of this provision, Party Bs obligation to make such delivery shall not be extinguished and Party B shall make such delivery as promptly as practicable after,
but in no event later than one Exchange Business Day after, Party A gives notice to Party B that, after such delivery, (i) the Share Amount would not exceed the Post-Effective Limit for such Transaction, (ii) the Section 16 Percentage
would not exceed 9.0% and (iii) Party A Group would not directly or indirectly so beneficially own in excess of the Threshold Number of Shares. The Threshold Number of Shares for any Transaction means a number of Shares equal
to 4.9% of the outstanding Shares on the Trade Date for such Transaction. The Section 16 Percentage as of any day is the fraction, expressed as a percentage, (A) the numerator of which is the number of
Shares that Party A and any of its affiliates or any other person subject to aggregation with Party A for purposes of the beneficial ownership test under Section 13 of the Exchange Act, or any group (within the meaning
of Section 13 of the Exchange Act) of which Party A is or may be deemed to be a part beneficially owns (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act), without duplication, on such day (or, to the extent that for any reason the
equivalent calculation under Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder results in a higher number, such higher number) and (B) the denominator of which is the number of Shares outstanding on such day. 

Other Forward Transactions: 

Party A acknowledges that Party B has entered into or may enter in the future into one or more substantially identical forward transactions on
the Shares (each, an Other Forward and, collectively, the Other Forwards) with one or more other forward purchasers. Party A and Party B agree that if Party B designates a Settlement Date (or
equivalent concept) with respect to one or more Other Forwards for which Cash Settlement (or equivalent concept) or Net Share Settlement (or equivalent concept) is applicable, and the resulting Unwind Period (or
equivalent concept) for such Other Forward(s) coincides for any period of time with an Unwind Period for any Transaction hereunder (the Overlap Unwind Period), Party B shall notify Party A at least one Scheduled Trading Day prior
to the commencement of such Overlap Unwind Period of the first Scheduled Trading Day and the length of such Overlap Unwind Period, and Party A shall be permitted to purchase Shares to unwind its hedge in respect of such Transaction only on
alternating Scheduled Trading Days during such Overlap Unwind Period, as notified to Party A by Party B at least one Scheduled Trading Day prior to the commencement of such Overlap Unwind Period (which alternating Scheduled Trading Days, for the
avoidance of doubt, shall be every other Scheduled Trading Day if there is only one Other Forward, every third Scheduled Trading Day if there are two Other Forwards, etc.). 

19 

New York General Obligations Law: 

Party B and Party A agree and acknowledge that: (A) the Transactions contemplated by this Master Forward Confirmation will be entered into
in reliance on the fact that this Master Forward Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation hereto form a single agreement between Party B and Party A, and Party A would not otherwise enter into such Transactions; (B) this Master Forward
Confirmation, together with each Supplemental Confirmation hereto, is a qualified financial contract, as such term is defined in Section 5-701(b)(2) of the New York General Obligations Law;
(C) each Supplemental Confirmation hereto, regardless of whether transmitted electronically or otherwise, constitutes a confirmation in writing sufficient to indicate that a contract has been made between the parties hereto, as set
forth in Section 5-701(b)(3)(b) of the New York General Obligations Law; and (D) this Master Forward Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation hereto constitute a prior written
contract, as set forth in Section 5-701(b)(1)(b) of the New York General Obligations Law, and each party hereto intends and agrees to be bound by this Master Forward Confirmation and such
Supplemental Confirmation. 

Forward Placement Notices: 

Party B and Party A agree that, upon the effectiveness of any accepted Forward Placement Notice relating to a Forward (as such term
is defined in the Equity Distribution Agreement), in respect of the Transaction to which such accepted Forward Placement Notice relates, each of the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and other provisions of this Master Forward
Confirmation and the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction (including, without limitation, the provisions above in Section 3 of this Master Forward Confirmation under the heading Extraordinary Dividends and Party As
right to designate a Termination Settlement Date in respect of such Transaction and the termination of such Transaction following an Insolvency Filing) shall govern, and be applicable to, such Transaction as of the first Trading Day of the
Forward Hedge Selling Period for such Transaction as if the Trade Date for such Transaction were such first Trading Day. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Master Forward Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation, the Agreement, the
2002 Definitions or the 2021 Definitions, if Party A designates a Termination Settlement Date with respect to a Transaction (1) following the occurrence of any Acceleration Event, other than an Insolvency Filing, and such Termination
Settlement Date is to occur before the date that is one Settlement Cycle after the last day of the Forward Hedge Selling Period for such Transaction or (2) prior to Party Bs execution of the Supplemental Confirmation relating to such
Transaction, then, for purposes of such Termination Settlement Date, a Supplemental Confirmation relating to such Transaction reasonably completed by Party A (as if the Trade Date for such Transaction were the last day of the Forward Hedge
Selling Period on which the Forward Seller sold Forward Hedge Shares for such Transaction) shall, notwithstanding the provisions under Conditions to Effectiveness above, be deemed to be immediately effective. 

Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act: 

In connection with Section 739 of the Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010 (the WSTAA), the parties
hereby agree that neither the enactment of the WSTAA or any regulation under the WSTAA, nor any requirement under the WSTAA or an amendment made by the WSTAA, shall limit or otherwise impair either partys otherwise applicable rights to
terminate, renegotiate, modify, amend or supplement this Master Forward Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation or the Agreement, as applicable, arising from a termination event, force majeure, illegality, increased costs, regulatory change or
similar event under this Master Forward Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation, the 2002 Definitions incorporated herein, or the Agreement (including, but not limited to, rights arising from any Acceleration Event or Illegality (as defined in
the Agreement)). 

Miscellaneous: 

(a) 

Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of the Agreement: 

Address for notices or communications to Party A: 

[Party A to Provide]. 

20 

Address for notices or communications to Party B: 

Address: 

PPL Corporation 

645 Hamilton Street 

Allentown, Pennsylvania 18101 

Attention: 

Tadd J. Henninger 

W. Eric Marr, Esq. 

Email: 

TJHenninger@pplweb.com 

WMarr@pplweb.com 

(b) 

Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Master Forward Confirmation and/or any Supplemental Confirmation. Each party (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of the
other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of such a suit action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to
enter into this Master Forward Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications herein. 

Acknowledgements: 

The
parties hereto intend for: 

(a) 

each Transaction to be a securities contract as defined in Section 741(7) of Title 11 of the
United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code), qualifying for the protections under Section 555 of the Bankruptcy Code; 

(b) 

a partys right to liquidate each Transaction and to exercise any other remedies upon the occurrence of
any Event of Default under the Agreement with respect to the other party to constitute a contractual right as defined in the Bankruptcy Code; 

(c) 

Party A to be a financial institution within the meaning of Section 101(22) of the Bankruptcy
Code; and 

(d) 

all payments for, under or in connection with each Transaction, all payments for the Shares and the transfer of
such Shares to constitute settlement payments as defined in the Bankruptcy Code. 

Severability: 

If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Master Forward Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation, or the application thereof
to any party or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part for any reason, the remaining terms, provisions, covenants, and conditions hereof shall continue in full force and effect as if this Master Forward
Confirmation and the related Supplemental Confirmation had been executed with the invalid or unenforceable provision eliminated, so long as this Master Forward Confirmation and such related Supplemental Confirmation as so modified continues to
express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter of this Master Forward Confirmation and such Supplemental Confirmation and the deletion of such portion of the Master Forward Confirmation and/or such
Supplemental Confirmation will not substantially impair the respective benefits or expectations of parties to this Master Forward Confirmation and such Supplemental Confirmation; provided, however, that this severability provision
shall not be applicable if any provision of Section 2, 5, 6 or 13 of the Agreement (or any definition or provision in Section 14 to the extent that it relates to, or is used in or in connection with any such Section) shall be so held to be
invalid or unenforceable. 

21 

[QFC Language, if any, to be Provided]. 

Tax Matters: 

(a) 

For the purpose of Section 3(e) of the Agreement, each of Party A and Party B makes the following
representation: It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any
payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of the Agreement and any other payments of interest and penalty charges for late payment) to be made by it to the other party under the Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on
(i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of the Agreement; (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of the Agreement and the accuracy and
effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of the Agreement; and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of the Agreement;
provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) of the Agreement by reason of material prejudice
to its legal or commercial position. 

(b) 

For the purpose of Section 3(f) of the Agreement: 

(i) 

Party A makes the following representation(s): 

[Party A to Provide]. 

(ii) 

Party B makes the following representation(s): 

(A) 

It is a U.S. person (as that term is used in
Section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

(B) 

It is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, and is an exempt recipient under Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii)(A).

(c) 

Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under
the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. Tax and Indemnifiable Tax, each as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement, shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a FATCA Withholding Tax). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the
deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of the Agreement. 

(d) 

Tax Imposed on Payments to Non-US Persons. Tax and
Indemnifiable Tax, each as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement, shall not include (A) any tax imposed or collected pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code or any current or future regulations or official interpretation
thereof, (B) any tax imposed or collected pursuant to Section 305 of the Code or any current or future regulations or official interpretation thereof or (C) any tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 897 or 1445 of the Code or
any current or future regulations or official interpretation thereof. 

22 

(e) 

Agreement to Deliver Documents. For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i) and Section 4(a)(ii) of the
Agreement, Party A agrees to deliver a completed and accurate U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form [W-9][W-8ECI] (or successor thereto) and Party B agrees to deliver a
completed and accurate U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor thereto), in each case (x) promptly upon execution of this Master Forward Confirmation, (y) promptly upon reasonable demand
by the other party and (z) promptly upon learning that any form previously provided has become invalid, obsolete or incorrect. Additionally, each party shall, promptly upon request by the other party, provide such other tax forms and documents
reasonably requested by such other party in order to allow such other party to make a payment under this Master Forward Confirmation without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any tax or with such deduction or withholding at a
reduced rate. 

[Party A to Provide Specific Boilerplate]. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

23 

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by executing a copy of
this Master Forward Confirmation and returning it to Party A. 

Very truly yours, 

[BANK] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Master Forward Confirmation] 

Accepted and confirmed as of the date first above written:

PPL CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Master Forward Confirmation] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL CONFIRMATION 

To: 

PPL Corporation (Party B)

645 Hamilton Street

Allentown, Pennsylvania 18101

From: 

[Bank] (Party A)

[Bank Address]

Date: 

[ ], 20[ ]

The purpose of this Supplemental Confirmation is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Transaction
entered into between Party A and Party B (together, the Contracting Parties) on the Trade Date specified below. This Supplemental Confirmation is a binding contract between Party A and Party B as of the relevant Trade Date for the
Transaction referenced below. 

1. This Supplemental Confirmation supplements, forms part of, and is subject to the Master Forward Confirmation dated as of
February 14, 2025 (the Master Forward Confirmation) between the Contracting Parties, as amended and supplemented from time to time. All provisions contained in the Master Forward Confirmation govern this Supplemental Confirmation
except as expressly modified below. 

2. The terms of the Transaction to which this Supplemental Confirmation relates are as follows: 

Trade Date: [ ], 20[ ]

Effective Date: [ ], 20[ ]

Maturity Date: [ ], 20[ ]

Base Amount: [ ]

Initial Forward Price: USD [ ]

Spread: [ . ]%

Volume-Weighted Hedge Price: USD [ ]

Specified Borrow Rate: [ ] basis points per annum

Maximum Specified Borrow Rate: [ ] basis points per annum

Forward Share Number: [ ]1 Shares

Threshold Number of Shares: [ ] Shares

Notice Settlement Number: [ ] Scheduled Trading Days

1 

To be twice the Base Amount. 

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by executing a copy of
this Supplemental Confirmation and returning it to Party A. 

Very truly yours, 

[BANK] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Supplemental Confirmation] 

Accepted and confirmed as of the date first above written: 

PPL CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Supplemental Confirmation] 

Schedule I 

Forward Price Reduction Date Forward Price Reduction Amount 

Trade Date USD 0.00 

[ ], 20[ ] USD [ ] 

[ ], 20[ ] USD [ ] 

[ ], 20[ ] USD [ ] 

[ ], 20[ ] USD [ ] 

[Signature Page to
Supplemental Confirmation] 

ANNEX A 

PRIVATE PLACEMENT PROCEDURES 

(i) 

If Party B delivers the Restricted Shares pursuant to this clause (i) (a Private Placement
Settlement), then delivery of Restricted Shares by Party B shall be effected in customary private placement procedures with respect to such Restricted Shares reasonably acceptable to Party A; provided that if, on or before the date
that a Private Placement Settlement would occur, Party B has taken, or caused to be taken, any action that would make unavailable either the exemption pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act for the sale by Party B to Party A (or any
affiliate designated by Party A) of the Restricted Shares or the exemption pursuant to Section 4(a)(1) or Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities Act for resales of the Restricted Shares by Party A (or any such affiliate of Party A) or Party B
fails to deliver the Restricted Shares when due or otherwise fails to perform obligations within its control in respect of a Private Placement Settlement, it shall be an Event of Default with respect to Party B and Section 6 of the Agreement
shall apply. The Private Placement Settlement of such Restricted Shares shall include customary representations, covenants, blue sky and other governmental filings and/or registrations, indemnities to Party A, due diligence rights (for Party A or
any designated buyer of the Restricted Shares by Party A), opinions and certificates, and such other documentation as is customary for private placement agreements, all reasonably acceptable to Party A. In the case of a Private Placement Settlement,
Party A shall, in its good faith discretion, adjust the number of Restricted Shares to be delivered to Party A hereunder in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the fact that such Restricted Shares may not be freely returned to securities
lenders by Party A and may only be saleable by Party A at a discount to reflect the lack of liquidity in Restricted Shares. Notwithstanding the Agreement, this Master Forward Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation, the date of delivery of
such Restricted Shares shall be the Clearance System Business Day following notice by Party A to Party B of the number of Restricted Shares to be delivered pursuant to this clause (i). For the avoidance of doubt, delivery of Restricted Shares shall
be due as set forth in the previous sentence and not be due on the Settlement Date for the relevant Transaction or Termination Settlement Date for the relevant Transaction that would otherwise be applicable. 

(ii) 

If Party B delivers any Restricted Shares in respect of any Transaction, Party B agrees that (i) such
Shares may be transferred by and among Party A and its affiliates and (ii) after the minimum holding period within the meaning of Rule 144(d) under the Securities Act has elapsed after the applicable delivery date, Party B shall
promptly remove, or cause the transfer agent for the Shares to remove, any legends referring to any transfer restrictions from such Shares upon delivery by Party A (or such affiliate of Party A) to Party B or such transfer agent of sellers and
brokers representation letters customarily delivered by Party A or its affiliates in connection with resales of restricted securities pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, each without any further requirement for the delivery of any
certificate, consent, agreement, opinion of counsel, notice or any other document, any transfer tax stamps or payment of any other amount or any other action by Party A (or such affiliate of Party A). 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d925822dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

EXHIBIT 5.1 

W. Eric Marr

Senior Counsel

PPL

645 Hamilton
Street

Allentown, PA 18101

Tel. 610.774.7445

Fax 610.774.4102 

February 14, 2025 

PPL
Corporation 

645 Hamilton Street 

Allentown, PA 18101 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

I am Senior Counsel of
PPL Services Corporation, an affiliate of PPL Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation (the Company), and as such am familiar with its affairs, including the proceedings in connection with (i) the offer and sale from time to time of
shares of the Companys common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Common Stock), having an aggregate offering price of up to $2,000,000,000 (the Shares) pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement, dated
February 14, 2025 (the Distribution Agreement), among the Company and Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley &
Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as managers (each, a Manager, and, collectively, the Managers), Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of America,
N.A., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (each, in its
capacity as purchaser under any forward sale agreement, a Forward Purchaser and collectively, the Forward Purchasers) and Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (each, as agent for its affiliated Forward Purchaser in connection with the offering and sale of
any shares of the Common Stock in connection with a forward sale agreement, a Forward Seller and collectively, the Forward Sellers) and (ii) the issuance and sale from time to time of shares of the Common Stock pursuant
to the Master Forward Confirmations, dated February 14, 2025, between the Company and each Forward Purchaser (each a Forward Confirmation and, together, the Forward Confirmations). 

Upon my familiarity with the Company, and upon an examination of such other documents and questions of law as I have deemed appropriate for
purposes of this opinion, I am of the opinion that: 

1. 

The Shares to be issued and sold by the Company pursuant to the Distribution Agreement have been duly
authorized and, when issued and delivered by the Company in accordance with the Distribution Agreement, the Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable; and 

2. 

The shares of Common Stock, if any, to be issued and sold by the Company pursuant to the Forward Confirmations
(whether upon physical settlement, net share settlement or otherwise) have been duly authorized and, when issued and delivered by the Company in accordance with the Forward Confirmations, such shares of Common Stock will be validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable. 

I hereby authorize and consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the
Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on the date hereof and to its incorporation by reference into the Companys
registration statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-277140) (the Registration Statement) filed with the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Act). In addition, I authorize and consent to the references to me under the caption Experts in the prospectus supplement relating to the Shares forming a part of the Registration Statement. In giving the
foregoing consent, I do not hereby admit that I come within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. The opinions expressed herein are limited to the
laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 

Very truly yours,

By: /s/ W. Eric Marr

Name: W. Eric Marr

Title: Senior Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ppl-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ppl-20250214_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ppl-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

A 2007 Series A Due 2067 [Member] 
A 2007 Series A Due 2067 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ppl-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g925822g0213233350163.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 14, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name PPL Corp

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000922224

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 1-11459

Entity Incorporation State Country Code PA

Entity Tax Identification Number 23-2758192

Entity Address, Address Line One 645 Hamilton Street

Entity Address, City or Town Allentown

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 18101

City Area Code (610)

Local Phone Number 774-5151

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock of PPL Corporation

Trading Symbol PPL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

A 2007 Series A Due 2067 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Junior Subordinated Notes of PPL Capital Funding, Inc. 2007 Series A due 2067

Trading Symbol PPL/67

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: ppl_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: ppl_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ppl_A2007SeriesADue2067Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.pplelectric.com//20250214/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d925822d8k.htm 
ppl-20250214.xsd 
ppl-20250214_def.xml 
ppl-20250214_lab.xml 
ppl-20250214_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-026667-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d925822d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000922224 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

0000922224 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

0000922224 

ppl:A2007SeriesADue2067Member 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

PPL Corp 
false 
0000922224 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
1-11459 
PA 
23-2758192 
645 Hamilton Street 
Allentown 
PA 
18101 
(610) 
774-5151 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock of PPL Corporation 
PPL 
NYSE 
Junior Subordinated Notes of PPL Capital Funding, Inc. 2007 Series A due 2067 
PPL/67 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>