<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-000099.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-000099.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106070508
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-000099
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250103
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aclarion, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001635077
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				473324725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41358
		FILM NUMBER:		25509018

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8181 ARISTA PLACE
		STREET 2:		STE 100
		CITY:			BROOMFIELD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833 275 2266

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8181 ARISTA PLACE
		STREET 2:		STE 100
		CITY:			BROOMFIELD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nocimed, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150226
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>acon_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Aclarion, Inc. 8-K

false000163507700016350772025-01-032025-01-030001635077ACON:CommonStockParValue0.00001PerShareMember2025-01-032025-01-030001635077ACON:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-01-032025-01-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): January 6, 2025(January
3, 2025)

Aclarion,
Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41358 47-3324725

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

8181 Arista Place, Suite 100 

Broomfield, Colorado 80021

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (833)275-2266

Not
Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box
below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Trading 

Title of each class Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock ACON Nasdaq Stock Market

Common
Stock Warrants ACONW Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 3, 2025, Aclarion, Inc.
(the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with
the purchasers named therein. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell, in a registered direct
offering (the Offering), an aggregate of 3,380,276 shares (the Shares) of its common
stock, par value $0.00001 per share, at a price per share of $0.142.

The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company
from the Offering are expected to be approximately $0.5 million, before deducting the placement agent fees and other estimated offering
expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering to fund market development and clinical
evidence, product development and quality, and general and administration support, and other general corporate purposes.

The Offering is being made pursuant to an
effective registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-281999), as previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) on September 9, 2024 and declared effective by the SEC on September 23, 2024 (the Registration
Statement). A prospectus supplement to the Registration Statement was filed with the SEC on January 6, 2025. The Offering is
expected to close on or about January 6, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

In connection with the Offering, the Company
entered into a Placement Agency Agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement) with Dawson James Securities, Inc. (the
Placement Agent), as the exclusive placement agent for the Offering. As compensation to the Placement Agent, the
Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of 7% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Offering and reimbursed certain expenses
of the Placement Agent.

The foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement
and the Placement Agency Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of
such documents attached as exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which are incorporated herein by
reference.

The legal opinion of
Carroll Legal LLC relating to the Shares is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 7.01Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 3, 2025, the
Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

The information contained
in this Current Report on Form 8-K under Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 of Form 8-K and shall
not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. The information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K
under Item 7.01, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any filing under
the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a
filing.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed with this Form 8-K:

Exhibit Number Description

5.1* Opinion of Carroll Legal LLC.

10.1* Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 3, 2025.

10.2* Placement Agency Agreement, dated January 3, 2025, by and between the Company and Dawson James Securities, Inc.

23.1* Consent of Carroll Legal LLC (included in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1** Press Release, dated January 3, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Filed herewith.

** Furnished herewith.

2 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ACLARION, INC.

January 6, 2025 By: /s/ John Lorbiecki

Name: John Lorbiecki

Title: Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>acon_ex0501.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF CARROLL LEGAL LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Carroll Legal LLC

1449 Wynkoop Street

Suite 507

Denver, CO 80202

January 6, 2025

Aclarion, Inc.

8181 Arista Place

Broomfield, CO 80021

Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special counsel to Aclarion, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), in connection with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
of a Prospectus Supplement, dated January 6, 2025 to a Prospectus, dated September 23, 2024 (the Prospectus and Prospectus
Supplement), filed pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration No. 333-281999 (the Registration Statement)
and filed by the Company with the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). filing of
the Registration Statement (as amended, the Registration Statement) on Form S-3 (File No. 333-281999) with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act). The Prospectus
Supplement relates to the sale of 3,380,276 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, $0.00001 par value
per share (the Common Stock).

The Shares are to be sold by the Company in accordance with a Placement
Agent Agreement dated January 3, 2025 entered into by the Company and Dawson James Securities, Inc. (the Placement Agent Agreement),
the form of which has been filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The securities are to be offered and sold in the manner
described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement.

In connection herewith, we have examined the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus Supplement. We have also examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of the
Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws (both as amended to date), and such other records, agreements and instruments
of the Company, certificates of public officials and officers of the Company, and such other documents, records and instruments, and we
have made such legal and factual inquiries, as we have deemed necessary or appropriate as a basis for us to render the opinions hereinafter
expressed.

In our examination of the foregoing, we have assumed the genuineness
of all signatures, the legal competence and capacity of natural persons, the authenticity of documents submitted to us as originals and
the conformity with authentic original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies or by facsimile or other means of electronic
transmission, or which we obtained from the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (Edgar)
or other sites maintained by a court or governmental authority or regulatory body and the authenticity of the originals of such latter
documents. If any documents we examined in printed, word processed or similar form has been filed with the Commission on Edgar or such
court or governmental authority or regulatory body, we have assumed that the document so filed is identical to the document we examined
except for formatting changes. When relevant facts were not independently established, we have relied without independent investigation
as to matters of fact upon statements of governmental officials and certificates and statements of appropriate representatives of the
Company.

1 

Based upon the foregoing and in reliance thereon, and subject to the
assumptions, comments, qualifications, limitations and exceptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion, that:

(i) the
Shares, when issued against payment therefor as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement, will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable.

Our opinions herein reflect only the application of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware. The opinions set forth herein are made as of the date hereof and are subject to, and may be limited by,
future changes in factual matters, and we undertake no duty to advise you of the same. The opinions expressed herein are based upon the
law in effect (and published or otherwise generally available) on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to revise or supplement
these opinions should such law be changed by legislative action, judicial decision or otherwise. In rendering our opinions, we have not
considered, and hereby disclaim any opinion as to, the application or impact of any laws, cases, decisions, rules or regulations of any
other jurisdiction, court or administrative agency.

We do not render any opinions except as set forth above. We hereby
consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement and to the use of our name under the caption
Legal Matters in the prospectus filed as a part thereof. We also consent to your filing copies of this opinion letter as
an exhibit to the Registration Statement with agencies of such states as you deem necessary in the course of complying with the laws of
such states regarding the offering and sale of the Shares. In giving such consent, we do not thereby concede that we are within the category
of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

CARROLL LEGAL LLC

By: /s/ James H. Carroll

James H. Carroll

Managing Member

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>acon_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Securities Purchase
Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 3, 2025, between Aclarion, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and
assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined below),
as to the Shares (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly,
desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1.
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following
terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Applicable Laws
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(qq).

Auditor
means Haynie & Company.

Authorizations
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(qq).

BHCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

Board of Directors
means the board of directors, or any authorized committee thereof, of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date
means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and
all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations
to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof.

1 

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.00001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company Counsel
means Carroll Legal LLC, with offices located at 1449 Wynkoop Street, Suite 507, Denver, CO 80202.

Disclosure Schedules
means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure Time
means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight
(New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, unless
otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City
time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, unless otherwise
instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

DVP shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

DWAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

EDGAR
means the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System.

Environmental Law
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Evaluation Date
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(v).

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares
of Common Stock, options, restricted stock units, or other equity awards to employees, consultants, contractors, advisors, officers, or
directors of the Company pursuant to any equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members
of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services
rendered to the Company, (b) any securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and upon
exercise of other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the
date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of
such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with
stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) shares of Common Stock or securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock sold to employees, directors, consultants, or any of their affiliated entities in the ordinary
course of business or pursuant to agreements or in connection with commitments in place as of the date hereof, and (d) securities issued
pursuant to acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or other strategic transactions, including without limitation collaborations
or arrangements involving research and development or the sale or licensing of intellectual property, approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company, except for a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital
or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities (for avoidance of doubt, securities issued to a venture arm of a strategic
investor shall be deemed an Exempt Issuance), provided in the case of each of clauses (c) and (d), that such securities
are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the
filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein.

2 

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

Federal Reserve
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(k).

Hazardous Substances
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Intellectual Property
Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

IT Systems
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(pp).

Lien
means a lien, charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest, claim, right of first refusal, pre-emptive right, or other encumbrance of any
kind whatsoever.

Material Adverse
Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(r).

Money Laundering
Laws shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(oo).

OFAC
means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department

Offering
means the offering of the Securities hereunder.

Per Share Purchase
Price equals $0.142, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other
similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Personal Data
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(pp).

Placement Agent
means Dawson James Securities Inc.

Pre-Settlement Period
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Pre-Settlement Securities
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

3 

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition) pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing against the Company, a Subsidiary, or any of
their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal,
state, county, local or foreign).

Prospectus
means the prospectus filed under the Registration Statement, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement.

Prospectus Supplement
means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that will be filed with the Commission and delivered
by the Company to each Purchaser at or prior to the Closing.

Purchaser Party
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.9.

Registration Statement
means the effective registration statement with the Commission on Form S-3 (File No. 333-281999), as amended, including all information,
documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registers the sale of the Securities.

Required Approvals
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Sanctions
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(kk).

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Securities
means for each Purchaser, the Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short Sales
means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include
locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription Amount
means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the
signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in U.S. dollars and in immediately available
funds.

4 

Subsidiary
and Subsidiaries means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable,
also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means The Nasdaq Capital Market (or any nationally recognized successor thereto); provided, however, that in the event the Companys
Common Stock is ever listed or traded on The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The New York Stock Exchange, NYSE
American, NYSE Arca, the OTC Bulletin Board, or the OTCQX or the OTCQB operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or any nationally recognized
successor to any of the foregoing), then the Trading Market shall mean such other market or exchange on which the Companys
Common Stock is then listed or traded.

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement and the Lock-Up Agreements, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent
means VStock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York
11598, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

ARTICLE II

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1.
Closing.

(a)
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase, the number of shares of Common Stock set forth under the heading Subscription
Amount on the Purchasers signature page hereto, at the Per Share Purchase Price.

(b)
Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers
Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, the Company shall deliver to each
Purchaser its respective Shares as determined pursuant to Section 2.3(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other
items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections
2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures or such other location as the parties
shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Securities shall occur via Delivery Versus
Payment (DVP) (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the
Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent
identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Securities, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such
Securities to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire
transfer to the Company).

(c)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company
and an applicable Purchaser through, and including the time immediately prior to, the Closing (the Pre-Settlement
Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of any Securities to be issued hereunder to such
Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Securities), such Person shall, automatically
hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be a Purchaser under this
Agreement unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement
Securities to such Purchaser at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement
Securities to such Person prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price for such Pre-Settlement Securities hereunder;
and provided, further, that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees (i) that the foregoing shall not constitute a
representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not such Purchaser will elect to sell any Pre-Settlement Securities
during the Pre-Settlement Period and (ii) that any such decision to sell any Pre-Settlement Securities by such Purchaser shall
solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any.

5 

2.2.
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a legal opinion of Company Counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent;

(iii)
the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief
Financial Officer;

(iv)
a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The
Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to the number of shares
of Common Stock set forth on such Purchasers signature page hereto, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v)
the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act);

(vi)
[Reserved.]

(vii)
an Officers Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent; and

(viii)
a Secretarys Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for DVP settlement with the Company or its designees.

2.3.
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect (as defined below), in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the
Purchasers contained herein (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be
accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

6 

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being
met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such
date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by
Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose
trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by U.S. or
New York State authorities, nor shall there have occurred after the date of this Agreement any material outbreak or escalation of
hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any
financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to
purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and the Disclosure Schedules, which SEC
Reports and Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the
extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following
representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company (each, a Subsidiary, and
collectively, the Subsidiaries) are as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock or equity interests, as applicable, of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid,
non-assessable and free of preemptive rights. There are no outstanding options, warrants, scrips or rights to subscribe to, calls or
commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any capital stock or equity interests, as applicable,
of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue
capital stock or equity interests, as applicable. If the Company has no Subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or
any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has been duly organized and validly exists as a
corporation, limited partnership or company in good standing (or the foreign equivalent thereof, if any) under the laws of its
jurisdiction of organization. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a
foreign or extra-provincial corporation, partnership, company or limited liability company in each jurisdiction in which the
character or location of its properties (owned, leased or licensed) or the nature or conduct of its business makes such
qualification necessary, except for those failures to be so qualified or in good standing which (individually and in the aggregate)
would not have a Material Adverse Effect. No Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or
curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other
organizational or charter documents. The term Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on
(i) the business, general affairs, management, condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, stockholders
equity, assets, properties or prospects of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the legality, validity or
enforceability of any Transaction Document, or (iii) the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely
basis its obligations under any Transaction Document.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on
the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders
in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined below). This Agreement and each
other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company
and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors
rights generally, (ii) as limited by general equitable principles and laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies, and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
applicable law.

7 

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys
certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or
constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of
any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of,
any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other
understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary
is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or
a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the
Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state (including state blue sky law), local or other
governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction
Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.5 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the
Commission of the Prospectus, (iii) notices and/or application(s) to and approvals by each applicable Trading Market for the
listing of the Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) filings required by the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Shares; Qualification; Registration.

(i)
The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company, except for restrictions set
forth in the Transaction Documents. The Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any
security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.

(ii)
The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which
Registration Statement was declared effective on September 23, 2024, including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements
thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act
and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of
the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been
instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and
regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the
Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective as determined under the Securities Act, at the date of this
Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material
respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the
Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued
and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not
and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

Any reference herein to the
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein as of
the date of filing thereof; and any reference herein to any amendment or supplement with respect to any of
the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include (i) the filing of any document with the Commission
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference after the date of filing of such Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus and
(ii) any such document so filed.

8 

All references in this Agreement
to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, or the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing,
shall be deemed to include any copy thereof filed with the Commission on EDGAR.

(g)
Securities Act Compliance. The Registration Statement complies, and the Prospectus and any further amendments or supplements to
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus will comply, in all material respects, with the applicable provisions of the Securities
Act. The Registration Statement, when it became effective, did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its
filing date, and any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.

(h)
No Stop Orders. No order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement or the Preliminary Prospectus has been
issued by the Commission.

(i)
Capitalization. The equity capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the Registration Statement and the SEC Reports as of
the dates indicated therein. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and have
been duly and validly authorized and issued, in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws and not in
violation of or subject to any preemptive or similar right that entitles any person to acquire from the Company any Common Stock or
other security of the Company or any security convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock or any other such
security, except for such rights as may have been fully satisfied or waived prior to the date hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule
3.1(i), or as a result of the issuance and sale of the Securities, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most
recently filed SEC Report. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, or as a result of the issuance and sale of the Securities, the
Company has no outstanding options, warrants, scrips or rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any
right to subscribe for or acquire, any Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
is or may become bound to issue additional Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents and no Person has any right of first refusal,
pre-emptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, except for such rights as may have been fully satisfied or waived prior to the date hereof. The issuance and sale of the
Securities will not obligate the Company to issue Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and
will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any
of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company with any provision that adjusts the exercise,
conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company (other than in
connection with a stock split, recapitalization, or similar transaction). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the
Company that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company is or may become bound to redeem an equity security of the Company. The Company does not have any stock
appreciation rights or phantom share plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding
shares of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in compliance with all
federal and state securities laws where applicable, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval or
authorization of any shareholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of Securities. Except as
set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to
the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the
Companys stockholders.

(j)
Reports. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company
under the Securities Act and Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years preceding the
date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such materials) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension (or waiver from the Commission) of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration
of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

9 

(k)
Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company, including the notes thereto, included or
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus comply in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.
Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
(GAAP) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be otherwise specified in such
financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by
GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and
for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(l)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest consolidated financial
statements included in or incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus,
(i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, (ii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A)
trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and
(B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in
filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting in any material respect, (iv) the
Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed
or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity
securities to any executive officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option or omnibus incentive
plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the
issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has
occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective
businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company
under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at
least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(m)
Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, Proceeding or
investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of
their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority
(federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) that (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) would, if there were an
unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports,
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or executive officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action
involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, which
could result in a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or
contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or executive officer of
the Company.

(n)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its
Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such
Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and
its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive
officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment
contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or
agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does
not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and
its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to
employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in
compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

10 

(o)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under),
nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any
indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its
properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or
order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance
or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to
taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except
in each case of (i), (ii) and (iii) as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(p)
Environmental Law. There has been no storage, generation, transportation, handling, use, treatment, disposal, discharge,
emission, contamination, release or other activity involving any kind of hazardous, toxic or other wastes, pollutants, contaminants,
petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances, chemicals or materials (Hazardous Substances) by,
due to, on behalf of, or caused by the Company or any Subsidiary (or, to the Companys knowledge, any other entity for whose
acts or omissions the Company is or may be liable) upon any property now or previously owned, operated, used or leased by the
Company or any Subsidiary, or upon any other property, that would be a violation of or give rise to any liability under any
applicable law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit, common law provision or other legally binding standard relating
to pollution or protection of human health and the environment (Environmental Law), except for violations and
liabilities which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no disposal,
discharge, emission contamination or other release of any kind at, onto or from any such property or into the environment
surrounding any such property of any Hazardous Substances with respect to which the Company or any Subsidiary has knowledge, except
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending or, to the best of the
Companys knowledge, threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial action, claim or notice of noncompliance or violation,
investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the Company or any Subsidiary, except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. To the best of the Companys knowledge, no property of the
Company or any Subsidiary is subject to any Lien under any Environmental Law, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is subject to any
order, decree, agreement or other individualized legal requirement related to any Environmental Law, that, in any case (individually
or in the aggregate), would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and each Subsidiary has all permits, authorizations and
approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements, except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. In the ordinary course of its business, the Company periodically
reviews the effect of Environmental Laws on the business, operations and properties of the Company and the Subsidiaries and
identifies and evaluates associated costs and liabilities (including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures
required for clean-up, closure or remediation of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws, or any permit, license or
approval, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties). On the basis of such
review, the Company has reasonably concluded that such associated costs and liabilities would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by
them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property
and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and
(ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance
with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities currently held
under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the
Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects.

(r)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the
appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in
the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings
relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

11 

(s)
Intellectual Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, to the
Companys knowledge, the Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use ( or can acquire on reasonable terms), all
patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights,
licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective
businesses as described in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and which the failure to so
have could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property
Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of,
the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned,
within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest financial statements included within or
incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, a written notice of a
claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person or is
aware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not
have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is
no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken
reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where
failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the
Intellectual Property Rights used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in their respective businesses has been obtained or is
being used by the Company or such Subsidiary in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or any of its
subsidiaries in violation of the rights of any person. The Company and its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable steps in
accordance with normal industry practice to protect and maintain the Intellectual Property Rights including, without limitation, the
execution of appropriate nondisclosure and invention assignment agreements. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement will not result in the loss or impairment of, or payment of, and additional amounts with respect to, nor require the
consent of, any other person regarding the Companys or any of its subsidiaries right to own or use any of the
Intellectual Property Rights as owned or used in the conduct of such partys business as currently conducted. To the knowledge
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, no employee of any of the Company or its subsidiaries is the subject of any pending claim or
proceeding involving a violation of any term of any employment contract, invention disclosure agreement, patent disclosure
agreement, noncompetition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or restrictive covenant to or with a former
employer, where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company or its subsidiaries or
actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company or its Subsidiaries. The Company has no knowledge of any facts
that would preclude it from having valid license rights or clear title to the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has no
knowledge that it lacks or will be unable to obtain any rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property Rights that are
necessary to conduct its business.

(t)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged,
including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage
as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
without a significant increase in cost.

(u)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the executive officers or directors
of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is
presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, executive officers
and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing
for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise
requiring payments to or from any executive officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in
which any executive officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee,
stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for
services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or a Subsidiary and (iii) other employee
benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option or omnibus incentive plan of the Company.

12 

(v)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Registration Statement, the
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls
sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or
specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at
reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have
established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the
Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of applicable dates specified under the Exchange Act (such
date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their
evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus, since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is
defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and the Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and the Subsidiaries.

(w)
Certain Fees. Except for fees payable to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be
payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Other than to Persons engaged by
any Purchaser, the Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf
of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents.

(x)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be required to
register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not be required to register as an investment company subject to
registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(y)
Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of
any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary that has not been satisfied or waived prior to the date hereof.

(z)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 of the Exchange Act and
files periodic reports with the Commission; the Common Stock is registered with the Commission under Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act and the Company is not in breach of any filing or other requirements under the Exchange Act. The Company has not received any
notice from that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the
Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date
hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock are or have been listed or quoted to the effect that the
Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as set forth in the SEC
Reports, the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company is, and has no reason to believe
that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The
Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through The Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to The Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing
corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

13 

(aa)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to
render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter
documents) or the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the
Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including
without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the
Securities.

(bb)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or
their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information that
is not otherwise disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers
will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by
or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the
transactions contemplated hereby, including pursuant to the SEC Reports and the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve (12) months preceding the date of this Agreement taken
as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not
misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect
to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(cc)No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any
offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of
the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act, or (ii) except as
set forth in the SEC Reports, any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of
the Company are listed or designated.

(dd)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the
receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys
assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other
liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably
small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into
account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital
requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the
Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be
sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not
intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be
payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it
will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the
Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(bb) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or
any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement,
Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade
accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in
respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance
sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under
leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any
Indebtedness.

14 

(ee)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all U.S. federal, state and local income and
all foreign tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and
other governmental assessments and charges, fines or penalties that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any
material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary
know of no basis for any such claim.

(ff)
Foreign Corrupt Practices; Criminal Acts. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any
Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any
funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity,
(ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political
parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or
made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any
material respect any provision of FCPA.

(gg)
Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is as set forth in the Prospectus. To the
knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange
Act.

(hh)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the
Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary
of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and
any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents
and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company
further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its
representatives.

(ii)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary
notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(e) and 4.15 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the
Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or
short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the
Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including,
without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future securities
offering transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any
Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or
indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to
have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The
Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities (in material
compliance with applicable laws) at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such hedging
activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time
that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not
constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(jj)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf (other than the Placement Agent,
as to which no representation is made) has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the
stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities,
(ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed
to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the
case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent.

15 

(kk)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any Sanctions,
which shall include but are not limited to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S.
Treasury Department (OFAC) and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering
hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or
entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any Sanctions, including but not limited to
U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

(ll)
Stock Option and Omnibus Incentive Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option or
omnibus incentive plan, or as an inducement grant outside of such plan, was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of such plan,
or under its terms, respectively, and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the
date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option or omnibus incentive plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no
Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options
with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or the Subsidiaries or their financial
results or prospects.

(mm)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon
Purchasers request.

(nn)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns or controls, directly or
indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or
more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that
is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in
all material respects with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions
Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder
(collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or
governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money
Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(pp)
Information Technology. The Companys, the Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers,
systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) operate
and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and the
Subsidiaries as currently conducted. The Company, the Subsidiaries maintain commercially reasonable controls, policies, procedures,
and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy
and security of all IT Systems and all personal, personally identifiable, sensitive, confidential or regulated data
(Personal Data) processed and stored thereon, and to the knowledge of the Company, there have been no breaches,
incidents, violations, outages, compromises or unauthorized uses of or accesses to same, except as would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology
consistent with industry standards and practices, and are presently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws
or statutes and all applicable judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to
the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except for any
such noncompliance that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

16 

(qq)
Regulatory. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are and at all times have been in material compliance with all statutes, rules
and regulations applicable to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing,
advertising, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or
distributed by the Company including, without limitation the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), the
federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)), the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as
amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010, the regulations promulgated
pursuant to such laws, and any successor government programs and comparable state laws, regulations relating to Good Clinical
Practices and Good Laboratory Practices and all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws, manual
provisions, policies and administrative guidance relating to the regulation of the Company (collectively, the Applicable
Laws); (ii) have not received any notice from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third
party alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, exemptions, certificates, approvals, clearances,
authorizations, permits, registrations and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws
(Authorizations); (iii) possess all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force
and effect and are not in violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (iv) have not received written notice of any claim,
action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator or
governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any
Applicable Laws or Authorizations nor is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration
or other action threatened; (v) have not received any written notice that any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority has taken, is taking or intends to take, action to limit, suspend, materially modify or revoke any Authorizations nor is
any such limitation, suspension, modification or revocation threatened; (vi) have filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all
material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by
any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims,
submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a
subsequent submission); and (vii) are not a party to any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees,
settlement orders, or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority.

(rr) FDA. As to
each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged,
labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a
Pharmaceutical Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested,
distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules
and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good
manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record
keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no
pending, completed or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or
administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and
none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the FDA or any
other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the
distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical
Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of
advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical
investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of
the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations
of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the
United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as
to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

17 

(ss) Promotional
Stock Activities. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company and none of their respective officers, directors,
managers, affiliates or agents have engaged in any stock promotional activity that could give rise to a complaint, inquiry, or
trading suspension by the SEC alleging: (i) a violation of the anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws;
(ii) violations of the anti-touting provisions; (iii) improper gun-jumping; or (iv) promotion without proper
disclosure of compensation.

3.2.
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which
case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the
Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such
Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such
Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such
Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of
creditors rights generally; (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies; and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or
indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement
or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder
in the ordinary course of its business.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, an
accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12) or (a)(13) under the
Securities Act.

(c)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge,
sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the
prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to
bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such
investment.

(d)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents
(including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports, and has been afforded: (i) the opportunity to ask such questions
as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of
the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company
and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to
evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire
without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.
Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent, nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent, has provided such
Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired.
Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the
Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which such
Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the
Placement Agent, nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

18 

(e)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed
any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that
such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting
forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio
managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the
investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set
forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment
decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such
Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors,
employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with
this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt,
nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty against, or a prohibition of, any actions with respect to the
borrowing of, arrangement to borrow, identification of the availability of, and/or securing of, securities of the Company in order
for such Purchaser (or its broker or other financial representative) to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the
future.

(f)
No Voting Agreements. The Purchaser is not a party to any agreement or arrangement, whether written or oral, between the
Purchaser and any other Purchaser and any of the Companys stockholders as of the date hereof, regulating the management of
the Company, the stockholders rights in the Company, the transfer of shares in the Company, including any voting agreements,
stockholder agreements or any other similar agreement, even if its title is different or has any other relations or agreements with
any of the Companys stockholders, directors or officers.

(g)
Brokers. No agent, broker, investment banker, person or firm acting in a similar capacity on behalf of or under the authority of
the Purchaser is or will be entitled to any brokers or finders fee or any other commission or similar fee, directly or
indirectly, for which the Company or any of its Affiliates after the Closing could have any liabilities in connection with this
Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or on account of any action taken by the Purchaser in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(h)
Independent Advice. Each Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf
of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice.

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right
to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained
in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, except as set forth in this Agreement, with respect to
locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE
PARTIES

4.1.
Legends. The Shares shall be issued free of legends.

4.2.
Furnishing of Information; Public Information.

(a)
Until the earlier of the time that the Purchasers no longer own any of the Securities, the Company covenants to timely file (or
obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company
after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act.

19 

(b)
At any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof, and ending at such time that all of
the Shares may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without
restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public
information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes an issuer in the
future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure)
then, in addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial
liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Shares, an amount in
cash equal to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Subscription Amount with respect to the Shares on the day of a Public Information
Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a)
the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the
Purchasers to transfer the Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which the Purchasers shall be entitled pursuant to this
Section 4.2(b) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure
Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure
Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure
Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public
Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full.
Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and such
Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of
specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4.3.
Furnishing of Information; Public Information. Until the time that no Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to
maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act, even if the Company is not then subject to
the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, except in the event that the Company consummates (a) any transaction or series of
related transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities of the
Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company; (b) a merger or reorganization of the
Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; or (c) a sale of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company, where the consummation of such transaction results in the Company no longer subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3.
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any
security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for
purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of
such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4.
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time issue a press release disclosing the
material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction
Documents that are required to be filed as exhibits thereto as deemed by Company Counsel, with the Commission within the time
required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it
shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the
Company, any of the Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, including without
limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company and each Purchaser
shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither
the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior
consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with
respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure
is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public
statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or
include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or applicable Trading Market, without
the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final
Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by applicable law or Trading Market
regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause
(b).

20 

4.6.
Stockholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.7.
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.5, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any
other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the
Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented
to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and
confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To
the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the
Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of the
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of the
Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such
material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice
provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or
any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such material non-public information on
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be
relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.8.
Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company shall use the net proceeds
from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital and general corporate purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a)
for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables and accrued liabilities in the
ordinary course of the Companys business and repayment of obligations outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and
consistent with prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, or (c) in violation of
FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.9.
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.9, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, stockholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls
such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors,
officers, stockholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a
Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a
Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages,
costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs
of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur caused by or based upon (a) any material breach of any of the
representations or warranties made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents, (b) any action
instituted against a Purchaser Party in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the
Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents (except to the extent such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any
such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party that is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be
brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party
shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its
own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in
any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such
Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y)
the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action
there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the applicable Purchaser Party, a material conflict on any material issue between
the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the
reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under
this Agreement (1) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability
is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by
such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.9 shall
be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
or are incurred; provided, that if any Purchaser Party is finally judicially determined not to be entitled to indemnification or
payment under this Section 4.9, such Purchaser Party shall promptly reimburse the Company for any payments that are advanced under
this sentence. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any
Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

21 

4.10.[Reserved.]

4.11.
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or
quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company
shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares on such
Trading Market to the extent required by the rules of such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to
have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares, and will take
such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as
possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a
Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or
rules of the Trading Market. For so long as the Company maintains a listing or quotation of the Common Stock on a Trading Market,
the Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment
of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic
transfer.

4.12. [Reserved.]

4.13.
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or
paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same
consideration is also offered to all of the parties to such Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision
constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended
for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a
group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Shares or otherwise.

4.14.
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales,
including Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement
and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial
press release as described in Section 4.5. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until
such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press
release as described in Section 4.5, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction
and the information included in this Agreement, including the schedules hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any
representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after
the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.5, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of
the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.5 and (iii) no Purchaser
shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or the Subsidiaries
after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a
Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such
Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio
managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the
portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this
Agreement.

4.15.[Reserved.]

4.16.[Reserved.]

22 

4.17. [Reserved.]

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1.
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and
without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other
parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided,
however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2.
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to
the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees
(including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any
exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser). The Company shall pay any issuance, stamp or documentary taxes (other than transfer
taxes) or charges imposed by any governmental body, agency or official (other than income taxes) by reason of the issuance of Shares
to the Purchasers.

5.3.
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Preliminary Prospectus, and
the Prospectus contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede
all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been
merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4.
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m.
(New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a
Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of
mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice
is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto.

5.5.
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written
instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers that purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the
Securities based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the
case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment,
modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such
disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or at least 50.1% in interest of such group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver
of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver
in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall
any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed
amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative
to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected
Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities
and the Company. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

23 

5.6.
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any
Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with
respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the
Purchasers.

5.8.
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the
Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any
provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.9 and this Section 5.8.

5.9.
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party
hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced
exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any
dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect
to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action
or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or
proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of
process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall
commence an suit, action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations
of the Company under Section 4.9, the prevailing party in such suit, action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing
party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and
prosecution of such suit, action or proceeding.

5.10.
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for
the applicable statute of limitations.

5.11.
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other
party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by
e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, by other electronic signing created on an electronic platform (such as
DocuSign) or by digital signing (such as Adobe Sign), such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf or other
electronic or digital signature page were an original thereof.

24 

5.12.
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein
shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use
their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result
as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of
the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such
that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13.
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar
provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a
Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such
Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice,
demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.14.
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of
mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such
circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such
replacement Securities.

5.15.
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree
that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the
Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the
defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16.
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction
Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such
enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any
other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause
of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be
revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not
occurred.

5.17.
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the
performance or nonperformance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or
in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute
the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the
Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without
limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for
any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by
its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience
only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through ArentFox Schiff LLP, the legal
counsel of the Placement Agent, and ArentFox Schiff LLP, as legal counsel of the Placement Agent, does not represent any of the
Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and
Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the
Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction
Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between
and among the Purchasers.

25 

5.18.
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the
Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages
and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated
damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19.
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next
succeeding Trading Day.

5.20.
Currency. Unless otherwise stated, all dollar amounts and references to $ in this Agreement refer to the lawful
currency of the United States.

5.21.
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved
against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In
addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to
adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common
Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.22.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE
PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow) 

26 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

ACLARION, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for Notice:

Aclarion, Inc.

8181 Arista Place

Suite 100

Broomfield, Colorado 80021

Attention: Chief Financial Officer

Email: jlorbiecki@aclarion.com

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Carroll Legal LLC

1449 Wynkoop Street

Suite 507

Denver, CO 80202

Attention: James H. Carroll, Esq.

Email: jcarroll@carroll.legal

27 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: ______________________________________ 

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:______________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser: 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice): 

_________________________

_________________________

_________________________

DWAC for Shares: 

Subscription Amount: $

Shares: 

EIN Number: ____________________ 

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company
to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing
shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated
by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any
agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an
unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the
like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

28 

Schedule 3.1(a)

Subsidiaries

None.

29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>acon_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT

Dawson James Securities, Inc.

101 North Federal Highway

Suite 600

Boca Raton, FL 33432

January 3, 2025

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (this Agreement)
constitutes the agreement between Aclarion, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Dawson James Securities,
Inc. (Dawson) pursuant to which Dawson shall serve as the placement agent (the Placement Agent),
for the Company, on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the proposed offer and placement (the Offering)
by the Company of its Securities (as defined Section 3 of this Agreement) under the Registration Statement (as defined below). The Company
expressly acknowledges and agrees that Dawsons obligations hereunder are on a reasonable best efforts basis only
and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment by Dawson to purchase the Securities and does not ensure the
successful placement of the Securities or any portion thereof or the success of Dawson placing the Securities. The terms of the Offering
and the Securities shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Purchasers and nothing herein constitutes that the Placement Agent
would have the power or authority to bind the Company or any Purchaser or an obligation for the Company to issue any Securities or complete
the Offering. This Agreement and the documents, if any, executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchasers in connection with the
Offering shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents.

1. Appointment of Dawson James Securities, Inc. as Exclusive Placement Agent. 

On the basis of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the
Company hereby appoints the Placement Agent as its exclusive placement agent in connection with a distribution of its Securities to be
offered and sold by the Company pursuant to a registration statement (the Registration Statement) filed under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) on Form S-3 (File No. 333-281999), and Dawson agrees to act
as the Companys exclusive Placement Agent (the Services). Pursuant to this appointment, the Placement Agent
will solicit offers for the purchase of or attempt to place all or part of the Securities of the Company in the proposed Offering. Until
the final Closing (as defined below) or earlier upon termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 5 hereof, the Company shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, solicit or accept offers to purchase the Securities other than through the Placement
Agent. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent will act as an agent of the Company and use its reasonable best efforts
to solicit offers to purchase the Securities from the Company on the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth in the Prospectus
(as defined below). The Placement Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Company in obtaining performance by each
Purchaser whose offer to purchase Securities has been solicited by the Placement Agent, but the Placement Agent shall not, except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, be obligated to disclose the identity of any potential purchaser or have any liability to the Company in the
event any such purchase is not consummated for any reason. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent be obligated to underwrite
or purchase any Securities for its own account and, in soliciting purchases of the Securities, the Placement Agent shall act solely as
an agent of the Company. The Services provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be on an agency basis and not on a principal
basis.

The Placement Agent will solicit
offers for the purchase of the Securities in the Offering at such times and in such amounts as the Placement Agent deems advisable. The
Company shall have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Securities and may reject any such offer, in whole or in part. The Placement
Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents on its behalf in connection with the Offering and may pay any sub-agent
a solicitation fee with respect to any Securities placed by it. The Company and Placement Agent shall negotiate the timing and terms of
the Offering and acknowledge that the Offering and the provision of Placement Agent services related to the Offering are subject to market
conditions and the receipt of all required related clearances and approvals.

1 

2. Fees; Expenses; Other Arrangements.

A.Placement Agents Fee. As compensation for services rendered, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent in cash
by wire transfer in immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated by the Placement Agent an amount (the Placement
Fee) equal to seven percent (7.0%) of the aggregate gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Securities
in the Offering, at the closing (the Closing and the date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing Date).
The Placement Agent may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date the Placement Fee set
forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent.

B.[Reserved.]

C.Offering Expenses. The Company will be responsible for and will pay all expenses relating to the Offering, including, without
limitation, (a) all filing fees and expenses relating to the registration of the Securities with the Commission; (b) all FINRA Public
Offering filing fees; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Companys common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market;
(d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of the Securities under the blue sky
securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as Dawson may reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all filing and
registration fees, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of blue sky counsel, which will be Placement Agents
counsel it being agreed that such fees and expenses of Dawsons counsel will be $10,000); (e) all fees, expenses and disbursements
relating to the registration, qualification or exemption of the Securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as
Dawson may reasonably designate; (f) the costs of all mailing and printing of the Offering documents; (g) transfer and/or stamp taxes,
if any, payable upon the transfer of Securities from the Company to Investors; (h) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants;
and (i) road show expenses, diligence expenses, and reasonable legal fees of Dawsons counsel and not to exceed in
the aggregate $45,000.

D.[Reserved.]

3. Description of the Offering. 

The Securities to be offered
directly to various investors (each, an Investor or Purchaser and, collectively, the Investors
or the Purchasers) in the Offering shall consist of shares of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (Common
Stock or Shares or the Securities). The purchase price shall be $0.142 per Share
(the Purchase Price). If the Company shall default in its obligations to deliver Securities to a Purchaser whose
offer it has accepted and who has tendered payment, the Company shall indemnify and hold the Placement Agent harmless against any loss,
claim, damage or expense arising from or as a result of such default by the Company under this Agreement.

4. Delivery and Payment; Closing.

Unless otherwise agreed in
writing by the Placement Agent and the Company, settlement of the Securities purchased by an Investor shall be made by 5:00 p.m. on the
Closing Date by wire transfer from the Placement Agent in federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the Company after electronic
delivery of the Shares via the DWAC system (or such other method agreed to by the parties) in accordance with the Placement Agents
instructions as requested in writing prior to the Closing Date. The term Business Day means any day other than a
Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York,
New York.

The Closing shall occur at
such place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company. In the absence of an agreement to the contrary, each Closing
shall take place at the offices of ArentFox Schiff LLP, 1717 K Street, NW, Washington, DC 20006. Deliveries of the documents with respect
to the purchase of the Securities, if any, shall be made at the offices of ArentFox Schiff LLP, 1717 K Street, NW, Washington, DC 20006
on the Closing Date. All actions taken at a Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

2 

5. Term and Termination of Agreement. 

The term of this Agreement
will commence upon the execution of this Agreement and will automatically terminate at the earlier of the Closing of the Offering or 11:59
p.m. (New York Time) on January 31, 2025. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any provision in this Agreement concerning
or relating to confidentiality, indemnification, contribution, advancement, the Companys representations and warranties and the
Companys obligations to pay fees and reimburse expenses will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. If any condition
specified in Section 8 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Placement Agent
by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party
to any other party, except that those portions of this Agreement specified in Section 19 shall at all times be effective and shall survive
such termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried
out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall
be obligated to pay to the Placement Agent the expenses provided for in Section 2.B. above and upon demand the Company shall pay the full
amount thereof to the Placement Agent.

6. Permitted Acts.

Nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed to limit the ability of the Placement Agent, its officers, directors, employees, agents, associated persons and any
individual or entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Placement Agent (as
those terms are defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) to conduct its business including without limitation the ability to pursue,
investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage in investment banking, financial advisory or any other business relationship with any individual
or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock
company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

7. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company.

As of the date and time of
the execution of this Agreement, the Closing Date and the Initial Sale Time (as defined herein), the Company represents, warrants and
covenants to the Placement Agent, other than as disclosed in any of its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission),
that:

A.Registration Matters.

i. The Company has filed the Registration Statement with the Commission, including a prospectus, for the
registration of the Securities under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Securities Act Regulations).
The registration statement has been declared effective under the Securities Act by the Commission. The Registration Statement,
as of any time, means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto to such time, including the exhibits
and any schedules thereto at such time, the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant
to Form S-3 under the Securities Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B under
the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 430B); provided, however, that the Registration Statement
without reference to a time means such registration statement as amended by any post-effective amendments thereto as of the time of the
first contract of sale for the Securities, which time shall be considered the new effective date of such registration statement
with respect to the Securities within the meaning of paragraph (f)(2) of Rule 430B, including the exhibits and schedules thereto as of
such time, the documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein at such time pursuant to Form S-3 under the Securities
Act and the documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430B. The term Preliminary Prospectus
means any preliminary form of the Prospectus, including any preliminary prospectus supplement specifically related to the Securities filed
with the Commission by the Company with the consent of the Placement Agent.

3 

ii. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is
contained, included or stated (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement,
any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to include all such financial statements and schedules and other information
incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, such Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the
case may be, prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements
to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing of any document under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder (the
Exchange Act Regulations), incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
such Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, at or after the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

iii. The term Disclosure Package means (i) the Preliminary Prospectus, as most recently
amended or supplemented immediately prior to the Initial Sale Time (as defined herein), and (ii) the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses
(as defined below), if any, identified in Schedule I hereto.

iv. The term Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus,
as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations. The term Free Writing Prospectus means any free writing
prospectus, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations.

v. Any Preliminary Prospectus when filed with the Commission, and the Registration Statement as of each effective
date and as of the date hereof, complied or will comply, and the Prospectus and any further amendments or supplements to the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus will, when they become effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case
may be, comply, in all material respects, with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations; and the documents
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus complied, and any further documents
so incorporated will comply, when filed with the Commission, in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and Exchange
Act Regulations.

vi. The issuance by the Company of the Securities has been registered under the Securities Act. The Securities
will be issued pursuant to the Registration Statement and each of the Securities will be freely transferable and freely tradable by each
of the Investors without restriction, unless otherwise restricted by applicable law or regulation.

B.Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock is approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange)
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the shares of Common Stock from the Exchange,
nor has the Company, except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Package, received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating
terminating such listing.

C.No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Company's knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any
order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted or,
to the Company's knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied with each
request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

D.Subsidiaries. The Company's subsidiaries have been duly incorporated and are validly existing as entities in good standing
under the laws of jurisdictions of their respective organization, with power and authority to own, lease and operate their respective
properties and conduct their respective businesses as described in the Preliminary Prospectus, and have been duly qualified as foreign
corporations for the transaction of business and are in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdictions in which they own or
lease properties or conduct any business so as to require such qualification, except where the failure so to qualify or be in good standing
would not have a Material Adverse Change (as defined below); all of the issued and outstanding capital stock (or other ownership interests)
of such subsidiaries has been duly and validly authorized and issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and is owned, directly and indirectly,
by the Company free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity. Unless otherwise set forth,
all references in this Section 7 to the Company shall include references to all such subsidiaries.

4 

E.Disclosures in Registration Statement.

i. Compliance with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation. 

(a)Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus,
at the time each was or will be filed with the Commission, complied or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. The Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Placement Agent for use in connection with
this Offering and the Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant
to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(b) None of the Registration
Statement, any amendment thereto, or the Preliminary Prospectus, as of 3:30 p.m. (Eastern time) on January 3, 2025 (the Initial
Sale Time), and at the Closing Date, contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted,
omits or will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading;
provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and
in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Placement Agent by the Placement Agent expressly
for use in the Registration Statement or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information
provided by or on behalf of any Placement Agent consists solely of the following disclosure contained in the following paragraphs in
the Plan of Distribution section of the Prospectus: (i) the name of the Placement Agent, and (ii) the information under
the subsection Fees and Expenses (the Placement Agents Information).

(c)The Disclosure Package, as of the Initial Sale Time and at the Closing Date, did not, does not and will not include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus does not conflict with the information contained in
the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, or the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented
by and taken together with the Preliminary Prospectus as of the Initial Sale Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted
in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Placement Agent by the Placement
Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of any Placement Agent consists solely of the
Placement Agents Information; and

(d)Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto, as of its issue date, at the time of any filing with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b), or at the Closing Date, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted,
omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to the Placement Agent's
Information.

5 

ii. Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are
no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that
have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a
party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, and (ii) is material to the Company's business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in
full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Company's knowledge, the other parties
thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar
laws affecting creditors' rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited
under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable
relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.
None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Company's knowledge, any
other party is in default thereunder and, to the Company's knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving
of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus. To the Company's knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will
not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity),
including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

iii. Prior Securities Transactions. For the past three completed fiscal years through the date hereof,
no securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, by or on behalf of, or for the benefit
of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Preliminary Prospectus or, with respect to parties other than the Company, other filings by
such other persons with the Commission.

iv. Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
concerning the effects of federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Offering and the Company's business as currently contemplated
are correct in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

v. Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

(a) No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been
no material adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, nor any change or development that, singularly
or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations,
business, assets or prospects of the Company (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no material transactions
entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no officer or director of the Company has
resigned from any position with the Company.

(b) Recent Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information
is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated
herein or disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities
(other than (a) grants under any stock compensation plan and (b) shares of common stock issued upon exercise or conversion of options,
warrants or convertible securities described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus) or incurred any
liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution
on or in respect to its capital stock.

6 

F.Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, each of Haynie & Company and CohnReznick LLP, during such
time as it was engaged by the Company (the Auditors), has been an independent registered public accounting firm as
required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. During such time
period in which the Auditors served as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm the Auditors did not or have not, during
the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided
to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

G.SEC Reports; Financial Statements, etc. The Company has complied in all material respects with requirements to file all
reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in
all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as
in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified
in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required
by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of and
for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments that are not expected to be material in the aggregate. The financial statements, including the notes
thereto and supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present in
all material respects the financial position and the results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they
apply; and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, consistently applied throughout the periods involved
(provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are not expected to be material in
the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement
present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein. Except as included therein, no historical or pro
forma financial statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus under the
Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and the related notes,
if any, included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been properly compiled and prepared in
all material respects in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and present
fairly in all material respects the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and
the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures
contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures
(as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item
10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other
relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Company's
financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant
components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (a)
the Company has not incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any material transactions
other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends or made any distribution of any
kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the Company (other than (i) grants under
any stock compensation plan and (ii) shares of common stock issued upon exercise or conversion of option, warrants or convertible securities
described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus), and (d) there has not been any Material Adverse
Change in the Company's long-term or short-term debt.

7 

H.Authorized Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions
stated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted
stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date, as of the Initial Sale Time, on the Closing Date, there will be no stock options, warrants,
or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued shares of Common Stock of the Company or any security convertible
or exercisable into shares of Common Stock of the Company, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell shares of Common Stock or
any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

I.Valid Issuance of Securities, etc.

i.Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights
of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive
rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized shares of Common
Stock, Company preferred stock and other outstanding securities conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws
or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such shares, exempt from such registration requirements.

ii.Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Common Stock sold in the Offering has been duly authorized for issuance
and sale and, when issued and paid for, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not
be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and the Common Stock is not and will not be subject to the preemptive
rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. All corporate action required
to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Common Stock has been duly and validly taken. The Securities conform in all
material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

J.Reserved.

K.Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Transaction Documents have been duly and validly authorized
by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with its respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be
limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may
be brought.

L.No Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and
all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the
Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i)
result in a material breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result
in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company
pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of
the Company's Certificate of Incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Charter)
or the by-laws of the Company (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Bylaws); or (iii) violate
any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof.

8 

M.Reserved. 

N.No Defaults; Violations. No material default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition
of any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument
evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which
the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not (i) in violation of
any term or provision of its Charter or Bylaws, or (ii) in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation,
judgment or decree of any Governmental Entity applicable to the Company.

O.Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

i.Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has all requisite corporate
power and authority, and, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, has all necessary authorizations,
approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of
the date hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

ii.The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof,
and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization
or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery of the
Common Stock, and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Placement Agent Warrants, and the consummation of the transactions and agreements
contemplated by this Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except with
respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. (FINRA).

P.Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no material action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation,
litigation or governmental proceeding pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the
Company's knowledge, any executive officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus or in connection with the Company's listing application for the additional listing of the Common Stock on the Exchange.

Q.Good Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation
and is in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in
good standing in each other jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification,
except where the failure to qualify, singularly or in the aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Change.

R.Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with, to the Company's knowledge, reputable
insurers, and in such amounts and covering such risks which the Company believes are reasonably adequate, and all such insurance is in
full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and
when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct
its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

9 

S.Transactions Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

i.Finder's Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no
claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finder's, consulting or origination fee by the
Company or any executive officer or director of the Company (each an, Insider) with respect to the sale of the Securities
hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Company's knowledge, any of its stockholders
that may affect the Placement Agents compensation, as determined by FINRA.

ii.Payments Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finder's fee, consulting
fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or
provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association
with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the date hereof, other than (A) the payment to the Placement Agent as provided
hereunder in connection with the Offering, and (B) other payments to the Placement Agent under other engagement letters.

iii.Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member
or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

iv.FINRA Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) to the Companys knowledge, beneficial
owner of 5% or more of any class of the Company's securities or (iii) to the Companys knowledge, beneficial owner of the Company's
unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180-day period immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement
that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules
and regulations of FINRA).

v.Information. To the Company's knowledge, all information provided by the Company's officers and directors in their FINRA
Questionnaires to counsel to the Placement Agent specifically for use by counsel to the Placement Agent in connection with its Public
Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all material respects.

T.Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any other person acting on behalf of the Company, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give
any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer,
supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any Governmental Entity or any political party or candidate
for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or
assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) would subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil,
criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, would have had a Material Adverse Change or (iii) if
not continued in the future, would adversely affect the assets, business, operations or prospects of the Company. The Company has taken
reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects
with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

U.Compliance with OFAC. Neither of the Company nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or
affiliate of the Company or any other person acting on behalf of the Company, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC), and the Company will not knowingly,
directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any
subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject
to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

10 

V.Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material
respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of
1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related
or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect
to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

W.Officers' Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you or to Placement
Agent Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters covered thereby.

X.Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any
other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have not been described
as required.

Y.Board of Directors. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board
comply with the Exchange Act, the Exchange Act Regulations, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act) applicable to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board
of Directors of the Company qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K
and the listing rules of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent,
as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

Z.Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.

i.The Company has developed and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that will comply with Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15
under the Exchange Act Regulations applicable to it, and such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information
concerning the Company will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Company's Exchange
Act filings and other public disclosure documents.

ii.The Company is, or at the Initial Sale Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and taken reasonable steps to ensure the Company's
future compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

AA.Accounting Controls. The Company maintains systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined
under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange
Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company is not aware of any material
weaknesses in its internal controls. The Auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company have been advised of:
(i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses, if any, in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting
which are known to the Company's management and that have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company'
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud, if any, known to the Company's management,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company's internal controls over
financial reporting.

11 

BB.No Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds
thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an
investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

CC.No Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent,
except where such dispute would not be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

DD.Intellectual Property Rights. To the Company's knowledge, the Company has, or can acquire on reasonable terms, ownership
of and/or license to, or otherwise has the right to use, all inventions, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or
unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures), patents and patent rights trademarks, service marks and
trade names, copyrights, (collectively Intellectual Property) material to carrying on its business as described in
the Prospectus. The Company has not received any correspondence relating to (A) infringement or misappropriation of, or conflict with,
any Intellectual Property of a third party; (B) asserted rights of others with respect to any Intellectual Property of the Company;
or (C) assertions that any Intellectual Property of the Company is invalid or otherwise inadequate to protect the interest of the Company,
that in each case (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding), individually or in the aggregate, would have or would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. There are no third parties who have been able to establish any material rights
to any Intellectual Property, except for the retained rights of the owners or licensors of any Intellectual Property that is licensed
to the Company. There is no pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others: (A) challenging
the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property of the Company or (B) challenging the Company's rights in or to any
Intellectual Property or (C) that the Company materially infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates or conflicts with any Intellectual
Property or other proprietary rights of others. The Company has complied in all material respects with the terms of each agreement described
in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or Prospectus pursuant to which any Intellectual Property is licensed to the Company,
and all such agreements related to products currently made or sold by the Company, or to product candidates currently under development,
are in full force and effect. All patents issued in the name of, or assigned to, the Company, and all patent applications made by or on
behalf of the Company (collectively, the Company Patents) have been duly and properly filed. The Company is not aware
of any material information that was required to be disclosed to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the PTO)
but that was not disclosed to the PTO with respect to any issued Company Patent, or that is required to be disclosed and has not yet been
disclosed in any pending application in the Company Patents and that would preclude the grant of a patent on such application. To the
Company's knowledge, the Company is the sole owner of the Company Patents.

EE.Taxes. The Company has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to
the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined)
shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the Company, except for such exceptions
as could not be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Change. The provisions for taxes payable, if any,
shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes,
whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed
in writing to the Placement Agent, (i) no issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with
any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from the Company, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns
or collection of taxes have been given by or requested from the Company. The term taxes mean all federal, state, local,
foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service,
service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties
or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional
amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements and other documents
required to be filed in respect to taxes.

FF.Employee Benefit Laws. To the extent applicable, the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted
at all times in material compliance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder
and any applicable related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively,
the Employee Benefit Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority
or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or its subsidiaries with respect to the Employee Benefit Laws is pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened.

12 

GG.Compliance with Laws. The Company: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all Applicable Laws, except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; (B) has not received any correspondence
from any Governmental Entity alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any Authorizations; (C) possesses all material
Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and the Company is not in material violation of any term
of any such Authorizations, in each case except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Change; (D) has not received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration
or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable
Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity or third party is considering any such claim, litigation,
arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received written notice that any Governmental Entity has taken, is
taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations; (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted
all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required
by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions
and supplements or amendments were complete and correct in all material respects on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented
by a subsequent submission); and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted, or issued or caused to be initiated,
conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert, post-sale warning, dear doctor letter,
or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product or any alleged product defect or violation
and, to the Company's knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any such notice or action.

HH.FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured,
packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical
Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by
the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration,
investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices,
good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure
to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened,
action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation)
against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter
or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration,
or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and
promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws
or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical
hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and
which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company
have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. 
The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any
product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing
for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

II.Industry Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate
or represent the Company's good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

JJ.Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed
without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

13 

KK.Margin Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will
be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring
any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any
of the shares of Common Stock to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal
Reserve Board.

LL.Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly
or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
the Offering to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration
of any such securities under the Securities Act.

MM.Confidentiality and Non-Competition. To the Company's knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the
Company is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or
prior employer that could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the Company
or be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

NN. Right of First Refusal.
During the period ending 30 days after the Closing Date, if and only
if the closing of the purchase of the Securities hereunder actually occurs, the Company grants the Placement Agent the right of first
refusal to act as lead or joint-lead investment banker, lead or joint-lead book runner and/or lead or joint placement agent at the Representatives
discretion, for each and every future registered public of the Companys equity securities (excluding any equity line offering)
on terms customary to the Placement Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the 30-day period described above, if the Company makes
any registered public offering of the Companys equity securities (excluding any equity line offerings), the Placement Agent shall
be permitted to participate at least at a 50% level as a placement agent or underwriter for such offering and shall be entitled to receive
as its compensation at least 50% of the compensation payable to the underwriters or placement agents.

OO.[Reserved.]

PP.[Reserved.]

8. Conditions of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. 

The obligations of the Placement
Agent hereunder shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section
7 hereof, in each case as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the
Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of the following additional conditions: 

A.Regulatory Matters.

i.Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Rule 424 Information. The Registration Statement is effective on the date of this
Agreement, and, on the Closing Date no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
thereto has been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus
has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge,
contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information. All
filings with the Commission required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act to have been filed by the Closing Date, shall have been made
within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424.

14 

ii.FINRA Clearance. If and to the extent required under applicable FINRA rules, on or before the Closing Date of this Agreement,
the Placement Agent shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Placement Agent
as described in the Registration Statement.

iii.Listing of Additional Shares. On or before the Closing Date of this Agreement, the Company shall have submitted to Nasdaq
Capital Market the Companys application for the additional listing of the securities sold in the Offering.

B.Company Counsel Matters.

i.On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received the favorable opinion of Carroll Legal LLC, outside counsel for the
Company, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Placement Agent, substantially in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Placement Agent.

C. Comfort Letter. At the Closing Date, a cold comfort letter, addressed to the Placement Agent and
in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Placement Agent from the Companys auditor dated as of the date of this
Agreement accompanied by a bring-down letter dated as of the Closing Date.

D.Officers Certificates.

i.Officers Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent a certificate, dated the Closing Date,
of its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer stating that (i) such officers have carefully examined the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement
and each amendment thereto, as of the Initial Sale Time and through the Closing Date did not include any untrue statement of a material
fact and did not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
and the Disclosure Package, as of the Initial Sale Time through the Closing Date, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and
as of the Closing Date, the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of the respective date thereof and as of the Closing
Date, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the filing of the most recent
Form 10-Q, no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus, other than those events set forth in the Companys Current Reports on Form 8-K filed after the date of
the most recent Form 10-Q, (iii) to their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date, the representations and warranties
of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on
its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date, and (iv) there has not been, subsequent to the date of
the most recent audited financial statements included in the Disclosure Package, any Material Adverse Change in the financial position
or results of operations of the Company, or any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a Material Adverse
Change or a prospective Material Adverse Change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business,
assets or prospects of the Company, except as set forth in the Prospectus.

ii.Secretarys Certificate. As of the Closing Date the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Company
signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date, certifying: (i) that each of the Companys Charter and Bylaws is
true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors
relating to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; and (iii) the good standing of the Company and
its U.S. subsidiaries. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

15 

E.No Material Changes. Prior to and on the Closing Date: (i) there shall have been no Material Adverse Change or development
involving a prospective Material Adverse Change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the
Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus;
(ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any affiliates of
the Company before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company,
except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued
under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which
are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in all material
respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

F.[Reserved.]

G.[Reserved.].

H.Additional Documents. At the Closing Date, Placement Agent Counsel shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions
as they may reasonably require in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any
of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities
as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement Agent and Placement Agent Counsel.

9. Indemnification and Contribution; Procedures. 

A.Indemnification of the Placement Agent. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its affiliates
and each person controlling such Placement Agent (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers,
agents and employees of the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each such controlling person (the Placement Agent, and each such entity
or person hereafter is referred to as an Indemnified Person) from and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments,
assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities), and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person
for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement) (collectively, the Expenses) and agrees to advance payment of such Expenses as they are
incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any actions, whether or not any Indemnified Person
is a party thereto, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (i)
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
(as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval
of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road show or investor presentations made
to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document or written communication
(in this Section 9, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished
by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission,
any state securities commission or agency, any national securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, the Placement Agents
information. The Company also agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Person for all Expenses as they are reasonably incurred in connection
with such Indemnified Persons enforcement of his or its rights under this Agreement. Each Indemnified Person is an intended third
party beneficiary with the same rights to enforce the indemnification that each Indemnified Person would have if he was a party to this
Agreement.

16 

B.Procedure. Upon receipt by an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an action against such Indemnified Person with respect
to which indemnity, contribution or advancement of expenses may reasonably be expected to be sought under this Agreement, such Indemnified
Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified Person so to notify the Company shall not
relieve the Company from any obligation or liability which the Company may have on account of this Section 9 or otherwise to such Indemnified
Person, except to the extent (and only to the extent) that its ability to assume the defense is actually
impaired by such failure or delay. The Company shall, if requested by the Placement Agent, assume the defense of any such action
(including the employment of counsel and reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent). Any Indemnified Person shall have the right
to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall
be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel for
the benefit of the Placement Agent and the other Indemnified Persons or (ii) such Indemnified Person shall have been advised that in the
opinion of counsel that there is an actual or potential conflict of interest that prevents (or makes it imprudent for) the counsel engaged
by the Company for the purpose of representing the Indemnified Person, to represent both such Indemnified Person and any other person
represented or proposed to be represented by such counsel, it being understood, however, that the Company
shall not be liable for the expenses of more than one separate counsel (together with local
counsel), representing the Placement Agent and all Indemnified persons who are parties to such action.
The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably
withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, settle, compromise or consent
to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement,
indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement,
compromise, consent or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person, acceptable to such Indemnified Party,
from all Liabilities arising out of such action for which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder and (ii) does not include
a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. The advancement,
reimbursement, indemnification and contribution obligations of the Company required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount
thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as every Liability and Expense is incurred and is due and payable, and in such
amounts as fully satisfy each and every Liability and Expense as it is incurred (and in no event later than 30 days following the date
of any invoice therefor).

C.Indemnification of the Company. The Placement Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its
officers who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all Liabilities, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged
untrue statements or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or Prospectus or
any amendment or supplement thereto, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, the Placement Agents Information. In case
any action shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, and in respect of which indemnity may be sought
against the Placement Agent, the Placement Agent shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each other
person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to the Placement Agent by the provisions of Section 9.B. The Company agrees
promptly to notify the Placement Agent of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers,
directors or any person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the
Exchange Act, in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, provided, that failure by the Company
so to notify the Placement Agent shall not relieve the Placement Agent from any obligation or liability which the Placement Agent may
have on account of this Section 9.C. or otherwise to the Company, except to the extent the Placement Agent is materially prejudiced as
a proximate result of such failure.

17 

D.Contribution. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction makes a finding that indemnity is unavailable to any indemnified
person, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such indemnified person in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any
other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately
preceding clause is not permitted by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the
one hand, and the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such
Liabilities or Expenses relate, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute
less than the amount necessary to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses
in excess of the amount of commissions actually received by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement. The relative fault shall be
determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged
omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company on the one hand or the Placement Agent on the other and
the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
The Company and the Placement Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this subsection (D) were
determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred
to above in this subsection (D). For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement
Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as: (a) the total
value received by the Company in the Offering, whether or not such Offering is consummated, bears to (b) the commissions paid to the Placement
Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

E.Limitation. The Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in
contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified
Person pursuant to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection
with any such advice, services or transactions, except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction has made a finding that Liabilities
(and related Expenses) of the Company have resulted primarily from such Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct
in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions or services.

F.Survival. The advancement, reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations set forth in this Section 9 shall remain
in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons services under or in connection
with, this Agreement. Each Indemnified Person is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 9, and has the right to enforce the
provisions of Section 9 as if he/she/it was a party to this Agreement.

10. Limitation of the Placement Agents Liability to the Company. 

The Placement Agent and the
Company further agree that neither the Placement Agent nor any of its affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, controlling
persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act), employees or agents shall have any
liability to the Company, its security holders or creditors, or any person asserting claims on behalf of or in the right of the Company
(whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort, for an act of negligence or otherwise) for any losses, fees, damages, liabilities, costs,
expenses or equitable relief arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services rendered hereunder, except for losses, fees,
damages, liabilities, costs or expenses that arise out of or are based on any action of or failure to act by the Placement Agent and that
are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Placement Agent.

18 

11. Limitation of Engagement to the Company. 

The Company acknowledges that
the Placement Agent has been retained only by the Company, that the Placement Agent is providing services hereunder as an independent
contractor (and not in any fiduciary or agency capacity) and that the Companys engagement of the Placement Agent is not deemed
to be on behalf of, and is not intended to confer rights upon, any shareholder, owner or partner of the Company or any other person not
a party hereto as against the Placement Agent or any of its affiliates, or any of its or their respective officers, directors, controlling
persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act), employees or agents. Unless otherwise
expressly agreed in writing by the Placement Agent, no one other than the Company is authorized to rely upon any statement or conduct
of the Placement Agent in connection with this Agreement. The Company acknowledges that any recommendation or advice, written or oral,
given by the Placement Agent to the Company in connection with the Placement Agents engagement is intended solely for the benefit
and use of the Companys management and directors in considering a possible Offering, and any such recommendation or advice is not
on behalf of, and shall not confer any rights or remedies upon, any other person or be used or relied upon for any other purpose. The
Placement Agent shall not have the authority to make any commitment binding on the Company. The Company, in its sole discretion, shall
have the right to reject any investor introduced to it by the Placement Agent. If any purchase agreement and/or related transaction documents
are entered into between the Company and the investors in the Offering, the Placement Agent will be entitled to rely on the representations,
warranties, agreements and covenants of the Company contained in any such purchase agreement and related transaction documents as if such
representations, warranties, agreements and covenants were made directly to the Placement Agent by the Company.

12. Amendments and Waivers. 

No supplement, modification
or waiver of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the party to be bound thereby. The failure of a party to exercise
any right or remedy shall not be deemed or constitute a waiver of such right or remedy in the future. No waiver of any of the provisions
of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provision hereof (regardless of whether similar), nor shall
any such waiver be deemed or constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided.

13. Confidentiality.

In the event of the consummation
or public announcement of any Offering, the Placement Agent shall have the right to disclose its participation in such Offering, including,
without limitation, the placement at its cost of tombstone advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals.
the Placement Agent agrees not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided to the Placement Agent by the Company
for any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement.

14. Headings. 

The headings of the various
sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and will not be deemed to be part of this Agreement.

15. Counterparts. 

This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts and, if executed in more than one counterpart, the executed counterparts shall each be deemed to be an original
and all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

16. Severability. 

In case any provision contained
in this Agreement should be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions contained herein will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

19 

17. Use of Information. 

The Company will furnish the
Placement Agent such written information as the Placement Agent reasonably requests in connection with the performance of its services
hereunder. The Company understands, acknowledges and agrees that, in performing its services hereunder, the Placement Agent will use and
rely entirely upon such information as well as publicly available information regarding the Company and other potential parties to an
Offering and that the Placement Agent does not assume responsibility for independent verification of the accuracy or completeness of any
information, whether publicly available or otherwise furnished to it, concerning the Company or otherwise relevant to an Offering, including,
without limitation, any financial information, forecasts or projections considered by the Placement Agent in connection with the provision
of its services.

18. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. 

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that: (a) the Placement Agent has been retained solely to act as Placement Agent in connection with the sale of the Securities
and that no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Company and the Placement Agent has been created in respect of any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether the Placement Agent has advised or is advising the Company
on other matters; (b) the Purchase Price and other terms of the Securities set forth in this Agreement were established by the Company
following discussions and arms-length negotiations with the Placement Agent and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding
and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (c) it has been advised
that the Placement Agent and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve interests that differ from those
of the Company and that the Placement Agent has no obligation to disclose such interest and transactions to the Company by virtue of any
fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and (d) it has been advised that the Placement Agent is acting, in respect of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, solely for the benefit of the Placement Agent, and not on behalf of the Company and that the Placement
Agents may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The Company waives to the full extent permitted by applicable law any
claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from an alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the Offering.

19. Survival Of Indemnities, Representations, Warranties, Etc. 

The respective indemnities,
covenants, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company and Placement Agent, as set forth in this Agreement
or made by them respectively, pursuant to this Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made
by or on behalf of the Placement Agent, the Company, the Purchasers or any person controlling any of them and shall survive delivery of
and payment for the Securities. Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, including without limitation any termination pursuant
to Section 5, the payment, reimbursement, indemnity, contribution and advancement agreements contained in Sections 2, 9, 10, and 11, respectively,
and the Companys covenants, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement shall not terminate and shall remain in
full force and effect at all times. The indemnity and contribution provisions contained in Section 9 and the covenants, warranties and
representations of the Company contained in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any termination
of this Agreement, (ii) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Placement Agent, any person who controls any Placement Agent within
the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or any affiliate of any Placement Agent, or by
or on behalf of the Company, its directors or officers or any person who controls the Company within the meaning of either Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, and (iii) the issuance and delivery of the Securities.

20. Governing Law. 

This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be fully performed therein.
Any disputes that arise under this Agreement, even after the termination of this Agreement, will be heard only in the state or federal
courts located in the City of New York, State of New York. The parties hereto expressly agree to submit themselves to the jurisdiction
of the foregoing courts in the City of New York, State of New York. The parties hereto expressly waive any rights they may have to contest
the jurisdiction, venue or authority of any court sitting in the City and State of New York.

20 

21. Notices. 

All communications hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be mailed or hand delivered and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows: 

If to the Company:

Aclarion, Inc.

8181 Arista Place

Suite 100

Broomfield, Colorado
80021

Attention: Chief Executive
Officer

If to the Placement Agent:

Dawson James Securities, Inc.

101 North Federal Highway

Suite 600

Boca Raton, FL 33432

Attention: Chief Executive
Officer

Any party hereto may change
the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. 

22. Miscellaneous. 

This Agreement shall not be
modified or amended except in writing signed by the Placement Agent and the Company. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of
the Placement Agent and the Company, and supersedes any prior agreements, with respect to the subject matter hereof. If any provision
of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any
other respect, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts
(including facsimile or .pdf counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and
the same instrument.

23. Successors. 

This Agreement will inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees, officers and directors and controlling
persons referred to in Section 9 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal representative, and, except as set forth in
Section 9 of this Agreement, no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. 

24. Partial Unenforceability. 

The invalidity or unenforceability
of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph
or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable,
there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

21 

In acknowledgment that the
foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding reached by the Placement Agent and the Company, and intending to be legally bound, please
sign in the space provided below, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding Agreement as of the date executed.

Very truly yours,

ACLARION, INC.

By: /s/ Jeff Thramann 

Name:
Jeff Thramann

Title:
Executive Chairman

Confirmed as of the date first
written above:

DAWSON JAMES SECURITIES, INC.

By: /s/ Robert D. Keyser,
Jr. 

Name:
Robert D. Keyser, Jr.

Title: CEO

22 

SCHEDULE I

Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectuses

None.

23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>acon_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Aclarion
Announces Pricing of Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock Priced At the Market

BROOMFIELD, Colo.,
January 3, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aclarion, Inc., (Aclarion or the Company) (Nasdaq: ACON, ACONW), a healthcare
technology company that is leveraging biomarkers and proprietary augmented intelligence (AI) algorithms to help physicians identify the
location of chronic low back pain, today announced that it has agreed to sell 3,380,276 shares of its common stock at a price per
share of $0.142 in a registered direct offering priced at the market. All of the shares of common stock in the offering are being sold
by Aclarion. The closing of the offering is expected to take place on or about January 6, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary
closing conditions.

The gross proceeds to Aclarion from this offering are
expected to be approximately $480,000, before deducting the placement agents fees and other offering expenses payable by Aclarion.
Aclarion intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to fund market development and clinical
evidence, product development and quality, and general and administration support, and other general corporate purposes.

Dawson James Securities, Inc. is acting as the
sole placement agent for the offering.

The offering is being made pursuant to a shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-281999) that was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
on September 23, 2024. The offering may be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. A final prospectus
supplement with the final terms of the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available for free on the SECs website,
located at www.sec.gov. Copies of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may be
obtained, when available, from Dawson James Securities, Inc., 101 North Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, FL 33432 or by telephone
at (561) 391-5555, or by email at investmentbanking@dawsonjames.com.

This press release
does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of that state or jurisdiction.

About Aclarion, Inc.

Aclarion is a
healthcare technology company that leverages Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy (MRS), proprietary signal processing techniques,
biomarkers, and augmented intelligence algorithms to optimize clinical treatments. The Company is first addressing the chronic low back
pain market with Nociscan, the first, evidence-supported, SaaS platform to noninvasively help physicians distinguish between painful and
nonpainful discs in the lumbar spine. Through a cloud connection, Nociscan receives magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) data from an
MRI machine for each lumbar disc being evaluated. In the cloud, proprietary signal processing techniques extract and quantify chemical
biomarkers demonstrated to be associated with disc pain. Biomarker data is entered into proprietary algorithms to indicate if a disc may
be a source of pain. When used with other diagnostic tools, Nociscan provides critical insights into the location of a patients
low back pain, giving physicians clarity to optimize treatment strategies.

1 

Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "may,"
"might," "will," "should," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate,"
"continue," "predict," "forecast," "project," "plan," "intend" or similar
expressions, or statements regarding intent, belief, or current expectations are forward-looking statements and reflect the current beliefs
of Aclarion's management. Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements relating to the completion of the offering
and the intended use of proceeds. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially and adversely from those indicated by such forward-looking
statements including, among others: risks and uncertainties related to market conditions and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions
related to the offering, and other risks and uncertainties related to the offering, as well as the risks and uncertainties set forth in
the "Risk Factors" section and elsewhere in the prospectus supplement related to the offering filed with the SEC and in our
other filings with the SEC and available at www.sec.gov, including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements that
we make in this announcement speak only as of the date of this press release, and Aclarion assumes no obligation to update forward-looking
statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after the date of this press release, except as required
under applicable law.

Investor Contacts: 

Kirin M. Smith

PCG Advisory, Inc.

646.823.8656

ksmith@pcgadvisory.com

Media Contacts:

Jodi Lamberti

SPRIG Consulting

612.812.7477

jodi@sprigconsulting.com

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>acon-20250103.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>acon-20250103_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>acon-20250103_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock Par Value 0. 00001 Per Share [Member] 

Warrants Each Exercisable For One Share Of Common Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>acon-20250103_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 03, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41358

Entity Registrant Name Aclarion,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001635077

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-3324725

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 8181 Arista Place

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Broomfield

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80021

City Area Code (833)

Local Phone Number 275-2266

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock Par Value 0. 00001 Per Share [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol ACON

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants Each Exercisable For One Share Of Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock Warrants

Trading Symbol ACONW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ACON_CommonStockParValue0.00001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ACON_WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://aclarion.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

acon-20250103.xsd 
acon-20250103_def.xml 
acon-20250103_lab.xml 
acon-20250103_pre.xml 
acon_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-000099-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>acon_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001635077 

2025-01-03 
2025-01-03 

0001635077 

ACON:CommonStockParValue0.00001PerShareMember 

2025-01-03 
2025-01-03 

0001635077 

ACON:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-01-03 
2025-01-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001635077 
8-K 
2025-01-03 
Aclarion, Inc. 
DE 
001-41358 
47-3324725 
8181 Arista Place 
Suite 100 
Broomfield 
CO 
80021 
(833) 
275-2266 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
ACON 
NASDAQ 
Common Stock Warrants 
ACONW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>