<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-048516.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-048516.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250306170815
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-048516
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESCO INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000929008
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-ELECTRICAL APPARATUS & EQUIPMENT, WIRING SUPPLIES [5063]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				251723342
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14989
		FILM NUMBER:		25716256

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 WEST STATION SQUARE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 700
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4124542200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 WEST STATION SQUARE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 700
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CDW HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971217
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d861758d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

WESCO INTERNATIONAL INCfalse000092900800009290082025-02-282025-02-280000929008us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-282025-02-280000929008us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember2025-02-282025-02-28

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 28, 2025

WESCO International, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-14989 25-1723342

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

225 West Station Square Drive

Suite 700 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(412)454-2200

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not applicable.

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $.01 per share WCC New York Stock Exchange

Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series A Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock WCC PR A New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Senior Notes Offering 

On March 6, 2025, WESCO Distribution, Inc. (the Issuer or Wesco Distribution), a wholly owned subsidiary of WESCO International, Inc. (the Company or WESCO), completed its previously announced offering (the Offering) to eligible purchasers of $800 million aggregate principal amount of 6.375% senior notes due 2033 (the Notes). The Notes were issued at a price of 100.000% of the aggregate principal amount thereof. 

The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the Indenture), dated as of March 6, 2025, among the Issuer, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). The Notes and related guarantees were issued in a private transaction exempt from the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and other applicable securities laws. 

The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes were approximately $789.5 million, after deducting the discounts to the initial purchasers and estimated offering expenses. The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from this Offering to redeem all of WESCOs outstanding 10.625% Series A Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock) and all of the related depositary shares representing fractional interests in the Series A Preferred Stock on June 22, 2025, and repay a portion of the amounts outstanding under its asset-based revolving credit facility (the ABL Facility). Prior to such redemption, the Issuer intends to (i) use the net proceeds from this Offering to temporarily repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under its accounts receivable securitization facility (the Receivables Facility) and the ABL Facility and (ii) subsequently redraw under the Receivables Facility and/or the ABL Facility in an aggregate amount sufficient to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. 

The Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and are guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis by the Company and by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Anixter Inc. The Notes accrue interest at a rate of 6.375% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025. The Notes will mature on March 15, 2033. 

The Issuer may redeem all or a part of the Notes at any time prior to March 15, 2028 by paying a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. In addition, at any time prior to March 15, 2028, the Issuer may redeem up to 35% of the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings. On or after March 15, 2028, the Issuer may redeem all or a part of the Notes on the redemption dates and at the redemption prices specified in the Indenture. 

The Issuer is obligated to offer to repurchase the Notes at a price of 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. 

The Indenture contains certain covenants that, among other things, limit the Companys and its restricted subsidiaries ability to incur liens on assets, make certain restricted payments, engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions or sell certain assets or merge or consolidate with or into other companies, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, including the termination of certain of these covenants upon the Notes receiving investment grade credit ratings. 

The Indenture contains certain events of default, including, among other things, failure to make required payments, failure to comply with certain agreements or covenants, failure to pay or acceleration of certain other indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency and failure to pay certain judgments. An event of default under the Indenture will allow either the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes to accelerate or, in certain cases, will automatically cause the acceleration of the amounts due under the Notes. 

Copies of the Indenture and the form of the Notes are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, and are incorporated by reference as though fully set forth herein. The foregoing summary of the Indenture and the Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the complete text of each of such documents. 

Credit Agreement Amendment 

On February 28, 2025, Wesco Distribution amended its ABL Facility pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Seventh Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025 (the Credit Agreement Amendment), by and among Wesco Distribution, the other U.S. borrowers party thereto, WESCO Distribution Canada LP, the other Canadian borrowers party thereto, WESCO, the lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, which amends the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2020 (the Credit Agreement). The Credit Agreement Amendment, among other things, (i) extends the maturity date of the ABL Facility to February 28, 2030, (ii) increases the capacity to request increases in the revolving commitments under the ABL Facility from $450.0 million to $500.0 million, (iii) increases certain negative covenant baskets, (iv) removes the credit spread adjustment applicable to term SOFR (as defined therein) and daily simple SOFR loans, and (v) makes certain other amendments to the Credit Agreement. 

A copy of the Credit Agreement Amendment is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The description above is a summary of the Credit Agreement Amendment, does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by the complete text of the Credit Agreement Amendment. 

Receivables Purchase Agreement Amendment 

On February 28, 2025, Wesco Distribution amended its Receivables Facility pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Ninth Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025 (the Receivables Amendment), by and among WESCO Receivables Corp., Wesco Distribution, the various purchasers and purchaser agents party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrator, which amends the Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2020 (the Receivables Purchase Agreement). The Receivables Amendment, among other things, (i) extends the scheduled termination date of the Receivables Facility to February 28, 2028, (ii) removes the credit spread adjustment applicable to term SOFR (as defined therein) investments, and (iii) makes certain other amendments to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 

A copy of the Receivables Amendment is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The description above is a summary of the Receivables Amendment, does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by the complete text of the Receivables Amendment. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit Number Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025, among Wesco Distribution, WESCO and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

4.2 Form of 6.375% Senior Note due 2033 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 hereto). 

10.1 Seventh Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, by and among Wesco Distribution, the other U.S. borrowers party thereto, WESCO Distribution Canada LP, the other Canadian borrowers party thereto, WESCO, the lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent. 

10.2 Ninth Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, by and among Wesco Distribution, WESCO Receivables Corp., the various purchasers and purchaser agents party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrator. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

WESCO International, Inc.

(Registrant)

March 6, 2025 By: 

/s/ David S. Schulz

(Date) David S. Schulz

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d861758dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC. 

as
Issuer, 

the Parent Guarantor named herein, 

the Subsidiary Guarantor named herein 

and 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

as Trustee 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of March 6, 2025 

6.375% Senior
Notes due 2033 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE ONE 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

SECTION 1.01. Definitions. 1 

SECTION 1.02. No Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. 24 

SECTION 1.03. Rules of Construction. 24 

ARTICLE TWO 

THE SECURITIES 

SECTION 2.01. Amount of Notes. 25 

SECTION 2.02. Form and Dating; Legends. 25 

SECTION 2.03. Execution and Authentication. 26 

SECTION 2.04. Registrar and Paying Agent. 26 

SECTION 2.05. Paying Agent To Hold Money in Trust. 27 

SECTION 2.06. Noteholder Lists. 28 

SECTION 2.07. Transfer and Exchange. 28 

SECTION 2.08. Replacement Notes. 28 

SECTION 2.09. Outstanding Notes. 29 

SECTION 2.10. Treasury Notes. 29 

SECTION 2.11. Temporary Notes. 30 

SECTION 2.12. Cancellation. 30 

SECTION 2.13. Defaulted Interest. 30 

SECTION 2.14. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers. 31 

SECTION 2.15. Deposit of Moneys. 31 

SECTION 2.16. Book-Entry Provisions for Global Notes. 31 

SECTION 2.17. Transfer and Exchange of Notes. 32 

SECTION 2.18. Computation of Interest. 39 

ARTICLE THREE 

REDEMPTION 

SECTION 3.01. Election To Redeem; Notices to Trustee. 39 

SECTION 3.02. Selection by Trustee of Notes To Be Redeemed. 39 

SECTION 3.03. Notice of Redemption. 40 

SECTION 3.04. Effect of Notice of Redemption. 41 

SECTION 3.05. Deposit of Redemption Price. 41 

SECTION 3.06. Notes Redeemed in Part. 42 

-i- 

Page 

ARTICLE FOUR 

COVENANTS 

SECTION 4.01. Payment of Notes. 42 

SECTION 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency. 42 

SECTION 4.03. Legal Existence. 43 

SECTION 4.04. Waiver of Stay, Extension or Usury Laws. 43 

SECTION 4.05. Compliance Certificate. 43 

SECTION 4.06. Taxes. 44 

SECTION 4.07. Repurchase at the Option of Holders upon Change of Control. 44 

SECTION 4.08. Limitation on Asset Disposition. 46 

SECTION 4.09. Limitation on Restricted Payments. 49 

SECTION 4.10. Limitation on Liens. 52 

SECTION 4.11. [reserved]. 56 

SECTION 4.12. Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. 56 

SECTION 4.13. Reports to Holders. 56 

SECTION 4.14. Additional Guarantees. 57 

SECTION 4.15. Termination of Certain Covenants When Notes are Rated Investment Grade. 58 

ARTICLE FIVE 

SUCCESSOR OBLIGOR 

SECTION 5.01. Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets. 59 

SECTION 5.02. Successor Person Substituted. 60 

ARTICLE SIX 

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

SECTION 6.01. Events of Default. 60 

SECTION 6.02. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission. 62 

SECTION 6.03. Other Remedies. 63 

SECTION 6.04. Waiver of Existing Defaults and Events of Default. 63 

SECTION 6.05. Control by Majority. 64 

SECTION 6.06. Limitation on Suits. 64 

SECTION 6.07. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. 64 

SECTION 6.08. Rights of Holders To Receive Payment. 65 

SECTION 6.09. Collection Suit by Trustee. 65 

SECTION 6.10. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. 65 

SECTION 6.11. Priorities. 66 

-ii- 

Page 

SECTION 6.12. Undertaking for Costs. 66 

ARTICLE SEVEN 

TRUSTEE 

SECTION 7.01. Duties of Trustee. 66 

SECTION 7.02. Rights of Trustee. 68 

SECTION 7.03. Individual Rights of Trustee. 69 

SECTION 7.04. Trustees Disclaimer. 69 

SECTION 7.05. Notice of Defaults. 70 

SECTION 7.06. [reserved]. 70 

SECTION 7.07. Compensation and Indemnity. 70 

SECTION 7.08. Replacement of Trustee. 71 

SECTION 7.09. Successor Trustee by Consolidation, Merger, etc. 72 

SECTION 7.10. Eligibility; Disqualification. 72 

SECTION 7.11. Paying Agents. 72 

ARTICLE EIGHT 

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

SECTION 8.01. Without Consent of Noteholders. 73 

SECTION 8.02. With Consent of Noteholders. 74 

SECTION 8.03. Revocation and Effect of Consents. 75 

SECTION 8.04. Notation on or Exchange of Notes. 75 

SECTION 8.05. Trustee To Sign Amendments, etc. 76 

ARTICLE NINE 

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE; DEFEASANCE 

SECTION 9.01. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture. 76 

SECTION 9.02. Legal Defeasance. 77 

SECTION 9.03. Covenant Defeasance. 78 

SECTION 9.04. Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. 78 

SECTION 9.05. Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations To Be Held in Trust. 79 

SECTION 9.06. Reinstatement. 80 

SECTION 9.07. Moneys Held by Paying Agent. 80 

SECTION 9.08. Moneys Held by Trustee. 80 

-iii- 

Page 

ARTICLE TEN 

GUARANTEE OF SECURITIES 

SECTION 10.01. Guarantee. 81 

SECTION 10.02. Execution and Delivery of Guarantee. 82 

SECTION 10.03. Release of Guarantors. 82 

SECTION 10.04. Waiver of Subrogation. 83 

SECTION 10.05. Notice to Trustee. 84 

SECTION 10.06. Limitation on Guarantors Liability. 84 

ARTICLE ELEVEN 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 11.01. Notices. 84 

SECTION 11.02. [reserved]. 86 

SECTION 11.03. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent. 86 

SECTION 11.04. Statements Required in Certificate and Opinion. 86 

SECTION 11.05. Rules by Trustee and Agents. 87 

SECTION 11.06. Business Days; Legal Holidays. 87 

SECTION 11.07. Governing Law. 87 

SECTION 11.08. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. 87 

SECTION 11.09. Successors. 87 

SECTION 11.10. Multiple Counterparts. 88 

SECTION 11.11. Table of Contents, Headings, etc. 88 

SECTION 11.12. Separability. 88 

SECTION 11.13. Waiver of Jury Trial. 88 

SECTION 11.14. Force Majeure. 88 

SECTION 11.15. U.S.A. Patriot Act. 89 

SIGNATURES S-1 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A. Form of Senior Note A-1 

Exhibit B. Form of Private Placement Legend B-1 

Exhibit C. Form of Legend for Global Note C-1 

Exhibit D. Form of Regulation S Legend D-1 

Exhibit E. Form of Certificate of Transfer E-1 

Exhibit F. Form of Certificate of Exchange F-1 

Exhibit G. Form of Supplemental Indenture to be Delivered by Subsequent Guarantors G-1 

-iv- 

INDENTURE, dated as of March 6, 2025, among WESCO Distribution, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and its successors (the Issuer), the Parent Guarantor (as defined below), the Subsidiary Guarantor (as defined below) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). 

Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other parties and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders (as defined below) of
the 6.375% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes). 

ARTICLE ONE 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

SECTION 1.01. Definitions. 

Applicable Treasury Rate for any Make-Whole Redemption Date means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of United
States Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15(519) that has become publicly available two Business Days prior to the date the Issuer gives notice of such
Make-Whole Redemption Date (or, if such Statistical Release is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from such Make-Whole Redemption Date to March 15, 2028; provided,
however, that if the period from the Make-Whole Redemption Date to March 15, 2028 is not equal to the constant maturity of a United States Treasury security for which a weekly average yield is given, the Applicable Treasury Rate shall be
obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of United States Treasury securities for which such yields are given except that if the period
from the Make-Whole Redemption Date to March 15, 2028 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used. 

ABL Facility means that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 22, 2020 (as the same
may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time) among the Issuer, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the other parties from time to time party thereto, together with all related notes,
letters of credit, collateral documents, guarantees and any other related agreements and instruments executed and delivered in connection therewith, in each case as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or
replaced in whole or in part (including by sales of debt securities) from time to time including by or pursuant to any agreement(s) or instrument(s) (including an indenture) extending the maturity of or refinancing (including increasing the amount
of available borrowings thereunder or adding any Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor as borrowers or guarantors thereunder) all or any portion of the Indebtedness under such agreement(s) or instrument(s) or any successor or replacement bank credit
agreement(s) and whether by the same or any other agent, lender, group of lenders, purchasers, debt holders, creditor or group of creditors. 

Additional Assets means: 

(1) any property or assets (other than Indebtedness and Capital Stock) to be used by the Parent Guarantor or any of its
Subsidiaries; 

(2) the Capital Stock of a Person that becomes a Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor as a result of the
acquisition of such Capital Stock by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries; or 

(3) Capital Stock
constituting a non-controlling interest in any Person that at such time is a Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor. 

Additional Notes means additional Notes (other than the Initial Notes) issued under this Indenture in accordance with
Section 2.01 hereof, as part of the same series as the Initial Notes. 

Additional Obligor has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.14(2). 

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly
controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling,
controlled by and under common control with), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise. 

Agent means any Registrar,
Paying Agent, Depositary Custodian, or agent for service or notices and demands. 

Agent Members has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.16(a). 

amend means to amend, supplement, restate, amend and restate or otherwise modify; and
amendment shall have a correlative meaning. 

asset means any asset or property, whether real,
personal or mixed, tangible or intangible. 

Asset Disposition means any sale, lease, transfer or other disposition (or
series of related sales, leases, transfers or dispositions) by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, including any disposition by means of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction (each referred to for the purposes of this
definition as a disposition), of: 

(1) any shares of Capital Stock of any of the Parent
Guarantors Subsidiaries (other than directors qualifying shares or shares required by applicable law to be held by a Person other than the Parent Guarantor or a Subsidiary); 

-2- 

(2) all or substantially all the assets of any division or line of
business of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries; or 

(3) any other assets or property of the Parent
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries outside of the ordinary course of business of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the following shall be deemed to be an Asset Disposition: 

(1) a disposition by a Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor to the Parent Guarantor or by the Parent Guarantor or any of
its Subsidiaries to any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor; 

(2) for purposes of Section 4.08 only, a
disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Parent Guarantor or the Issuer in compliance with Section 5.01 or a disposition that constitutes a Change of Control pursuant to this Indenture; 

(3) a sale, contribution, conveyance or other transfer of accounts receivable and related assets of the type specified in
the definition of Qualified Receivables Transaction by or to a Receivables Entity in a Qualified Receivables Transaction; 

(4) the license or sublicense of intellectual property or other intangibles; 

(5) the lease, assignment or sublease of any real or personal property in the ordinary course of business; 

(6) any surrender or waiver of contract rights or settlement, release, recovery on or surrender of contract, tort or
other claims in the ordinary course of business; 

(7) the granting of Security Interests not prohibited by
Section 4.10; 

(8) the disposition by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business of (i) cash and cash equivalents, (ii) inventory and other assets acquired and held for resale in the ordinary course of business, (iii) damaged, worn out or obsolete assets or assets that, in the Parent Guarantors
reasonable judgment, are no longer used or useful in the business of the Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries, or (iv) rights granted to others pursuant to leases or licenses, to the extent not materially interfering with the operations of the
Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries; 

(9) a Restricted Payment that is permitted by this Indenture; 

(10) any exchange of assets for assets (including a combination of assets) (which assets may include Equity Interests or
any securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, Equity Interests, but which assets may not include any Indebtedness) of comparable or greater market value or usefulness to the business of the Parent Guarantor and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which in the event of an exchange of assets with a 

-3- 

fair market value in excess of (a) $50.0 million shall be evidenced by an Officers Certificate and (b) $100.0 million shall be set forth in a resolution approved by at least a
majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Parent Guarantor; provided that the Parent Guarantor shall apply any cash or cash equivalents received in any such exchange of assets as described in Section 4.08(a); 

(11) dispositions of receivables in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary
course of business or in bankruptcy or similar proceedings and exclusive of factoring or similar arrangements; 

(12) the issuance by any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor of Preferred Stock or any convertible securities; 

(13) any sale of Capital Stock or Indebtedness or other securities of a Foreign Subsidiary; 

(14) any sale of assets received by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries upon foreclosure on a Security
Interest; 

(15) the unwinding of any Hedging Obligations (including sales under forward contracts); 

(16) any dispositions to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements between the joint
venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding agreements; 

(17) the lease or sublease
of office space; 

(18) the abandonment, farm-out, lease, assignment, sub-lease, license or sub-license of any real or personal property in the ordinary course of business; 

(19) dispositions of property pursuant to casualty events; 

(20) dispositions of property pursuant to a Sale and Leaseback Transaction permitted by this Indenture; 

(21) foreclosures on assets to the extent they would not otherwise result in a Default or Event of Default; 

(22) a single transaction or series of related transactions that involve the disposition of assets with a fair market
value of less than the greater of (x) $50.0 million and (y) 1.0% of Consolidated Total Assets; or 

(23) dispositions of accounts receivable and related assets in connection with factoring arrangements entered into by the
Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries and non-Affiliates in the ordinary course of business or as required or requested by customers, provided that the total amount of all such accounts receivable
and related assets sold 

-4- 

pursuant to such factoring arrangements shall not exceed the greater of (x) $100.0 million and (y) 2.0% of Consolidated Total Assets in the aggregate at any one time outstanding. 

Attributable Indebtedness, when used with respect to any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, means, as at the time of
determination, the present value (discounted at a rate borne by the Notes, compounded on a semiannual basis) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in any such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction. 

Bankruptcy Law means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended, or any similar federal, state, local
or foreign law for the relief of debtors. 

Board of Directors means, with respect to any Person, the board of directors
or comparable governing body of such Person or, other than in connection with the definition of Change of Control, any duly authorized committee thereof. 

Business Day has the meaning set forth in Section 11.06. 

Capital Stock means: 

(1) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock; 

(2) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other
equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; and 

(3) in the case of a partnership or limited liability
company, partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited). 

Capitalized Lease means a lease required to
be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Capitalized Lease Obligations of any Person
means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under a Capitalized Lease, and the amount of such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash Consideration has the meaning set forth in Section 4.08(a)(2). 

CFC Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that constitutes a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of
Section 957 of the Code. 

CFC Subsidiary Holding Company means any Subsidiary (a) that is engaged in no
material business activities other than the holding of Equity Interests and other investments in one or more CFC Subsidiaries or other CFC Subsidiary Holding Companies or (b) that owns Equity Interests or other investments in one or more CFC
Subsidiaries or other CFC Subsidiary Holding Companies and is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

-5- 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: 

(1) any Transfer (other than by way of merger or consolidation) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Parent
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as defined in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) or group (as defined in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), other than any Transfer to the
Parent Guarantor or one or more Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor; 

(2) the adoption of a plan for the liquidation
or dissolution of the Parent Guarantor (other than in a transaction that complies with Section 5.01); or 

(3) a
person (as defined above) or group (as defined above) becomes, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and
13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of more than 50% of the voting power of the Voting Stock of the Parent Guarantor, other than as a result of (i) any transaction where the voting power of the Voting Stock of
the Parent Guarantor immediately prior to such transaction constitutes or is converted into or exchanged for a majority of the voting power of the Voting Stock of such beneficial owner or (ii) any merger or consolidation of the Parent Guarantor
with or into any person (as defined above) (a Permitted Person) or a subsidiary of a Permitted Person, in each case, if immediately after such transaction no person (as defined above) is the beneficial owner (as
defined above), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting power of the Voting Stock of such Permitted Person. 

Change of Control Offer has the meaning set forth in Section 4.07(a). 

Change of Control Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 4.07(a). 

Change of Control Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.07(a). 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Consolidated Cash Flow Available for Fixed Charges means, with respect to any Person for any period: 

(1) the sum of, without duplication, the amounts for such period, taken as a single accounting period, of: 

(a) Consolidated Net Income; 

(b) Consolidated Non-cash Charges; 

(c) Consolidated Interest Expense to the extent the same was deducted in computing Consolidated Net Income; 

-6- 

(d) Consolidated Income Tax Expense (other than income tax expense
(either positive or negative) attributable to extraordinary gains or losses); 

(e) any expenses or charges related to
any Equity Offering, any recapitalization or incurrence of Indebtedness or this offering of the Notes; 

(f) the
amount of any interest expense attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor to the extent the same was deducted in computing
Consolidated Net Income; and 

(g) any net loss from discontinued operations; less 

(2) (x) net income from discontinued operations and (y) non-cash items increasing
Consolidated Net Income for such period, other than (a) the accrual of revenue consistent with past practice and (b) reversals of prior accruals or reserves for cash items previously excluded in the calculation of Consolidated Non-cash Charges. 

In calculating Consolidated Cash Flow Available for Fixed Charges and
Consolidated Total Assets for any period, if any Asset Disposition or Asset Acquisition (whether pursuant to a stock or an asset transaction) shall have occurred since the first day of any 12-month
period for which the Consolidated Cash Flow Available for Fixed Charges is being calculated, such calculation shall give pro forma effect to such Asset Disposition or Asset Acquisition including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
Indebtedness incurred or repaid in connection with such Asset Disposition or Asset Acquisition. 

For the purposes of calculating
Consolidated Cash Flow Available for Fixed Charges, Asset Acquisition means any acquisition of property or series of related acquisitions of property that constitutes all or substantially all of the assets of a business, unit
or division of a Person or constitutes all or substantially all of the common stock (or equivalent) of a Person; and Asset Disposition means any disposition of property or series of related dispositions of property that involves all or
substantially all of the assets of a business, unit or division of a Person or constitutes all or substantially all of the common stock (or equivalent) of a Person. 

Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means the ratio of Consolidated Cash Flow Available for Fixed Charges of the
Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries during the most recent four consecutive full fiscal quarters for which financial statements are available (the Four-Quarter Period) ending on or prior to the date of the transaction giving
rise to the need to calculate the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (the Transaction Date) to Consolidated Fixed Charges of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for the Four-Quarter Period. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary set forth in the definitions of Consolidated Cash Flow Available for Fixed Charges and Consolidated Interest Expense (and all component definitions referenced in such definitions), whenever pro forma effect is to be given to the
incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness or the issuance or redemption of Preferred Stock, the pro forma calculations shall be determined in good faith by a responsible officer of the Parent Guarantor. 

-7- 

For purposes of this definition, Consolidated Cash Flow Available for Fixed Charges and
Consolidated Fixed Charges shall be calculated after giving effect on a pro forma basis for the period of such calculation to the incurrence of any Indebtedness or the issuance of any Preferred Stock of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary (and
the application of the proceeds thereof) and any repayment of Indebtedness or redemption of other Preferred Stock (and the application of the proceeds therefrom) (other than the incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness in the ordinary course of
business for working capital purposes pursuant to any revolving credit arrangement) occurring during the Four-Quarter Period or at any time subsequent to the last day of the Four-Quarter Period and on or prior to the Transaction Date, as if such
incurrence, repayment, issuance or redemption, as the case may be (and the application of the proceeds thereof), occurred on the first day of the Four-Quarter Period. 

In calculating Consolidated Fixed Charges for purposes of determining the denominator (but not the numerator) of this Consolidated Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio: 

(a) interest on outstanding Indebtedness determined on a fluctuating basis as of the
Transaction Date and which will continue to be so determined thereafter shall be deemed to have accrued at a fixed rate per annum equal to the rate of interest on such Indebtedness in effect on the Transaction Date (although interest with respect to
any Indebtedness for periods while the same was actually outstanding during the respective period shall be calculated using the actual rates applicable thereto while the same was actually outstanding); 

(b) if interest on any Indebtedness actually incurred on the Transaction Date may optionally be determined at an interest
rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate, or other rates, then the interest rate in effect on the Transaction Date will be deemed to have been in effect during the Four-Quarter Period (although
interest with respect to any Indebtedness for periods while the same was actually outstanding during the respective period shall be calculated using the actual rates applicable thereto while the same was actually outstanding); and 

(c) notwithstanding clause (a) or (b) above, interest on Indebtedness determined on a fluctuating basis, to the
extent such interest is covered by agreements relating to Hedging Obligations, shall be deemed to accrue at the rate per annum resulting after giving effect to the operation of these agreements. 

Consolidated Fixed Charges for any period means the sum, without duplication, of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense of
the Parent Guarantor and the Subsidiaries for such period, plus (b) the product of (a) all dividend payments on any series of Disqualified Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary or any Preferred Stock of any Subsidiary
(other than any such Disqualified Equity Interests or any Preferred Stock held by the Parent Guarantor or a Subsidiary or to the extent paid in Qualified Equity Interests) for such period, multiplied by (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is
one and the denominator of which is one minus the then current combined federal, state and local statutory tax rate of the Parent Guarantor and the Subsidiaries, expressed as a decimal. 

-8- 

Consolidated Income Tax Expense means, with respect to any Person for any
period the provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes of such Person and its subsidiaries for such period as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated Interest Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, the interest expense of such Person and its
subsidiaries for such period, on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with GAAP (including amortization of original issue discount and deferred financing costs, non-cash interest payments, the
interest component of all payments associated with Capitalized Lease Obligations, capitalized interest, net payments, if any, pursuant to interest rate-related Hedging Obligations and imputed interest with respect to Attributable Indebtedness but
excluding write-offs associated with the amendment and restatement or repayment of indebtedness). 

Consolidated Net
Income means, with respect to any Person, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of such Person and its subsidiaries for such period as determined in accordance with GAAP, adjusted, to the extent included in calculating such
net income, by excluding, without duplication: 

(1) all extraordinary gains or losses (net of fees and expenses
relating to the transaction giving rise thereto), income, expenses or charges; 

(2) the portion of net income of such
Person and its subsidiaries allocable to minority interests in unconsolidated Persons to the extent that cash dividends or distributions have not actually been received by such Person or one of its subsidiaries; provided that, for the
avoidance of doubt, Consolidated Net Income shall be increased in amounts equal to the amounts of cash actually received; 

(3) gains or losses in respect of any sales of Capital Stock or asset sales outside the ordinary course of business
(including in a Sale and Leaseback Transaction) by such Person or one of its subsidiaries (net of fees and expenses relating to the transaction giving rise thereto); 

(4) any gain or loss realized as a result of the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles; 

(5) any fees, expenses and other costs incurred or paid (and write-offs recorded) in connection with the offering of the
Notes and any subsequent exchange offer, the ABL Facility or other Indebtedness; 

(6) nonrecurring or unusual gains
or losses; 

(7) the net after-tax effects of adjustments in the inventory,
property and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets line items in such Persons consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP resulting from the application of purchase accounting or the amortization or
write-off of any amounts thereof; 

-9- 

(8) any fees and expenses incurred (and write-offs recorded) during
such period, or any amortization thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, investment, asset sale, issuance or repayment or amendment or restatement of Indebtedness, issuance of Capital Stock, stock options or other equity-based
awards, refinancing transaction or amendment or modification of any debt instrument (including without limitation any such transaction undertaken but not completed); 

(9) any gain or loss recorded in connection with the designation of a discontinued operation (exclusive of its operating
income or loss); 

(10) any non-cash compensation or other non-cash expenses or charges arising from the grant of or issuance or repricing of Capital Stock, stock options or other equity-based awards or any amendment, modification, substitution or change of any such Capital
Stock, stock options or other equity-based awards; 

(11) any expenses or charges related to any Equity Offering,
Asset Disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, arrangement, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization or the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by this Indenture (including a refinancing thereof) (whether or not
successful); 

(12) unrealized gains and losses with respect to Hedging Obligations; and 

(13) any non-cash impairment, restructuring or special charge or asset write-off or write-down, and the amortization or write-off of intangibles. 

Consolidated Non-cash Charges means, with respect to any Person for any period, the
aggregate depreciation, amortization and other non-cash expenses of the Person and its subsidiaries (including without limitation any minority interest) reducing Consolidated Net Income for such period,
determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated Total Assets means the total assets of the
Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as of the most recent fiscal quarter end for which an internal consolidated balance sheet of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries is available, all calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP
(which calculation shall give pro forma effect to any Asset Acquisition or Asset Disposition consummated by the Parent Guarantor since the date of such balance sheet and on or prior to the date of determination, as if such Asset Acquisition or Asset
Disposition had been consummated on the date of such consolidated balance sheet). 

For the purposes of calculating Consolidated
Total Assets, Asset Acquisition means any acquisition of property or series of related acquisitions of property that constitutes all or substantially all of the assets of a business, unit or division of a Person or constitutes all
or substantially all of the common stock (or equivalent) of a Person; and Asset Disposition means any disposition of property or series of related dispositions of property that involves all or substantially all of the assets of a
business, unit or division of a Person or constitutes all or substantially all of the common stock (or equivalent) of a Person. 

-10- 

Corporate Trust Office means the office of the Trustee at which any time
its corporate trust business in relation to this Indenture shall be administered, which at the date hereof is located at 225 W. Station Square Drive, Suite 380, Pittsburgh PA 15219, Attention: Corporate Trust Services, or such other address as the
Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Issuer, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the
Holders and the Issuer). 

Covenant Defeasance has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03. 

Covenant Termination Event has the meaning set forth in Section 4.15(a). 

Credit Facilities means one or more debt facilities (including, without limitation, the ABL Facility, the Receivables
Facility) or commercial paper facilities, in each case with banks or other lenders providing for revolving credit loans, term loans or letters of credit, together with all related notes, letters of credit, collateral documents, guarantees and any
other related agreements and instruments executed and delivered in connection therewith, in each case as amended, modified, refinanced, refunded or replaced in whole or in part (including by sales of debt securities) from time to time including by
or pursuant to any agreement(s) or instrument(s) (including an indenture) extending the maturity of or refinancing (including increasing the amount of available borrowings thereunder or adding the Parent Guarantor or Subsidiaries of the Parent
Guarantor as borrowers or guarantors thereunder) all or any portion of the Indebtedness under such agreement(s) or instrument(s) or any successor or replacement bank credit agreement(s) and whether by the same or any other agent, lender, group of
lenders, purchasers, debt holders, creditor or group of creditors. 

Default means (1) any Event of Default or
(2) any event, act or condition that, after notice or the passage of time or both, would be an Event of Default. 

Depositary means, with respect to the Global Notes, The Depository Trust Company or another Person designated as depositary
by the Issuer, which Person must be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act. 

Depositary Custodian means
the Trustee as custodian with respect to the Global Notes or any successor entity thereto. 

Designated Non-cash Consideration means the fair market value of non-cash consideration received by the Issuer or any of the Guarantors in connection with an Asset Disposition
that is designated as Designated Non-cash Consideration pursuant to an officers certificate, setting forth the basis of such valuation, less the amount of cash or cash equivalents received in
connection with a subsequent sale, redemption or payment of, on or with respect to such Designated Non-cash Consideration. 

Disqualified Equity Interests of any Person means any class of Equity Interests of such Person that, by its terms, or by
the terms of any related agreement or of any security into which it is convertible, puttable or exchangeable, is, or upon the happening of any event or the passage of time would be, required to be redeemed by such Person, whether or not at the
option of 

-11- 

the holder thereof, or matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, in whole or in part, in each case, on or prior to the date which is 91 days after
the final maturity date of the Notes; provided, however, that any class of Equity Interests of such Person that, by its terms, authorizes such Person to satisfy in full its obligations with respect to the payment of dividends or upon
maturity, redemption (pursuant to a sinking fund or otherwise) or repurchase thereof or otherwise by the delivery of Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests, and that is not convertible, puttable or exchangeable for Disqualified
Equity Interests or Indebtedness, will not be deemed to be Disqualified Equity Interests so long as such Person satisfies its obligations with respect thereto solely by the delivery of Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests;
provided, further, however, that any Equity Interests that would not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Equity
Interests are convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the Issuer to redeem such Equity Interests upon the occurrence of a change of control occurring prior to the 91st day after the final maturity date of the Notes, in each
case, shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests if the change of control provisions applicable to such Equity Interests are no more favorable to such holders than the provisions of Section 4.07 and such Equity Interests specifically
provide that the Issuer will not redeem any such Equity Interests pursuant to such provisions prior to the Issuers purchase of the Notes as required pursuant to Section 4.07. 

Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person)
among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Issuer, other than a Foreign Subsidiary. 

Equity Interests of any Person means (1) any and all shares or other equity interests (including common stock,
Preferred Stock, limited liability company interests and partnership interests) in such Person and (2) all rights to purchase, warrants or options (whether or not currently exercisable), participations or other equivalents of or interests in
(however designated) such shares or other interests in such Person, but excluding any debt securities that are convertible into such shares or other interests in such Person. 

Equity Offering means a public sale for cash of common stock of the Parent Guarantor or any direct or indirect parent
entity of the Parent Guarantor, other than (i) public offerings with respect to common stock of the Parent Guarantor or any of its direct or indirect parent entities registered on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or (ii) any sale to any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor. 

Event of
Default has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01. 

Excess Proceeds has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.08(c). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

-12- 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc. and any successor to its rating agency
business. 

Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Issuer, which at the date hereof ends on December 31. 

Fixed Basket shall mean with respect to any covenant, any exception, threshold or basket based on any fixed amount. 

Foreign Subsidiary means (i) any Subsidiary of the Issuer that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other
than the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (ii) any Subsidiary of the Issuer that is a CFC Subsidiary Holding Company, or (iii) any Subsidiary of the Issuer that is a direct or indirect subsidiary of any CFC
Subsidiary or CFC Subsidiary Holding Company. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the
opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity
as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession of the United States, which are in effect on the Issue Date; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that any leases that are not or would not be characterized as
Capitalized Leases under GAAP as in effect on June 15, 2016 shall not be reclassified as Capitalized Leases and additional liabilities associated with such leases shall not be classified as Indebtedness as a result of any changes in
interpretive releases or literature regarding GAAP or any requirements by the independent auditors of the Parent Guarantor. 

Global Note Legend means the legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit C. 

Global Notes has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a). 

Guarantee means a guarantee (other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of
business), direct or indirect, in any manner (including, without limitation, through letters of credit and reimbursement agreements in respect thereof), of all or any part of any Indebtedness. Guarantee when used as a verb shall have a
corresponding meaning. 

Guarantor means: 

(1) the Parent Guarantor; 

(2) the Subsidiary Guarantor; 

(3) each Domestic Subsidiary of the Issuer that executes and delivers a Guarantee pursuant to Section 4.14; and 

(4) each Subsidiary of the Issuer that otherwise executes and delivers a Guarantee,

-13- 

in each case, until such time as such Person is released from its Guarantee in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture. 

Hedging Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person under swap, cap, collar, forward purchase or similar
agreements or arrangements dealing with interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices or availability, either generally or under specific contingencies, and including both physical and financial settlement transactions. 

Holder or Noteholder means any registered holder, from time to time, of the Notes. 

Incurrence-Based Basket means, with respect to any covenant, any incurrence based exception, threshold or basket based on
any applicable ratio or financial test. 

Indebtedness of any Person at any date means, without duplication: 

(a) all liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of such Person for borrowed money (whether or not the recourse of the
lender is to the whole of the assets of such Person or only to a portion thereof); 

(b) all obligations of such
Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments; 

(c) all reimbursement obligations of such
Person in respect of letters of credit, letters of guaranty, bankers acceptances and similar credit transactions; 

(d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property or services due more than
six months after such property is acquired or services performed, except (i) trade payables and accrued expenses, (ii) obligations to pay royalty fees or other payments under license agreements and (iii) accrued expenses, salary and
other employee compensation obligations, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with obtaining goods, materials or services; 

(e) the maximum fixed redemption or repurchase price of all Disqualified Equity Interests of such Person (but excluding
any accrued but unpaid dividends); 

(f) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person; 

(g) all Indebtedness of others secured by a Security Interest on any asset of such Person, whether or not such
Indebtedness is assumed by such Person; 

(h) all Indebtedness of others guaranteed by such Person to the extent of
such guarantee; provided that Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries that is guaranteed by the Parent Guarantor or any such Subsidiary shall only be counted once in the calculation of the amount of Indebtedness of the
Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; 

-14- 

(i) all Attributable Indebtedness; and 

(j) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to assets
purchased by such Person. 

The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be the outstanding balance at such date of all
unconditional obligations as described above, the maximum liability of such Person for any such contingent obligations at such date and, in the case of clause (g), the lesser of (a) the fair market value of any asset subject to a Security
Interest securing the Indebtedness of others on the date that the Security Interest attaches and (b) the amount of the Indebtedness secured. For purposes of clause (e), the maximum fixed redemption or repurchase price of any
Disqualified Equity Interests that do not have a fixed redemption or repurchase price shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Disqualified Equity Interests as if such Disqualified Equity Interests were redeemed or repurchased on any
date on which an amount of Indebtedness outstanding shall be required to be determined pursuant to this Indenture. 

Indenture means this Indenture as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time. 

Initial Notes means the first $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under this Indenture on the date
hereof. 

Initial Purchasers means Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., CIBC
World Markets Corp., Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., TD Securities (USA) LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citizens JMP Securities, LLC, Fifth Third Securities, Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, PNC Capital Markets
LLC, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Academy Securities, Inc. 

Initial Security
Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 4.10. 

interest means, with respect to the Notes, interest
with respect thereto. 

Interest Payment Date means the stated maturity of an installment of interest on the Notes. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys, BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P and BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch, in each case with stable outlook, or an equivalent rating by any other Rating Agency. 

Issue Date means March 6, 2025, the date on which Notes were first issued under this Indenture. 

Issuer has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. 

Legal Defeasance has the meaning set forth in Section 9.02. 

Legal Holiday has the meaning set forth in Section 11.06. 

-15- 

Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 7.07. 

Make-Whole Premium means, with respect to a Note at any Make-Whole Redemption Date, an amount equal to the greater of (i)
1.0% of the principal amount of such Note and (ii) the excess, if any, of (x) the present value of the sum of the principal amount and premium that would be payable on such Note on March 15, 2028 and all remaining interest payments to
and including March 15, 2028 (but excluding any interest accrued to the Make-Whole Redemption Date), discounted on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from March 15, 2028 to the Make-Whole Redemption Date at a per annum interest rate equal to the Applicable Treasury Rate on such Make-Whole Redemption Date plus 0.50%, over (y) the
outstanding principal amount of such Note. 

Make-Whole Redemption Date means, with respect to a Make-Whole Redemption,
the date such Make-Whole Redemption is effectuated (and not, for the avoidance of doubt, the date of the related notice of redemption). 

Maturity Date when used with respect to any Note, means the date on which the principal amount of such Note becomes due and
payable as therein or herein provided. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor to
its rating agency business. 

Net Available Cash from an Asset Disposition means cash payments received therefrom
(including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received, but excluding any other consideration received in the form of assumption by the
acquiring Person of Indebtedness or other obligations relating to such properties or assets or received in any other noncash form), in each case net of: 

(1) all legal, accounting, investment banking, title and recording tax expenses, commissions and other fees (including
financial and other advisory fees) and expenses incurred, and all Federal, state, provincial, foreign and local taxes required to be paid or accrued as a liability under GAAP, as a consequence of such Asset Disposition; 

(2) all payments made on any Indebtedness which is secured by any assets subject to such Asset Disposition, in accordance
with the terms of any lien upon or other security agreement of any kind with respect to such assets, or which must by its terms, or in order to obtain a necessary consent to such Asset Disposition, or by applicable law, be repaid out of the proceeds
from such Asset Disposition; 

(3) all distributions and other payments required to be made to non-controlling interest holders in Subsidiaries or joint ventures as a result of such Asset Disposition; and 

(4) appropriate amounts provided by the seller as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against any liabilities associated
with the property or other assets disposed in such Asset Disposition and retained by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries after such Asset Disposition. 

-16- 

Non-U.S. Person means a Person
who is not a U.S. Person. 

Notes means the Initial Notes and the Additional Notes, if any. The Initial Notes issued on
the Issue Date and the Additional Notes shall be treated as a single class for all purposes under this Indenture; provided, that if any such Additional Notes are not fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such
Additional Notes will have separate CUSIP numbers from the Initial Notes, and unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the Notes shall include the Notes issued on the Issue Date and any Additional Notes. 

Offer has the meaning set forth in Section 4.08(a). 

Offering Memorandum means the Offering Memorandum of the Issuer, dated February 25, 2025, relating to the offering of
the Notes on the Issue Date. 

Officer means, with respect to any Person, the Chairman, President, Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Controller, any Senior Vice President, any Vice President of such Person or any other authorized officer or director of such Person. 

Officers Certificate means, with respect to any Person, a certificate signed by any Officer of such Person that shall
comply with applicable provisions of this Indenture. 

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion from legal counsel,
who may be an employee of or counsel to the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, or other counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. Each such opinion shall include the statements provided for in Section 11.04, if and to the
extent required by the provisions thereof. 

Parent Guarantor means WESCO International, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
the direct parent company of the Issuer and its successors. 

Pari Passu Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the
Issuer or any Guarantor that ranks pari passu in right of payment with the Notes or the Guarantees, as applicable. 

Paying
Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04. 

Payment Default has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.01(a). 

Permitted Security Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 4.10. 

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, unincorporated organization, trust or
joint venture, or a governmental agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Physical Notes means certificated Notes in
registered form that are not Global Notes. 

Preferred Stock means, with respect to any Person, any and all preferred or
preference stock or other equity interests (however designated) of such Person having a preference 

-17- 

or priority over other Equity Interests (however designated) of such Person, whether now outstanding or issued after the Issue Date. 

principal of a Note means the principal of the Note plus the premium, if any, payable on the Note which is due or overdue
or is to become due at the relevant time. 

Principal Facility means any land, building, machinery or equipment, or
leasehold interests and improvements in respect of the foregoing, owned, on the date of this Indenture or thereafter, by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, which has a gross book value (without deduction for any depreciation reserves)
at the date as of which the determination is being made of in excess of 1.0% of the Consolidated Total Assets, other than any such land, building, machinery or equipment, or leasehold interests and improvements in respect of the foregoing which, in
the opinion of the Board of Directors of the Parent Guarantor (evidenced by a board resolution), is not of material importance to the business conducted by the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Private Placement Legend means the legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B. 

Qualified Equity Interests of any Person means Equity Interests of such Person other than Disqualified Equity Interests;
provided that such Equity Interests shall not be deemed Qualified Equity Interests to the extent sold to a Subsidiary of such Person or financed, directly or indirectly, using funds (1) borrowed from such Person or any Subsidiary of such
Person until and to the extent such borrowing is repaid or (2) contributed, extended, guaranteed or advanced by such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person (including, without limitation, in respect of any employee stock ownership or benefit
plan). Unless otherwise specified, Qualified Equity Interests refer to Qualified Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor. 

Qualified Institutional Buyer shall have the meaning specified in Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Qualified Receivables Transaction means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Parent
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries may sell, convey or otherwise transfer to: 

(1) a Receivables Entity (in the case of a transfer by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries); or 

(2) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Entity), 

or may grant a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Parent Guarantor or any of its
Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto, including all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all Guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other
assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable; provided, however, that the financing terms,
covenants, termination events and other provisions 

-18- 

thereof shall be market terms in all material respects at the time of such transaction (as determined in good faith by the Parent Guarantor). The grant of a Security Interest in any accounts
receivable of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries to secure Indebtedness under Credit Facilities shall not be deemed a Qualified Receivables Transaction. 

Rating Agencies means Moodys, S&P and Fitch or, if any of Moodys, S&P or Fitch shall not make a rating
on the Notes publicly available, a nationally recognized statistical rating agency or agencies, as the case may be, selected by the Issuer which shall be substituted for Moodys, S&P or Fitch or any of them, as the case may be. 

Receivables Entity means (a) a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor that is designated by the Board of
Directors of the Parent Guarantor (as provided below) as a Receivables Entity or (b) another Person engaging in a Qualified Receivables Transaction with the Parent Guarantor, which Person engages in the business of the financing of accounts
receivable, and in the case of either clause (a) or (b): 

(1) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other
obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such entity: 

(A) is Guaranteed by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary of
the Parent Guarantor (excluding Guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), 

(B) is recourse to or obligates the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor in any way (other than
pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), or 

(C) subjects any property or asset of the Parent Guarantor or
any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof (other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings); 

(2) the entity is not an Affiliate of the Parent Guarantor or is an entity with which neither the Parent Guarantor nor
any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms that the Parent Guarantor reasonably believes to be no less favorable to the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary than those
that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Parent Guarantor; and 

(3) is an
entity to which neither the Parent Guarantor nor any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entitys financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. 

Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Parent Guarantor shall be evidenced to the Trustee by filing with the Trustee a
certified copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Parent Guarantor giving effect to such designation and an Officers Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions. 

-19- 

Receivables Facility means that certain Fifth Amended and Restated
Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 22, 2020 (as the same may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time) among the Issuer, as servicer, Wesco Receivables Corp., as seller, PNC
Bank, National Association, as administrator and the other parties from time to time party thereto, together with all related agreements and instruments executed and delivered in connection therewith, in each case as amended, restated, amended and
restated, modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or replaced in whole or in part (including by sales of debt securities) from time to time including by or pursuant to any agreement(s) or instrument(s) (including an indenture) extending the maturity
of or refinancing (including increasing the amount of available borrowings thereunder or adding any Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor as borrowers or guarantors thereunder) all or any portion of the Indebtedness under such agreement(s) or
instrument(s) or any successor or replacement bank credit agreement(s) and whether by the same or any other agent, lender, group of lenders, purchasers, debt holders, creditor or group of creditors. 

Redemption Date when used with respect to any Note to be redeemed pursuant to paragraph 5 of the Notes means the date fixed
for such redemption pursuant to the terms of this Indenture and the Notes. 

Registrar has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.04. 

Regulation S means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Regulation S Global Note has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a). 

Regulation S Legend means the legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit D. 

Regulation S Notes has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02. 

Responsible Officer shall mean, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer in the Corporate Trust Department of the
Trustee including any vice president, assistant vice president or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, in each case having
direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture, and any other officer to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject. 

Restricted Global Note means a Global Note that is a Restricted Note. 

Restricted Note has the same meaning as restricted security set forth in Rule 144(a)(3) promulgated under the
Securities Act; provided that the Trustee shall be entitled to request (at the expense of the Issuer) and conclusively rely upon an Opinion of Counsel with respect to whether any Note is a Restricted Note. 

-20- 

Restricted Payment means any of the following: 

(a) the declaration or payment of any dividend or any other distribution on Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor or
any payment made to the direct or indirect holders (in their capacities as such) of Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor, including, without limitation, any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving the Parent Guarantor
but excluding dividends or distributions payable solely in Qualified Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor or through accretion or accumulation of such dividends on such Equity Interests; or 

(b) the repurchase or redemption of any Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor, including, without limitation, any
payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving the Parent Guarantor. 

Restricted Payments Basket has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.09(c). 

Restricted Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(b)(i).

Restricted Physical Note means a Physical Note that is a Restricted Note. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 144A means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 144A Global Note has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a). 

Rule 144A Notes has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Group, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any
successor to its rating agency business 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any sale or transfer made by the Parent
Guarantor or one or more of its Subsidiaries (except a sale or transfer made to the Parent Guarantor or one or more of its Subsidiaries) of any Principal Facility that (in the case of a Principal Facility which is a building or equipment) has been
in operation, use or commercial production (exclusive of test and start-up periods) by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries for more than 180 days prior to such sale or transfer, or that (in the
case of a Principal Facility that is a parcel of real property not containing a building) has been owned by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries for more than 180 days prior to such sale or transfer, if such sale or transfer is made with
the intention of leasing, or as part of an arrangement involving the lease of such Principal Facility to the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (except a lease for a period not exceeding 36 months made with the intention that the use of the
leased Principal Facility by the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary will be discontinued on or before the expiration of such period). The creation of any Secured Debt permitted under Section 4.10 shall not be deemed to create or be considered
a Sale and Leaseback Transaction. 

-21- 

Secured Debt means outstanding Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor or
any of its Subsidiaries which is secured by (a) a Security Interest in any property or assets of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, or (b) a Security Interest in any shares of Capital Stock owned directly or indirectly by the
Parent Guarantor in a Subsidiary. The securing in the foregoing manner of any previously unsecured debt shall be deemed to be the creation of Secured Debt at the time such security is given. The amount of Secured Debt at any time outstanding shall
be the aggregate principal amount then owing thereon by the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries. 

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Security Interest means any mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or other
security interest which secures payment or performance of an obligation. 

Senior Secured Leverage Ratio means, as of
the date of determination, the ratio of (a) Total Debt secured by a Security Interest to (b) Consolidated Cash Flow Available for Fixed Charges for the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period ending immediately prior to such date
for which financial statements are available. In the event that the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries incurs, redeems, retires, defeases or extinguishes any Total Debt (other than Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility unless such
Indebtedness has been permanently paid and not replaced) subsequent to the commencement of the period for which the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio is being calculated but prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of the
Senior Secured Leverage Ratio is made, then the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such incurrence, redemption, retirement, defeasance or extinguishment of Total Debt as if the same had occurred at the
beginning of the applicable four-quarter period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the definition of Consolidated Cash Flow Available for Fixed Charges (and all component definitions referenced in such definitions), whenever pro
forma effect is to be given to Asset Acquisition, Asset Disposition or incurrence, redemption, retirement, defeasance or extinguishment of Total Debt, the pro forma calculations shall be determined in good faith by a responsible officer of the
Issuer. 

Significant Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in
Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Regulation is in effect on the Issue Date. 

Standard Securitization Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into by the
Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor that, taken as a whole, are customary in an accounts receivable transaction. 

subsidiary of any Person means a corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which
more than 50% of the outstanding Voting Stock is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other subsidiaries of such Person (or a combination thereof). For purposes of this Indenture, any reference to a
Subsidiary is a subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor or the Issuer, as applicable. 

Subsidiary
Guarantor means Anixter Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors. 

-22- 

Terminated Covenants has the meaning set forth in Section 4.15(a).

Third Party Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 7.07. 

TIA or Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (15 U.S. Code 
77aaa-77bbbb) as in effect on the date of this Indenture (except as amended to the extent required by law). 

Total Debt
means, at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of all outstanding Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of
Section 4.10, a binding commitment to lend under a revolving credit facility shall be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness in the full amount of such commitment on the date that such commitment is entered into, regardless of whether the
full amount of such revolving credit facility is actually borrowed, and thereafter the amount of such commitment shall be deemed fully borrowed at all times. 

Total Leverage Ratio means, as of the date of determination, the ratio of (a) Total Debt to (b) Consolidated Cash
Flow Available for Fixed Charges for the most recently ended four fiscal quarter period ending immediately prior to such date for which financial statements are available. In the event that the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary incurs, redeems,
retires, defeases or extinguishes any Total Debt (other than Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility unless such Indebtedness has been permanently paid and not replaced) subsequent to the commencement of the period for which the Total
Leverage Ratio is being calculated but prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio is made, then the Total Leverage Ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such incurrence, redemption,
retirement, defeasance or extinguishment of Total Debt as if the same had occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the definition of Consolidated Cash Flow Available for
Fixed Charges (and all component definitions referenced in such definitions), whenever pro forma effect is to be given to Asset Acquisition, Asset Disposition or incurrence, redemption, retirement, defeasance or extinguishment of Total Debt, the pro
forma calculations shall be determined in good faith by a responsible officer of the Issuer. 

Transfer means to sell,
assign, transfer, lease (other than pursuant to an operating lease entered into in the ordinary course of business), convey or otherwise dispose of, including by a Sale and Leaseback Transaction, consolidation, merger, liquidation, dissolution or
otherwise, in one transaction or a series of transactions. 

Treasury Management Arrangement means any agreement or
other arrangement governing the provision of treasury or cash management services, including deposit accounts, overdraft, credit or debit card, funds transfer, automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, controlled
disbursement, lockbox, account reconciliation and reporting and trade finance services and other cash management services. 

-23- 

Trustee means the party named as such in this Indenture until a successor
replaces it pursuant to this Indenture and thereafter means the successor. 

Unrestricted Global Note means a Global
Note that is not a Restricted Note. 

Unrestricted Physical Note means a Physical Note that is not a Restricted Note.

U.S. Government Obligations means marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed as to full
and timely payment by, the United States Government or issued by any agency or instrumentality thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America that, in each case, mature within one year from the date of acquisition
thereof and are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof. 

U.S. Person means a U.S.
person as defined in Rule 902(k) under the Securities Act. 

Usage Date has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.11. 

Voting Stock means any class or classes of Capital Stock pursuant to which the holders thereof have
power to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees of any Person (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency).

Wholly Owned Subsidiary of any Person means a subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Capital Stock or other
ownership interests of which (other than directors qualifying shares) shall at the time be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such
Person. 

SECTION 1.02. No Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. 

This Indenture is not qualified under the TIA, and the TIA shall not apply to or in any way govern the terms of this Indenture. As a result, no
provisions of the TIA are incorporated into this Indenture unless expressly incorporated pursuant to this Indenture. 

SECTION 1.03. Rules of
Construction. 

Unless the context otherwise requires: 

(1) a term has the meaning assigned to it herein, whether defined expressly or by reference; 

(2) or is not exclusive; 

(3) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular; 

-24- 

(4) words used herein implying any gender shall apply to both genders;

(5) herein, hereof and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and
not to any particular Article, Section or other clause; 

(6) unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms
used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP; 

(7) $ and U.S. Dollars each refer to United States dollars, or such other money of the United
States of America that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; 

(8) will shall be interpreted to express a command; and 

(9) including means including without limitation. 

ARTICLE TWO 

THE SECURITIES 

SECTION 2.01. Amount of Notes. 

The Trustee shall initially authenticate the Initial Notes for original issue on the Issue Date upon a written order of the Issuer signed by
one Officer, together with an Officers Certificate of the Issuer. The Trustee shall authenticate Additional Notes thereafter in unlimited amount for original issue upon a written order of the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate
in aggregate principal amount as specified in such order. The Trustee shall also authenticate (i) replacement Notes as provided in Section 2.08, (ii) temporary Notes as provided in Section 2.11, (iii) Notes issued in connection with
certain transfers and exchanges as provided in Sections 2.07, 2.16 and 2.17, (iv) Notes issued in connection with a partial redemption of the Notes as provided in Section 3.06 or a partial repurchase of a Note as provided in Section 4.07
and (v) Notes exchanged as provided in Section 8.04, in each case upon a written order of the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate in aggregate principal amount as specified in such order. Each such written order shall
specify the principal amount of Notes to be authenticated and the date on which the Notes are to be authenticated. 

SECTION 2.02. Form and
Dating; Legends. 

The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication with respect thereto shall be substantially in the
form set forth in Exhibit A, each of which is incorporated in and forms a part of this Indenture. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. 

The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, rule or usage to which the Issuer is subject. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Notes offered and sold to Qualified Institutional Buyers in reliance on Rule 144A (Rule 144A Notes), Notes offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S (Regulation S
Notes) and 

-25- 

all other Restricted Notes shall bear the Private Placement Legend. All Global Notes shall bear the Global Note Legend. Regulation S Notes shall bear the Regulation S Legend. 

The terms and provisions contained in the Notes shall constitute, and are expressly made, a part of this Indenture and, to the extent
applicable, the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and agree to be bound thereby. If there is a conflict between the terms of the Notes and this
Indenture, the terms of this Indenture shall govern. 

The Notes may be presented for registration of transfer and exchange at the offices
of the Registrar. 

SECTION 2.03. Execution and Authentication. 

The Notes shall be executed on behalf of the Issuer by an Officer of the Issuer. The signature of any of these Officers on the Notes may be
manual or facsimile. 

If an Officer whose signature is on a Note was an Officer at the time of such execution but no longer holds that
office at the time the Trustee authenticates the Note, the Note shall be valid nevertheless. 

No Note shall be entitled to any benefit
under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Note a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein executed by the Trustee by manual signature, and such certificate upon any
Note shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Note shall have been authenticated and delivered hereunder but never issued and sold
by the Issuer, and the Issuer shall deliver such Note to the Trustee for cancellation as provided in Section 2.12, for all purposes of this Indenture such Note shall be deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered hereunder and shall
never be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture. 

The Trustee may appoint one or more authenticating agents reasonably acceptable to
the Issuer to authenticate the Notes. Unless otherwise provided in the appointment, an authenticating agent may authenticate the Notes whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes
authentication by such agent. An authenticating agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with the Issuer and Affiliates of the Issuer. Each Paying Agent is designated as an authenticating agent for purposes of this Indenture. 

The Notes shall be issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess of
$2,000. 

SECTION 2.04. Registrar and Paying Agent. 

The Issuer shall maintain (a) an office or agency where Notes may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange (the
Registrar), (b) an office or agency in the city in the United States in which the Trustees Corporate Trust Office is located, where Notes may be presented for payment (the Paying Agent) and
(c) an office or agency where notices and 

-26- 

demands to or upon the Issuer, if any, in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Registrar shall keep a register of the Notes and of their transfer and exchange. The Registrar
shall provide a copy of such register from time to time upon request of the Issuer. The Issuer may appoint one or more co-registrars and one or more additional Paying Agents. The term Registrar
includes any co-registrars. The term Paying Agents means the Paying Agent and any additional Paying Agents. The Issuer or any Affiliate thereof may act as Registrar or a Paying Agent. 

The Issuer shall enter into an appropriate agency agreement with any Agent that is not a party to this Indenture. The agreement shall
implement the provisions of this Indenture that relate to such Agent. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of the name and address of any such Agent. If the Issuer fails to maintain a Registrar or any required
co-registrar or Paying Agent, or fails to give the foregoing notice, the Trustee shall act as such and shall be entitled to appropriate compensation in accordance with Section 7.07. 

The Issuer initially appoints the Trustee as Registrar, Paying Agent and Depositary Custodian. 

The Issuer initially appoints The Depository Trust Company to act as Depositary with respect to the Global Notes. The Issuer may change the
Depositary at any time without notice to any Holder, but the Issuer will notify the Trustee of the name and address of any new Depositary. 

The Issuer shall be responsible for making calculations called for under the Notes, including but not limited to determination of redemption
price, premium, if any, and any additional amounts or other amounts payable on the Notes. The Issuer will make the calculations in good faith and, absent manifest error, its calculations will be final and binding on the Holders. The Issuer will
provide a schedule of its calculations to the Trustee when reasonably requested by the Trustee, and the Trustee is entitled to rely conclusively on the accuracy of the Issuers calculations without independent verification. The Trustee shall
forward the Issuers calculations referred to above in this paragraph to any Holder of the Notes upon the written request of such Holder. 

SECTION
2.05. Paying Agent To Hold Money in Trust. 

The Paying Agent shall hold in trust for the benefit of the Noteholders or the
Trustee all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal of or premium or interest on the Notes (whether such money has been paid to it by the Issuer, one or more of the Guarantors or any other obligor on the Notes), and the Issuer
and the Paying Agent shall notify the Trustee of any default by the Issuer (or any other obligor on the Notes) in making any such payment. Money held in trust by a Paying Agent need not be segregated except as required by law and in no event shall a
Paying Agent be liable for any interest on any money received by it hereunder. The Issuer at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee and account for any funds disbursed and the Trustee may at any time during
the continuance of any Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(1) or (2), upon written request to a Paying Agent, require such Paying Agent to pay forthwith all money so held by it to the Trustee and to account for any funds disbursed. Upon
making such payment, such Paying Agent shall have no further liability for the money delivered to the Trustee. 

-27- 

SECTION 2.06. Noteholder Lists. 

The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of
the Noteholders. If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee at least five Business Days before each Interest Payment Date, and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of
such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Noteholders. 

SECTION 2.07. Transfer and Exchange. 

Subject to Sections 2.16 and 2.17, when Notes are presented to the Registrar with a request from the Holder of such Notes to register a
transfer or to exchange them for an equal principal amount of Notes of other authorized denominations, the Registrar shall register the transfer as requested. Every Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be duly
endorsed or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Registrar, duly executed by the Holder thereof or his attorneys duly authorized in writing. To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges,
the Issuer shall issue and execute and, upon receipt of a written order of the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate in accordance with Section 2.01, the Trustee shall authenticate new Notes (and the Guarantors shall execute the
Guarantees thereon) evidencing such transfer or exchange at the Registrars request. No service charge shall be made to the Noteholder for any registration of transfer or exchange. The Issuer or the Trustee may require from the Noteholder
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer taxes or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to a transfer or exchange, but this provision shall not apply to any exchange pursuant to Section 2.11, 3.06, 3.07, 4.07 or
8.04 (in which events the Issuer shall be responsible for the payment of such taxes). The Registrar shall not be required to exchange or register a transfer of any Note for a period of 15 days immediately preceding the mailing of notice of
redemption of Notes to be redeemed or of any Note selected, called or being called for redemption except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. 

Any Holder of a Global Note shall, by acceptance of such Global Note, agree that transfers of the beneficial interests in such Global Note may
be effected only through a book-entry system maintained by the Holder of such Global Note (or its agent), and that ownership of a beneficial interest in the Global Note shall be required to be reflected in a book entry. By its acceptance of any Note
bearing the Private Placement Legend, each Holder of such Note acknowledges the restrictions on transfer of such Note set forth in this Indenture and in the Private Placement Legend and agrees that it will transfer such Note only as provided in this
Indenture. 

SECTION 2.08. Replacement Notes. 

If a mutilated Note is surrendered to the Registrar or the Trustee, or if the Holder of a Note claims that the Note has been lost, destroyed or
wrongfully taken, the Issuer shall issue and, upon receipt of a written order of the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate in accordance with Section 2.01, the Trustee shall authenticate a replacement Note (and the Guarantors
shall execute the Guarantees thereon) if the Holder of such Note furnishes to the Issuer 

-28- 

and the Trustee evidence reasonably acceptable to them of the ownership and the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and if the requirements of
Section 8-405 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date of this Indenture are met. If required by the Trustee or the Issuer, an indemnity bond shall be posted, sufficient in the
judgment of all to protect the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee, the Registrar and any Paying Agent from any loss that any of them may suffer if such Note is replaced. The Issuer may charge such Holder for the Issuers reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in replacing such Note and the Trustee may charge the Issuer for the Trustees reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements) in replacing such Note and may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax, assessment, fee or other
charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith.
Every replacement Note shall constitute a contractual obligation of the Issuer. The provisions of this Section 2.08 are exclusive and will preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment
of lost, destroyed, mutilated or wrongfully taken Notes. 

SECTION 2.09. Outstanding Notes. 

The Notes outstanding at any time are all Notes that have been authenticated by the Trustee except for (a) those canceled by or on behalf
of the Trustee, (b) those accepted by the Trustee for cancellation, (c) to the extent set forth in Sections 9.01 and 9.02, on or after the date on which the conditions set forth in Section 9.01 or 9.02 have been satisfied, those
Notes theretofore authenticated by the Trustee hereunder and (d) those described in this Section 2.09 as not outstanding. Subject to Section 2.10, a Note does not cease to be outstanding because the Issuer or one of its Affiliates
holds the Note. 

If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.08, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof
satisfactory to the Issuer that the replaced Note is held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Note is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Issuer. 

If a Paying Agent holds, in its capacity as such, on any Maturity Date, U.S. Dollars sufficient to pay all accrued interest and principal with
respect to the Notes payable on that date, then on and after that date such Notes shall cease to be outstanding and interest on them shall cease to accrue. 

SECTION 2.10. Treasury Notes. 

In
determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of Notes have concurred in any declaration of acceleration or notice of default or direction, waiver or consent or any amendment, modification or other change to this Indenture, Notes
owned by the Issuer or any other Affiliate of the Issuer shall be disregarded as though they were not outstanding, except that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent
or any amendment, modification or other change to this Indenture, only Notes as to which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actually received an Officers Certificate stating that such Notes are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so
owned which have been pledged in good faith shall not be disregarded if the pledgee established to the 

-29- 

satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right so to act with respect to the Notes and that the pledgee is not the Issuer, a Guarantor, any other obligor on the Notes or any of their
respective Affiliates. 

SECTION 2.11. Temporary Notes. 

Until definitive Notes are prepared and ready for delivery, the Issuer may prepare and, upon receipt of a written order of the Issuer in the
form of an Officers Certificate in accordance with Section 2.01, the Trustee shall authenticate temporary Notes. Temporary Notes shall be substantially in the form of definitive Notes but may have variations that the Issuer considers
appropriate for temporary Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Issuer shall prepare and, upon receipt of a written order of the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate in accordance with Section 2.01, the Trustee shall
authenticate definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes. Until such exchange, temporary Notes shall be entitled to the same rights, benefits and privileges as definitive Notes. 

SECTION 2.12. Cancellation. 

The
Issuer at any time may deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and the Paying Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Notes surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee shall cancel all Notes
surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, payment, replacement or cancellation and shall dispose of such canceled Notes in its customary manner. The Issuer may not reissue or resell or issue new Notes to replace Notes that the Issuer has
redeemed or paid, or that have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. 

SECTION 2.13. Defaulted Interest. 

If the Issuer defaults on a payment of interest on the Notes, the Issuer shall pay the defaulted interest then borne by the Notes plus (to the
extent permitted by law) any interest payable on the defaulted interest, in accordance with the terms hereof, to the Persons who are Holders thereof on a subsequent special record date, which date shall be at least five Business Days prior to the
payment date. If such default continues for thirty (30) days, the Issuer shall fix such special record date and payment date in a manner satisfactory to the Trustee. At least 10 days before such special record date, the Issuer (or upon the
written request of the Issuer, the Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Issuer) shall mail to each affected Noteholder a notice that states the special record date, the payment date and the amount of defaulted interest, and interest
payable on defaulted interest, if any, to be paid. The Issuer may make payment of any defaulted interest in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements (if applicable) of any securities exchange on which the Notes may be listed
and, upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, if, after written notice given by the Issuer to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this sentence, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee. If the
Issuer elects for the Trustee to send such notice to the Holders then the Issuer shall provide such notice to the Trustee at least five (5) days (or such shorter time as may be agreed by the Trustee in its discretion) before such notice is
required to be mailed to the Holders. 

-30- 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any interest which is paid prior to the expiration of the 30-day period set forth in Section 6.01(1) shall be paid to Holders as of the record date for the Interest Payment Date for which interest has not been paid. 

SECTION 2.14. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers. 

The Issuer in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP and ISIN numbers, and if so used, such CUSIP and ISIN numbers shall be
included in notices as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP or ISIN numbers printed in the notice or on the Notes, that reliance may be
placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes, and any such notice shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such CUSIP or ISIN numbers. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee, in writing, of any such CUSIP
or ISIN number used by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Notes and of any change in any such CUSIP or ISIN number. 

SECTION 2.15. 
Deposit of Moneys. 

Prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on each Interest Payment Date and Maturity Date, the Issuer shall have
deposited with the Paying Agent in immediately available funds U.S. Dollars sufficient to make cash payments, if any, due on such Interest Payment Date or Maturity Date, as the case may be, in a timely manner which permits such Paying Agents to
remit payment to the Holders on such Interest Payment Date or Maturity Date, as the case may be. The principal and interest on Global Notes shall be payable to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the sole registered owner and the
sole Holder of the Global Notes represented thereby. The principal and interest on Physical Notes shall be payable, either in person, by wire transfer or by mail, at the office of the Paying Agent. Final payment of principal at maturity will only be
made by the Trustee upon surrender of the related Note to the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office. 

SECTION 2.16. Book-Entry Provisions for
Global Notes. 

(a) Rule 144A Notes initially shall be represented by one or more Notes in registered, global form without
interest coupons (collectively, the Rule 144A Global Note). Regulation S Notes initially shall be represented by one or more Notes in registered, global form without interest coupons (collectively, the Regulation S Global
Note). The term Global Notes means the Rule 144A Global Note and the Regulation S Global Note. The Global Notes shall bear the Global Note Legend. The Global Notes initially shall (i) be registered in the name of
the Depositary or the nominee of such Depositary, in each case for credit to an account of an Agent Member, (ii) be delivered to the Trustee as custodian for such Depositary and (iii) bear the Private Placement Legend. 

Members of, or direct or indirect participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members) shall have no rights under this Indenture
with respect to any Global Note held on their behalf by the Depositary or under the Global Notes. The Depositary may be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee as the absolute owner of the Global Notes for all
purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Issuer, the Trustee 

-31- 

or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its
Agent Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a Holder of any Note. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agent nor the Registrar shall have any responsibility or liability for any acts or
omissions of the Depositary with respect to such Global Note, for the records of the Depositary, including records in respect of the beneficial owners of any such Global Note, for any transactions between the Depositary and any Agent Member or
between or among the Depositary, any such Agent Member and/or any Holder or beneficial owner of such Global Note, or for any transfers of beneficial interests in any such Global Note. 

(b) Transfers of Global Notes shall be limited to transfer in whole, but not in part, to the Depositary, its successors or their
respective nominees. Interests of beneficial owners in the Global Notes may be transferred or exchanged for Physical Notes only in accordance with the applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary and the provisions of Section 2.17. In
addition, a Global Note shall be exchangeable for Physical Notes (i) if requested by a holder of such interests upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Depositary or its nominee on behalf of any beneficial owner and in
accordance with the rules and procedures of the Depositary and provisions of this Section 2.16 or (ii) if the Depositary notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Global Note and the Issuer
thereupon fail to appoint a successor depositary within 90 days or (iii) if the Depositary has ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act or (iv) if there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with
respect to such Global Note and the Depository has requested such exchange. In all cases, Physical Notes delivered in exchange for any Global Note or beneficial interests therein shall be registered in the names, and issued in any approved
denominations, requested by or on behalf of the Depositary in accordance with its customary procedures. 

(c) In connection with the
transfer of a Global Note as an entirety to beneficial owners pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 2.16, such Global Note shall be deemed to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Issuer shall execute and, upon receipt
of a written order of the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate in accordance with Section 2.01, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, to each beneficial owner identified by the Depositary in writing in exchange for its
beneficial interest in such Global Note, an equal aggregate principal amount of Physical Notes of authorized denominations. 

(d) Any
Restricted Physical Note delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Note pursuant to Section 2.17 shall, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.17, bear the Private Placement Legend. 

(e) The Holder of any Global Note may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may
hold interests through Agent Members, to take any action which a Holder is entitled to take under this Indenture or the Notes. 

SECTION 2.17. 
Transfer and Exchange of Notes. 

(a) Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. A Global Note may not be transferred as a
whole except as set forth in Section 2.16(b). Global Notes will not be exchanged 

-32- 

by the Issuer for Physical Notes except under the circumstances described in Section in Section 2.16(b). Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in
Sections 2.08 and 2.11. Beneficial interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 2.17(b) or 2.17(f). 

(b) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the
Global Notes shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary. Beneficial interests in Restricted Global Notes shall be subject to restrictions on
transfer comparable to those set forth herein to the extent required by the Securities Act. Beneficial interests in Global Notes shall be transferred or exchanged only for beneficial interests in Global Notes. Transfers and exchanges of beneficial
interests in the Global Notes also shall require compliance with either subparagraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable, as well as one or more of the other following subparagraphs, as applicable: 

(i) Transfer of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Restricted Global Note
may be transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same Restricted Global Note in accordance with the transfer restrictions set forth in the Private Placement Legend; provided, however,
that prior to the 40th day after the later of the commencement of the offering of the Notes represented by a Regulation S Global Note and the issue date of such Notes (such period through and including such 40th day, the Restricted
Period), transfers of beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be made to a U.S. Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than an Initial Purchaser). A beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global
Note may be transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note. No written orders or instructions shall be required to be delivered to the Registrar to effect the transfers described
in this Section 2.17(b)(i). 

(ii) All Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial Interests in Global
Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests in any Global Note that is not subject to Section 2.17(b)(i), the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Registrar (1) a written order
from an Agent Member given to the Depositary in accordance with the applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary directing the Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the
beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance with the applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary containing information regarding the Agent Member account to be credited with such increase.
Upon satisfaction of all of the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in this Indenture and the Notes, the Trustee shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Note(s) pursuant to
Section 2.17(f). 

(iii) Transfer of Beneficial Interests to Another Restricted Global Note. A beneficial
interest in a Restricted Global Note may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Restricted Global Note if the 

-33- 

transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.17(b)(ii) above and the Registrar receives the following: 

(A) if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Note, then the
transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit E, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; and 

(B) if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note, then the
transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit E, including the certifications in item (2) thereof. 

(iv) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for Beneficial Interests in an
Unrestricted Global Note. A beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note may be exchanged by any holder thereof for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a
beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note if the exchange or transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.17(b)(ii) above and the Registrar receives the following: 

(A) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest
for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit F, including the certifications in item (1)(a) thereof; or 

(B) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest
to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit E, including the certifications in item
(4) thereof, 

and, in each such case, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such
exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. If any such
transfer or exchange is effected pursuant to this subparagraph (iv) at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Issuer shall issue and, upon receipt of a written order of the Issuer in the form of an Officers
Certificate in accordance with Section 2.01, the Trustee shall authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of beneficial interests transferred or exchanged pursuant
to this subparagraph (iv). 

(v) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted Global Note
for Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note. Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note cannot be exchanged for, or transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of, a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global
Note. 

(c) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes for Physical Notes. A beneficial interest in a
Global Note may not be exchanged for a Physical Note except 

-34- 

under the circumstances described in Section 2.16(b). A beneficial interest in a Global Note may not be transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Physical Note
except under the circumstances described in Section 2.16(b). 

(d) Transfer and Exchange of Physical Notes for Beneficial
Interests in Global Notes. Transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests in the Global Notes also shall require compliance with either subparagraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below, as applicable: 

(i) Restricted Physical Notes to Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes. If any Holder of a Restricted
Physical Note proposes to exchange such Restricted Physical Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note or to transfer such Restricted Physical Note to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a
Restricted Global Note, then, upon receipt by the Registrar of the following documentation: 

(A) if the Holder of
such Restricted Physical Note proposes to exchange such Restricted Physical Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit F, including the certifications in item (2)(a)
thereof; 

(B) if such Restricted Physical Note is being transferred to a Qualified Institutional Buyer in accordance
with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit E, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; 

(C) if such Restricted Physical Note is being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person in
an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit E, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; 

(D) if such Restricted Physical Note is being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit E, including the certifications in item (3)(a) thereof; or 

(E) if such Restricted Physical Note is being transferred to the Issuer or a Subsidiary thereof, a certificate to the
effect set forth in Exhibit E, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof, 

the Trustee shall cancel the
Restricted Physical Note, and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of the appropriate Restricted Global Note. 

(ii) Restricted Physical Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder of a Restricted
Physical Note may exchange such Restricted Physical Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Restricted Physical Note to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an
Unrestricted Global Note only if the Registrar receives the following: 

-35- 

(A) if the Holder of such Restricted Physical Note proposes to
exchange such Restricted Physical Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit F, including the certifications in item (1)(b) thereof; or 

(B) if the Holder of such Restricted Physical Notes proposes to transfer such Restricted Physical Note to a Person who
shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit E, including the certifications in item (4) thereof, 

and, in each such case, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in
compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon satisfaction of the conditions of this
subparagraph (ii), the Trustee shall cancel the Restricted Physical Notes and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of the Unrestricted Global Note. If any such transfer or exchange is effected pursuant to this
subparagraph (ii) at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Issuer shall issue and, upon receipt of a written order of the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate in accordance with Section 2.01,
the Trustee shall authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of Restricted Physical Notes transferred or exchanged pursuant to this subparagraph (ii). 

(iii) Unrestricted Physical Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder of an
Unrestricted Physical Note may exchange such Unrestricted Physical Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Unrestricted Physical Note to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest
in an Unrestricted Global Note at any time. Upon receipt of a request for such an exchange or transfer, the Trustee shall cancel the applicable Unrestricted Physical Note and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of one of
the Unrestricted Global Notes. If any such transfer or exchange is effected pursuant to this subparagraph (iii) at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Issuer shall issue and, upon receipt of a written order of
the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate in accordance with Section 2.01, the Trustee shall authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of
Unrestricted Physical Notes transferred or exchanged pursuant to this subparagraph (iii). 

(iv) Unrestricted
Physical Notes to Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes. An Unrestricted Physical Note cannot be exchanged for, or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of, a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note.

(e) Transfer and Exchange of Physical Notes for Physical Notes. Upon request by a Holder of Physical Notes and such
Holders compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.17(e), the Registrar shall register the transfer or exchange of Physical Notes. Prior to such 

-36- 

registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or surrender to the Registrar the Physical Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in
form satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder shall provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required
pursuant to the following provisions of this Section 2.17(e). 

(i) Restricted Physical Notes to Restricted
Physical Notes. A Restricted Physical Note may be transferred to and registered in the name of a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Physical Note if the Registrar receives the following: 

(A) if the transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, then the transferor must deliver a
certificate in the form of Exhibit E, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; 

(B) if the transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, then the transferor must
deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit E, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; 

(C) if
the transfer will be made pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit E, including the certifications
in item (3)(a) thereof; and 

(D) if such transfer will be made to the Issuer or a Subsidiary thereof, a certificate
to the effect set forth in Exhibit E, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof. 

(ii) Restricted
Physical Notes to Unrestricted Physical Notes. Any Restricted Physical Note may be exchanged by the Holder thereof for an Unrestricted Physical Note or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Physical
Note if the Registrar receives the following: 

(1) if the Holder of such Restricted Physical Note proposes to
exchange such Restricted Physical Note for an Unrestricted Physical Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit F, including the certifications in item (1)(c) thereof; or 

(2) if the Holder of such Restricted Physical Note proposes to transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery
thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Physical Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit E, including the certifications in item (4) thereof, 

and, in each such case, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Issuer to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in
compliance with the Securities Act and 

-37- 

that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. 

(iii) Unrestricted Physical Notes to Unrestricted Physical Notes. A Holder of an Unrestricted Physical Note may
transfer such Unrestricted Physical Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Physical Note at any time. Upon receipt of a request to register such a transfer, the Registrar shall register the Unrestricted Physical
Notes pursuant to the instructions from the Holder thereof. 

(iv) Unrestricted Physical Notes to Restricted
Physical Notes. An Unrestricted Physical Note cannot be exchanged for, or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of, a Restricted Physical Note. 

(f) Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note have
been exchanged for Physical Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note shall be returned to or retained and canceled by the Trustee in accordance with
Section 2.12. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note or for
Physical Notes, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note shall be reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such
reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note shall be increased accordingly and an
endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such increase. 

(g) Private Placement Legend. Upon the registration of transfer, exchange or replacement of Notes not bearing the Private
Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver Notes that do not bear the Private Placement Legend. Upon the registration of transfer, exchange or replacement of Notes bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Notes that
bear the Private Placement Legend unless (i) there is delivered to the Registrar an Opinion of Counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee to the effect that neither such legend nor the related restrictions on transfer are
required in order to maintain compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act or (ii) such Note has been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and the Registrar has received an Officers
Certificate from the Issuer to such effect. 

(h) General. All Global Notes and Physical Notes issued upon any registration of
transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Physical Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Global Notes or Physical Notes surrendered upon such
registration of transfer or exchange. 

The Registrar shall retain for a period of two years copies of all letters, notices and other
written communications received pursuant to Section 2.16 or this Section 2.17. The Issuer 

-38- 

shall have the right to inspect and make copies of all such letters, notices or other written communications at any reasonable time upon the giving of reasonable notice to the Registrar. 

None of the Issuer, the Trustee, Paying Agent nor any Agent of the Issuer shall have any responsibility or liability in any respect of the
records relating to or payment made on account of beneficial interests in a Global Note, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 

Neither the Trustee nor the Registrar shall have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any
restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between or among Agent Members or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Note)
other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial
compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof. 

SECTION 2.18. Computation of Interest. 

Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months and actual days elapsed. 

ARTICLE THREE 

REDEMPTION 

SECTION 3.01. Election To Redeem; Notices
to Trustee. 

If the Issuer elects to redeem Notes pursuant to paragraph 5 of the Notes, at least 10 days prior to the Redemption Date,
the Issuer shall notify the Trustee in writing of the Redemption Date, the principal amount of such Notes to be redeemed and the redemption price(s), and deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that such redemption will comply
with the conditions contained in paragraph 5 of such Notes. Notice given to the Trustee pursuant to this Section 3.01 may not be revoked after the time that notice is given to Noteholders pursuant to Section 3.03, but it may be conditional
as set forth in Section 3.03. If the redemption price is not known at the time such notice is to be given, the actual redemption price, calculated as described in the terms of such Notes, will be set forth in an Officers Certificate
delivered to the Trustee no later than two Business Days prior to the redemption date. 

SECTION 3.02. Selection by Trustee of Notes To Be
Redeemed. 

If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, selection of such Notes for redemption will be made by the
Trustee on a pro rata basis to the extent practicable (or, in the case of Global Notes, the Notes will be selected for redemption based on the Depositarys applicable procedures); provided that no Notes with a principal amount of
$2,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. For all purposes of this Indenture unless the context otherwise requires, provisions of this Indenture that apply to Notes called for redemption also apply to portions of

-39- 

Notes called for redemption. Redemption amounts shall only be paid upon presentation and surrender of any such Notes to be redeemed to the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office. 

SECTION 3.03. Notice of Redemption. 

At least 10 days, and no more than 60 days, before a Redemption Date, the Issuer shall send, or cause to be sent, a notice of redemption
electronically or by first-class mail to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed at his or her last address as the same appears on the registry books maintained by the Registrar pursuant to Section 2.06. 

The notice shall identify the Notes to be redeemed (including the CUSIP and/or ISIN numbers thereof) and shall state: 

(1) the Redemption Date; 

(2) the redemption price and the amount of premium and accrued interest to be paid; 

(3) if any Notes are being redeemed in part, the portion of the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed and that,
after the Redemption Date and upon surrender of such Note, a new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion will be issued; 

(4) the name and address of the Paying Agent; 

(5) that Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price; 

(6) that unless the Issuer defaults in making the redemption payment, interest on Notes called for redemption ceases to
accrue on and after the Redemption Date; 

(7) that paragraph 5 of the Notes is the provision of the Notes pursuant to
which the redemption is occurring; 

(8) the aggregate principal amount of Notes that are being redeemed; 

(9) any conditions precedent to such redemption in reasonable detail; and 

(10) that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP or ISIN numbers printed in the notice
or on the Notes, and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes. 

At the Issuers
written request made at least five Business Days prior to the date on which notice is to be given (unless a shorter notice shall be agreed to in writing by the Trustee), together with the notice of redemption to be given, the Trustee shall give the
notice of redemption in the Issuers name and at the Issuers sole expense. 

-40- 

Any notice of redemption may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more
conditions precedent with respect to completion of a corporate transaction (including, but not limited to, any merger, acquisition, disposition, asset sale or corporate restructuring or reorganization) or financing (including, but not limited to,
any incurrence of Indebtedness (or entering into a commitment with respect thereto), Sale and Leaseback Transaction, issuance of securities, equity offering or contribution, liability management transaction or other capital raise) and may be given
prior to the completion thereof. If any notice of redemption is subject to one or more conditions precedent, the notice shall describe each condition, and the notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all of the conditions shall not have been
satisfied by the Redemption Date if the Issuer delivers an Officers Certificate to the Trustee describing the failure of the condition in reasonable detail and rescinding the redemption. The Issuer may provide in such notice that payment of
the redemption price and performance of the Issuers obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person. The Trustee shall promptly provide a copy of such Officers Certificate to the Holders in the same manner
in which the notice of redemption was given. 

SECTION 3.04. Effect of Notice of Redemption. 

Once the notice of redemption described in Section 3.03 is sent and subject to the proviso to this sentence, the Notes called for
redemption become due and payable on the Redemption Date and at the redemption price, including any premium, plus interest accrued to the Redemption Date; provided, however, that any redemption and notice thereof pursuant to this
Indenture may, pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 3.03, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, and if the notice is rescinded in the event that any or all of the conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption Date,
the Issuer shall have no obligation to redeem Notes on such Redemption Date. Upon surrender to the Paying Agent, such Notes shall be paid at the redemption price, including any premium, plus interest accrued to the Redemption Date; provided
that if the Redemption Date is after a regular record date and on or prior to the Interest Payment Date, the accrued interest shall be payable to the Holder of the redeemed Notes registered on the relevant record date; and provided,
further, that if a Redemption Date is a Legal Holiday, payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and no interest shall accrue for the period from such Redemption Date to such succeeding Business Day. 

SECTION 3.05. Deposit of Redemption Price. 

On or prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on each Redemption Date, the Issuer shall deposit with the Paying Agent U.S. Dollars
sufficient to pay the redemption price of, including premium, if any, and accrued interest on any and all Notes to be redeemed on that date (other than Notes or portions thereof called for redemption on that date which have been delivered by the
Issuer to the Trustee for cancellation). 

On and after any Redemption Date, if money sufficient to pay the redemption price of, including
premium, if any, and accrued interest on all Notes called for redemption shall have been made available in accordance with the immediately preceding paragraph, the Notes called for redemption will cease to accrue interest and the only right of the
Holders of such Notes will be to receive payment of the redemption price of and, subject to the first proviso in Section 3.04, accrued 

-41- 

and unpaid interest on such Notes to the Redemption Date. If any Note surrendered for redemption shall not be so paid, interest will be paid, from the Redemption Date until such redemption
payment is made, on the unpaid principal of the Note and (to the extent permitted by applicable law) any interest not paid on such unpaid principal, in each case at the rate and in the manner provided in the Notes. 

SECTION 3.06. Notes Redeemed in Part. 

Upon surrender of a Note that is redeemed in part, the Issuer shall execute and, upon receipt of a written order of the Issuer in the form of
an Officers Certificate in accordance with Section 2.01, the Trustee shall authenticate for the Holder thereof a new Note equal in principal amount to the unredeemed portion of the Note surrendered. 

ARTICLE FOUR 

COVENANTS 

SECTION 4.01. Payment of Notes. 

The Issuer shall pay the principal of and interest on the Notes on the dates and in the manner provided in the Notes and this Indenture. An
installment of principal or interest shall be considered paid on the date it is due if the Trustee or the Paying Agents hold by 10:00 A.M. Eastern Time on that date U.S. Dollars designated for and sufficient to pay such installment. 

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal (including post-petition interest in a proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law), and overdue
interest, to the extent lawful, at the rate specified in the Notes. 

SECTION 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency. 

(a) The Issuer shall maintain an office or agency (which may be an office of the Trustee or an Affiliate of the Trustee or Registrar)
where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Issuer shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of
the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Issuer shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations,
surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee. 

(b) The Issuer may also from
time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations. The Issuer shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee
of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. 

-42- 

SECTION 4.03. Legal Existence. 

Except as permitted by Article Five, the Issuer shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect
(i) its legal existence, and the corporate, partnership or other existence of each Subsidiary, in accordance with the respective organizational documents (as the same may be amended from time to time) of the Issuer and each such Subsidiary, and
(ii) the material rights (charter and statutory) and franchises of the Issuer and such Subsidiaries; provided that the Issuer shall not be required to preserve any such right, franchise, or the corporate, partnership or other existence
of any of its Subsidiaries if the Board of Directors of the Issuer or such Subsidiary shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and that
the loss thereof is not adverse in any material respect to the Holders. 

SECTION 4.04. Waiver of Stay, Extension or Usury Laws. 

Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, or plead
(as a defense or otherwise) or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law or any usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Issuer and the Guarantors from paying all or any portion
of the principal of, premium, if any, and/or interest on the Notes as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and (to the extent that they
may lawfully do so) the Issuer and the Guarantors hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and
permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. 

SECTION 4.05. Compliance Certificate. 

(a) The Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, an Officers Certificate (as
enumerated by and in compliance with Section 314(a)(4) of the TIA) stating that such Officer has conducted or supervised a review of the activities the Issuer and its Subsidiaries and the Issuers and its Subsidiaries performance
under this Indenture during such Fiscal Year, and further stating that, to such Officers knowledge, based upon such review, the Issuer has fulfilled all obligations under this Indenture or, if there has been a Default under this Indenture that
is continuing, a description of the event and what action the Issuer is taking or propose to take with respect thereto. 

(b) The
Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, within 10 Business Days after an executive officer of the Issuer becomes aware of any Default or Event of Default, a statement specifying such Default or Event of Default. 

(c) The Issuer shall provide written notice to the Trustee of any change in the Issuers Fiscal Year. 

-43- 

SECTION 4.06. Taxes. 

The Issuer shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay prior to delinquency all material taxes, assessments, and governmental
levies; provided, however, that, neither the Issuer nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged any such tax, assessment, charge or claim whose amount, applicability or validity
is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. 

SECTION 4.07. Repurchase at the Option of Holders upon Change of Control. 

(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control or, at the Issuers option, prior to the consummation of a Change of Control but
after a transaction that would constitute a Change of Control upon consummation is publicly announced, the Issuer will make an offer, as described below (the Change of Control Offer), to the Holders of all outstanding Notes at an
offer price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount tendered, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but not including, the date of purchase (the Change of Control Payment). 

(b) Within 30 days following any Change of Control or, at the Issuers option, prior to the consummation of such Change of Control
but after the public announcement of a transaction that would constitute a Change of Control upon consummation thereof, the Issuer will mail (or to the extent permitted or required by applicable Depositary procedures or regulations with respect to
the global Notes, send electronically) a notice to each Holder and the Trustee. The notice shall describe the transaction or transactions that constitute, or are expected to constitute, the Change of Control and offer to repurchase the Notes on the
purchase date specified in such notice (which must be no earlier than 10 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed or sent electronically, other than as required by law) (the Change of Control Payment Date)
pursuant to the procedures required by this Indenture and described in such notice. Such obligation will not continue after a discharge of the Issuer or defeasance from its obligations with respect to the Notes. Such notice shall state: 

(1) that the Change of Control Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 4.07 and that all Notes validly tendered
and not validly withdrawn will be accepted for payment; 

(2) the Change of Control Payment and the Change of Control
Payment Date (which shall be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is sent, other than as may be required by law); 

(3) that any Note not tendered will continue to accrue interest; 

(4) that, unless the Issuer defaults in making payment therefor, any Note accepted for payment pursuant to the Change of
Control Offer shall cease to accrue interest after the Change of Control Payment Date; 

(5) that Holders electing to
have a Note purchased pursuant to the Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender the Note, with the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase on the reverse of the Note completed, to the Paying Agent and

-44- 

Registrar for the Note at the address specified in the notice prior to the close of business on the Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date; 

(6) that Holders will be entitled to withdraw their election if the Paying Agent receives, not later than the third
Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date, a telegram, telex, facsimile transmission or letter setting forth the name of the Holder, the principal amount of the Notes the Holder delivered for purchase and a statement that such Holder
is withdrawing its election to have such Note purchased; 

(7) that Holders whose Notes are purchased only in part
will be issued new Notes in a principal amount equal to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered; provided, however, that each Note purchased and each new Note issued shall be in a principal amount of $2,000 or integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000; and 

(8) the circumstances and relevant facts regarding such Change of
Control. 

(c) On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful: 

(1) accept for payment all Notes or portions thereof (in minimum amounts of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in
excess thereof) properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; 

(2) deposit with the Paying Agent an
amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions thereof so tendered; and 

(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation all Notes so accepted together with an
Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes (or portions thereof) being purchased by the Issuer. 

Promptly
following the deposit with the Paying Agent of the moneys described in Section 4.07(c)(2) above and the delivery of the Officers Certificate described in Section 4.07(c)(3) above, the Paying Agent will remit to each Holder of Notes
so tendered the Change of Control Payment for such Notes, and the Issuer will execute and, upon receipt of a written order of the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate in accordance with Section 2.01, the Trustee will promptly
authenticate and deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder of Notes a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any; provided that each such new Note will be in a
principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. The Issuer will publicly announce the results of the Change of Control Offer on or as soon as reasonably practicable after the Change of Control Payment Date. 

If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a
Change of Control Offer and the Issuer, or any other Person making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Issuer as described below, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer will have the right,
upon not less than 10 nor more than 30 days prior notice, given not more than 10 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described 

-45- 

above, to redeem all such Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to the applicable Change of Control Payment plus, to the extent not included in
the Change of Control Payment, accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. 

Upon the payment of the Change of
Control Payment, the Trustee shall, subject to the provisions of Section 2.16, return the Notes purchased to the Issuer for cancellation. The Trustee may act as the Paying Agent for purposes of any Change of Control Offer. 

(d) The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if (1) a third party makes the
Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in this Section 4.07 with respect to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Notes validly tendered and not
withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer or (2) notice of redemption has been given or will be given pursuant to this Indenture as described in Article Three, prior to the date the Issuer is required to send notice of the Change of Control
Offer to the Holders of the Notes, unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control,
conditioned upon the consummation of such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time the Change of Control Offer is made and such Change of Control Offer is otherwise made in compliance with the
provisions of this Section 4.07. 

(e) The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule
14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent such laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a
Change of Control. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with provisions of this Section 4.07, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have
breached its obligations under this paragraph by virtue of its compliance with such securities laws or regulations. 

SECTION 4.08. Limitation on
Asset Disposition. 

(a) The Parent Guarantor shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly,
consummate any Asset Disposition unless: 

(1) the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary receives consideration at least
equal to the fair market value (such fair market value to be determined in good faith by the Issuer on the date of contractually agreeing to such Asset Disposition) of the equity or assets subject to such Asset Disposition; 

(2) at least 75% of the consideration received by the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary is in the form of cash or cash
equivalents, Additional Assets or any combination thereof (collectively, the Cash Consideration); and 

(3) within 365 days, including the 365th day, from the later of the
date of such Asset Disposition or the receipt of such Net Available Cash, an amount equal to 100% of 

-46- 

the Net Available Cash from such Asset Disposition is applied by the Parent Guarantor (or such Subsidiary, as the case may be) at its option: 

(A) to prepay, repay, redeem or purchase Secured Debt of the Issuer or any Guarantor or Indebtedness of a Wholly Owned
Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor that is not a Guarantor (in each case other than Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer); provided that such prepayment, repayment, redemption or purchase permanently retires, or
reduces the related loan commitment (if any) for, such Indebtedness in an amount equal to the principal amount so prepaid, repaid, redeemed or purchased; 

(B) to acquire Additional Assets or to make any other capital expenditures (provided that this requirement shall
be deemed satisfied if the Parent Guarantor (or such Subsidiary, as the case may be) by the end of such 365-day period has entered into a binding agreement under which it is contractually committed to acquire
Additional Assets and such acquisition is consummated within 180 days from the end of the 365-day period); 

(C) to make an offer to the Holders of Notes (and to holders of other Pari Passu Indebtedness of the Issuer designated by
the Issuer) to purchase such Notes (and such other Pari Passu Indebtedness of the Issuer) pursuant to and subject to the conditions contained herein, as set forth below (other than with respect to Excess Proceeds and that such offer may be made at
any time prior to the end of such 365-day period), and in the instruments governing such Pari Passu Indebtedness; and 

(D) to the extent of the balance of such Net Available Cash after application in accordance with clauses (A), (B) and
(C), for any purpose permitted by the terms of this Indenture. 

Pending application of Net Available Cash pursuant to this
Section 4.08, such Net Available Cash shall be applied to temporarily reduce revolving credit Indebtedness or in any manner not prohibited by this Indenture. 

(b) For the purposes of this Section 4.08, the following are deemed to be Cash Consideration: 

(1) any liabilities, as shown on the Parent Guarantors or any of its Subsidiaries most recent balance sheet
(or in the footnotes thereto or if incurred, accrued or increased subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such liabilities that would have been reflected on the Parent Guarantors or such Subsidiarys balance sheet or in the
footnotes thereto if such incurrence, accrual or increase had taken place on or prior to the date of such balance sheet, as determined by the Parent Guarantor), of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary that are assumed by the transferee of any
such assets either by operation of law or pursuant to (A) a customary novation agreement that releases the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary from further liability or (B) an assignment agreement that includes, in lieu of

-47- 

such a release, the agreement of the transferee or its parent company to indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer or such Subsidiary from and against any loss, liability or cost in respect of such
assumed liability; 

(2) any securities, notes or other obligations received by the Parent Guarantor or any of its
Subsidiaries from such transferee that are converted by the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary into cash or cash equivalents within 360 days after such Asset Disposition, to the extent of the cash and cash equivalents received in that conversion;
and 

(3) any Designated Non-cash Consideration received by the Parent
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries in such Asset Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause that has
at that time not been converted into cash or a cash equivalent, not to exceed the greater of (x) $100.0 million and (y) 2.0% of Consolidated Total Assets at the time of the receipt of such Designated
Non-cash Consideration (with the fair market value of each item of Designated Non-cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to
subsequent changes in value). 

(c) The amount of Net Available Cash not applied or invested as provided above will constitute
Excess Proceeds (other than any Net Available Cash remaining after the Issuer has made an offer to purchase the Notes pursuant to clause (C) above). Within 10 Business Days of the date that the aggregate amount of Excess
Proceeds equals or exceeds $100.0 million, the Issuer shall make an offer to purchase the Notes (each, an Offer), and shall purchase the Notes tendered pursuant to an Offer by the Issuer for the Notes and other Pari Passu
Indebtedness that contemporaneously requires the purchase, prepayment or redemption of such Indebtedness with the proceeds of sales of assets at a purchase price of 100% of their principal amount without premium, plus accrued but unpaid interest
(or, in respect of such other Pari Passu Indebtedness, such lesser price, if any, as may be provided for by the terms of such Pari Passu Indebtedness) to, but excluding, the date such Offer is consummated, in accordance with the procedures
(including prorating in the event of oversubscription) set forth in this Indenture and the terms of such other Pari Passu Indebtedness. If any Excess Proceeds remain after consummation of an Offer and the contemporaneous offer with respect to any
other Pari Passu Indebtedness contemplated above, the Issuer may use those Excess Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture. If the aggregate purchase price of the securities tendered exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds,
the Issuer shall allocate the Excess Proceeds between such securities on a pro rata basis and will select the Notes to be purchased on a pro rata basis but in denominations of $2,000 principal amount or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess
thereof. The remainder of the Excess Proceeds allocable to the other Pari Passu Indebtedness will be repurchased as provided pursuant to the terms of such Indebtedness. Upon completion of such an Offer to purchase, Excess Proceeds will be deemed to
be reset to zero. 

(d) The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent such laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of Notes pursuant to this
Section 4.08. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with provisions of this Section 4.08, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities 

-48- 

laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 4.08 by virtue of its compliance with such securities laws or regulations. 

SECTION 4.09. Limitation on Restricted Payments. 

The Parent Guarantor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make any Restricted Payment if at the
time of such Restricted Payment: 

(a) a Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall occur as a consequence
thereof; 

(b) after giving effect to such Restricted Payment (including, without limitation, the incurrence of any
Indebtedness to finance such Restricted Payment), the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio would be less than 2.00 to 1.00; or 

(c) the amount of such Restricted Payment, when added to the aggregate amount of all other Restricted Payments made after
November 26, 2013 (other than Restricted Payments made pursuant to clause (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) or (h) of the next paragraph), exceeds the sum (the Restricted Payments Basket) of (without duplication): 

(1) 50% of Consolidated Net Income of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP for
the period (taken as one accounting period) commencing on July 1, 2013 to and including the last day of the fiscal quarter ended immediately prior to the date of such calculation for which consolidated financial statements are available (or, if
such Consolidated Net Income shall be a deficit, minus 100% of such aggregate deficit), plus

(2) 100% of the
aggregate net cash proceeds and the fair market value, as determined in good faith by the Parent Guarantor, of property and marketable securities received by the Parent Guarantor from the issuance and sale of Qualified Equity Interests of the Parent
Guarantor after November 26, 2013 or from the issue or sale of convertible or exchangeable Disqualified Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor or convertible or exchangeable debt securities of the Parent Guarantor, in each case that have been
converted into or exchanged for Qualified Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor, other than (A) any such proceeds which are used to redeem the Notes in accordance with paragraph 5 of the Notes or (B) any such proceeds or assets received
from a Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor, plus

(3) the aggregate amount by which Indebtedness incurred by
the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries subsequent to November 26, 2013 is reduced on the Parent Guarantors consolidated balance sheet upon the conversion or exchange (other than by a Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor) into
Qualified Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor (less the amount of any cash, or the fair value of assets, distributed by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary upon such conversion or exchange), plus 

-49- 

(4) 50% of any cash dividends or distributions received by the Parent
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries after November 26, 2013 from any unconsolidated Person, to the extent that such dividends or distributions were not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income. 

The foregoing provisions will not prohibit: 

(a) the payment by the Parent Guarantor of any dividend or the consummation of any redemption within 60 days after the
date of declaration thereof or the giving of the redemption notice, as the case may be, if on the date of declaration or notice, the dividend or redemption payment would have complied with the provisions of this Indenture; 

(b) the repurchase or redemption of any Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor in exchange for, or out of the proceeds
of the substantially concurrent issuance and sale of, Qualified Equity Interests; 

(c) payments by the Parent
Guarantor to redeem Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor held by officers, directors or employees or former officers, directors or employees (or their transferees, estates or beneficiaries under their estates) of the Parent Guarantor or its
Subsidiaries, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service or other repurchase event pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan, shareholders agreement or any other management or
employee benefit plan or agreement or arrangement; provided that the aggregate cash consideration paid for all such redemptions shall not exceed (A) $15.0 million in any calendar year (with unused amounts in any calendar year being
permitted to be carried over to succeeding calendar years subject to a maximum of $25.0 million in any calendar year); plus (B) the amount of any net cash proceeds received by the Parent Guarantor from the issuance and sale after
November 26, 2013 of Qualified Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor to officers, directors or employees of the Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries that have not been applied to the payment of Restricted Payments pursuant to this clause
(c), plus (C) the net cash proceeds of any key-man life insurance policies that have not been applied to the payment of Restricted Payments pursuant to this clause (c); provided that
neither (x) cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Parent Guarantor from any current or former officer, director or employee (or any permitted transferees thereof) of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (or any direct or indirect
parent company thereof), in connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor from such Persons nor (y) any payments or other obligations arising in respect of Equity Interests of the Parent Guarantor held by officers,
directors or employees or former officers, directors or employees (or their transferees, estates or beneficiaries under their estates) in connection with or resulting from the announcement or consummation of a Change of Control, will be deemed to
constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this Section 4.09 or any other provisions of this Indenture; 

(d) repurchases, redemptions, retirements or other acquisitions for value of Equity Interests (i) deemed to occur
upon the exercise of stock options, warrants, rights to acquire Equity Interests or other convertible securities if the Equity Interests represent a 

-50- 

portion of the exercise price thereof, or in connection with the withholding of a portion of the Equity Interests granted or awarded to an employee to pay for the taxes payable by such employee
upon such grant or award or (ii) upon cancellation or forfeiture of stock options, warrants, rights to acquire Equity Interests or other convertible securities; 

(e) Restricted Payments to allow the payment of cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares upon (i) the
exercise of options or warrants or (ii) the conversion or exchange of Equity Interests of any Person (including in a merger, consolidation, amalgamation or similar transaction) and payments of cash to dissenting shareholders in connection with
a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets; 

(f) the payment of any dividend (or, in the case of any
partnership or limited liability company, any similar distribution) by a Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor to the holders of its Equity Interests on a pro rata basis; 

(g) Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed $300.0 million since the Issue Date; 

(h) (i) the repurchase or redemption of common stock or Preferred Stock purchase rights of the Parent Guarantor issued in
connection with any stockholders rights plan and (ii) so long as no Default under clauses (1) or (2) of the definition of Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall occur as consequence thereof, Restricted
Payments with respect to Preferred Stock in an aggregate amount not to exceed $73.0 million in each calendar year; 

(i) repurchases, redemptions, retirements or other acquisitions for value of Equity Interests in an aggregate amount not
to exceed $150.0 million per fiscal year; 

(j) the payment of dividends to the holders of Equity Interests in
Parent Guarantor in an aggregate amount not to exceed $125.0 million per fiscal year; and 

(k) other Restricted
Payments if, at the time of the making of such payments, and after giving effect thereto (including, without limitation, the incurrence of any Indebtedness to finance such payment), the Total Leverage Ratio would not exceed 3.00 to 1.00, 

provided that (a) in the case of any Restricted Payment pursuant to clause (g) or (i) of this Section 4.09, no Default shall have
occurred and be continuing or shall occur as a consequence thereof and (b) no issuance and sale of Qualified Equity Interests that are used to make a payment pursuant to clauses (b) or (c)(B) of this Section 4.09 shall increase the
Restricted Payments Basket. 

For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 4.09, in the event that a payment or other
action meets the criteria of more than one of the exceptions described in clauses (a) through (k) above, or is entitled to be made pursuant to the first paragraph of this Section 4.09, the Issuer will be permitted to classify such
payment or other action on the date of its occurrence in any manner that complies with this Section 4.09. Payments or other actions permitted by this Section 4.09 need not be permitted solely by reference to one provision permitting such
payment 

-51- 

or other action, but may be permitted in part by one such provision and in part by one or more other provisions of this Section 4.09 permitting payment or other action, including, for the
avoidance of doubt, in the event that any Fixed Baskets are intended to be utilized together with any Incurrence-Based Baskets in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, (1) compliance with or satisfaction of any applicable
financial ratios or tests for the portion of such Restricted Payment or other applicable transaction or action to be incurred under any Incurrence-Based Baskets shall first be calculated without giving effect to amounts being utilized pursuant to
any Fixed Baskets, but giving full pro forma effect to all applicable and related transactions (including, subject to the foregoing with respect to Fixed Baskets, any incurrence and any repayment of Indebtedness and any related Liens) and all other
permitted pro forma adjustments and (2) thereafter, incurrence of the portion of such Restricted Payment to be incurred under any Fixed Baskets shall be calculated. 

If the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries makes a Restricted Payment which, at the time of the making of such Restricted Payment, in
the good faith determination of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary, would be permitted under the requirements of this Indenture, such Restricted Payment shall be deemed to have been made in compliance with this Indenture notwithstanding any
subsequent adjustment made in good faith to the Parent Guarantors financial statements affecting Consolidated Net Income. 

SECTION 4.10. 
Limitation on Liens. 

The Parent Guarantor will not at any time create, incur, assume or guarantee, and will not cause or permit any
of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or guarantee, any Secured Debt (the Initial Security Interest), and the Parent Guarantor will not at any time create, and will not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, any
Security Interest securing any Indebtedness existing on the date hereof that would constitute Secured Debt if it were secured by a Security Interest, without first making effective provision whereby the Notes shall be secured by the Security
Interest securing such Secured Debt equally and ratably with, or prior to, any and all other obligations and indebtedness so secured, so long as such other obligations and indebtedness shall be so secured; provided, however, that the
foregoing prohibition will not prevent the creation, incurrence, assumption or guarantee of the following permitted Security Interests (the Permitted Security Interests): 

(1) Security Interests on property acquired, constructed, developed or improved after the date of this Indenture by the
Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries and created prior to or contemporaneously with, or within 180 days after the acquisition, construction, development or improvement of property that is a parcel of real property, a building, machinery or
equipment; 

(2) Security Interests on property at the time of acquisition which secure obligations assumed by the
Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, or on the property or on the outstanding shares or Indebtedness of a corporation or firm at the time it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Parent Guarantor or any of its
Subsidiaries, or on properties of a corporation or firm acquired by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries as an entirety or substantially as an entirety; provided that the 

-52- 

Security Interests may not extend to any other property of the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary other than proceeds and products of such property, shares or Indebtedness and accessions
thereto; 

(3) Security Interests arising from conditional sales agreements or title retention agreements with respect
to property acquired by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(4) Security Interests securing
Indebtedness of a Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor owing to the Parent Guarantor or to another of the Parent Guarantors Subsidiaries; 

(5) Security Interests (a) to secure obligations under Credit Facilities or (b) in accounts receivable and
related assets of the types specified in the definition of Qualified Receivables Transaction incurred in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, in an aggregate principal amount under clauses (a) and (b) combined not to
exceed the greater of (x) $4,500.0 million and (y) the maximum amount that would not cause the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio to exceed 3.00 to 1.00 after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of the obligations to be secured by such
Security Interests and the application of the proceeds therefrom; 

(6) Security Interests existing on the Issue Date
and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Security Interests so long as such Security Interests are not extended to any other property of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(7) any Security Interest arising by reason of deposits with, or the giving of any form of security to, any governmental
agency or any body created or approved by law or governmental regulations, which is required by law or governmental regulation as a condition to the transaction of any business, or the exercise of any privilege, franchise or license; 

(8) carriers, warehousemens, mechanics and other statutory liens arising in the ordinary course of
business (including construction of facilities) in respect of obligations that are not due or that are being contested in good faith; 

(9) Security Interests for taxes, assessments or governmental charges not yet delinquent or for taxes, assessments or
governmental charges that are being contested in good faith; 

(10) Security Interests (including judgment liens)
arising in connection with legal proceedings so long as such proceedings are being contested in good faith and, in the case of judgment liens, execution thereon is stayed or not giving rise to an Event of Default; 

(11) landlords liens on fixtures on premises leased in the ordinary course of business; 

-53- 

(12) Security Interests to secure the performance of statutory
obligations, insurance, surety or appeal bonds, performance bonds, or other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business (including Security Interests to secure letters of credit issued to assure payment of such
obligations); 

(13) Security Interests on assets of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries securing
Indebtedness consisting of Hedging Obligations or Treasury Management Arrangements; 

(14) survey exceptions,
easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, licenses, rights-of-way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar purposes, or
zoning or other restrictions as to the use of real property that were not incurred in connection with Indebtedness and that do not in the aggregate materially impair the use of said properties in the operation of the business of the Parent Guarantor
and its Subsidiaries; 

(15) Security Interests in favor of customs or revenue authorities arising as a matter of law
to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(16) Security Interests on insurance policies and proceeds thereof, or other deposits, to secure insurance premium
financings; 

(17) filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements as a precautionary measure in connection
with operating leases; 

(18) bankers liens and rights of setoff; 

(19) Security Interests in cash, cash equivalents or other property arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge
or redemption of Indebtedness; 

(20) Security Interests on specific items of inventory or other goods (and the
proceeds thereof) of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries securing such Persons obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or trade-related letters of credit issued or created in the ordinary course of business for the
account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods; 

(21) grants
of intellectual property licenses (including software and other technology licenses) in the ordinary course of business; 

(22) Security Interests incurred or pledges or deposits made in the ordinary course of business in connection with
workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security and employee health and disability benefits (including pledges or deposits securing liability to insurance carriers under insurance or self-insurance
arrangements); 

-54- 

(23) deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure
liability to insurance carriers; 

(24) Security Interests to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments or
any Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of construction, development, or substantial repair, alteration or improvement of the property subject to such Security Interests if the
commitment for the financing is obtained not later than 180 days after the later of the completion of or the placing into operation (exclusive of test and start-up periods) of such property; 

(25) options, put and call arrangements, rights of first refusal and similar rights relating to investments in joint
ventures, partnerships and the like; 

(26) other Security Interests securing Indebtedness, in an aggregate principal
amount for the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, together with the amount of Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection with Sale and Leaseback Transactions, not exceeding at the time such Security Interest is created or assumed the
greater of (x) $200.0 million and (y) 4.0% of Consolidated Total Assets; 

(27) Security Interests on cash
proceeds of Indebtedness (and on the related escrow accounts) in connection with the issuance of such Indebtedness into (and pending the release from) a customary escrow arrangement, to the extent such Indebtedness is otherwise Incurred in
compliance with this Indenture; and 

(28) Security Interests in connection with any factoring arrangement into which
accounts receivable and related assets are permitted to be sold under the Indenture, provided that such Security Interests shall only encumber accounts receivable and related assets sold in connection with each such factoring arrangement and
any supporting obligations related thereto. 

Additionally, such permitted Secured Debt includes (with certain limitations) any extension,
renewal or refunding, in whole or in part, of any Secured Debt permitted at the time of the original incurrence thereof. 

Any Security
Interest created for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes pursuant to this Section 4.10 shall provide by its terms that such Security Interest shall be unconditionally and automatically released and discharged upon the release and discharge
of the Initial Security Interest. 

For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 4.10, a Security Interest securing an
item of Secured Debt need not be permitted solely by one category of Permitted Security Interest but may be permitted in part under any combination thereof, and if a Permitted Security Interest meets the criteria or more than one of the exceptions
described in clauses (1) through (28) of this Section 4.10, the Parent Guarantor may, in its sole discretion, classify the Permitted Security Interest in any manner that complies with this Section 4.10, including, for the avoidance of
doubt, in the event that any Fixed Baskets are intended to be utilized together with any Incurrence-Based Baskets in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, (1) 

-55- 

compliance with or satisfaction of any applicable financial ratios or tests for the portion of such Liens or other applicable transaction or action to be incurred under any Incurrence-Based
Baskets shall first be calculated without giving effect to amounts being utilized pursuant to any Fixed Baskets, but giving full pro forma effect to all applicable and related transactions (including, subject to the foregoing with respect to Fixed
Baskets, any incurrence and any repayment of Indebtedness and any related Liens) and all other permitted pro forma adjustments and (2) thereafter, incurrence of the portion of such Liens to be incurred under any Fixed Baskets shall be
calculated. 

SECTION 4.11. [reserved]. 

SECTION 4.12. Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. 

The Parent Guarantor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any Sale and Leaseback Transaction unless: 

(1) the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary would be entitled to incur Secured Debt pursuant to Section 4.10 equal
in amount to the net proceeds of the property sold or transferred or to be sold or to be transferred pursuant to such Sale and Leaseback Transaction and secured by a Security Interest on the property to be leased, without equally and ratably
securing the debt securities outstanding under this Indenture as provided under Section 4.10; or 

(2) the Parent
Guarantor or such Subsidiary shall apply, within 180 days after the effective date of such sale or transfer, an amount equal to such net proceeds to (i) the acquisition, construction, development or improvement of properties, facilities or
equipment that are, or upon such acquisition, construction, development or improvement will be, a Principal Facility or Facilities or a part thereof or (ii) the repurchase or redemption of Notes or to the repayment or redemption of Indebtedness
of the Parent Guarantor or of any of its Subsidiaries, or in part to such acquisition, construction, development or improvement and in part to such redemption and/or repayment. In lieu of applying an amount equal to such net proceeds to such
repurchase or redemption, the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries may, within 180 days after such sale or transfer, deliver to the Trustee or any other applicable trustee or comparable Person, Notes or Indebtedness for cancellation and
thereby reduce the amount to be applied to the repurchase or redemption of such Notes or Indebtedness by an amount equivalent to the aggregate principal amount of Notes or Indebtedness. 

SECTION 4.13. Reports to Holders. 

(a) Whether or not required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, so long as any Notes are outstanding hereunder, the Issuer
shall furnish to the Trustee and Holders the following: 

(1) all quarterly and annual financial information required
to be filed by the Parent Guarantor with the Commission on Forms 10-Q and 10-K, and, with respect to the 

-56- 

annual information only, a report thereon by the Parent Guarantors certified independent accountants; and 

(2) all current reports required to be filed by the Parent Guarantor with the Commission on Form 8-K (during any period in which the Parent Guarantor is not required to file reports with the Commission, such current reports need only be prepared or delivered if the Parent Guarantor determines in good faith that
the information to be reported is material to the Holders of the Notes or the business, operations, assets, liabilities or financial position of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), 

in each case, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and regulations, including any extension as would be permitted by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act (and, during any period in which the Parent Guarantor is not required to file reports with the Commission, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and
regulations applicable to a non-accelerated filer). 

(b) In addition, whether or
not required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, the Parent Guarantor will make all such information publicly available (including via a non-password protected website) within the time periods
specified in the Commissions rules and regulations, including any extension as would be permitted by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act (unless the Commission will not accept such a filing), and make
such information available to Holders of the Notes upon request. In addition, to the extent not satisfied by the foregoing, the Parent Guarantor shall, for so long as any Notes remain outstanding, furnish to the Holders of the Notes and to
securities analysts and prospective investors, upon their request, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 

(c) Whether the Parent Guarantor files such reports with the Commission or posts its reports on its website, the public filing of such
reports with the SEC or the public posting of such reports shall satisfy any requirement hereunder to deliver such reports to the Trustee and the Holders. The terms of this Indenture shall not impose any duty on the Parent Guarantor under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related Commission rules that would not otherwise be applicable to it. 

(d) Delivery of such
reports and information to the Trustee shall be for informational purposes only, and the Trustees receipt of them shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein
(including the Issuers compliance with any of its covenants hereunder as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates delivered pursuant to this Indenture, including Officers Certificates delivered
pursuant to Section 4.05(a)). 

SECTION 4.14. Additional Guarantees. 

If, on or after the Issue Date: 

(1) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries acquires or creates another Domestic Subsidiary (other than a Receivables
Entity) that incurs any Indebtedness under Credit Facilities (other than the ABL Facility) or any syndicated loan or capital markets debt 

-57- 

securities or guarantees any such Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries; or 

(2) any Domestic Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity) of the Issuer incurs Indebtedness under Credit Facilities
(other than the ABL Facility) or any syndicated loan or capital markets debt securities or guarantees any such Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries and that Domestic Subsidiary was not a Guarantor immediately prior to such
incurrence or guarantee (an Additional Obligor), 

then that newly acquired or created Domestic Subsidiary or Additional Obligor, as the
case may be, shall become a Guarantor and execute a supplemental indenture substantially in the form of Exhibit G to this Indenture within 30 Business Days of the date on which it was acquired or created or became an Additional Obligor. 

In addition, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such
supplemental Indenture complies with the applicable provisions of this Indenture, that all conditions precedent in this Indenture relating to the entry into such supplemental indenture have been satisfied, and such Opinion of Counsel shall
additionally state that such supplemental indenture is enforceable against the new Guarantor, subject to customary qualifications. 

SECTION 4.15. 
Termination of Certain Covenants When Notes are Rated Investment Grade.

(a) If on any date following the Issue Date
(i) the Notes have Investment Grade Ratings from at least two Rating Agencies, and (ii) no Default has occurred and is continuing under this Indenture (the occurrence of the events described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being
collectively referred to as a Covenant Termination Event), the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries will not be subject to Sections 4.08, 4.09, 4.12(2) and 4.14 hereof (collectively, the Terminated Covenants).

(b) In the event that a Covenant Termination Event occurs, the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries will no longer be subject to
the Terminated Covenants, regardless of whether on any subsequent date one or more Rating Agencies withdraw their Investment Grade Rating or downgrade the rating assigned to the Notes below an Investment Grade Rating. 

(c) The Issuer, in an Officers Certificate, will provide the Trustee notice of any Covenant Termination Event. The Trustee will
have no obligation to (i) independently determine or verify if such events have occurred, (ii) make any determination regarding the impact of actions taken during the suspension period on the Issuers future compliance with their
covenants or (iii) notify the Holders of a Covenant Termination Event. The Trustee may deliver a copy of any such Officers Certificate to the Holders upon request. 

-58- 

ARTICLE FIVE 

SUCCESSOR OBLIGOR 

SECTION 5.01. 
Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets. 

The Parent Guarantor and the Issuer will not (i) consolidate or merge with or into
any other Person or Transfer all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as applicable, or (ii) permit any of their
respective Subsidiaries to, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, Transfer all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the Issuer and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as applicable, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to, another Person unless: 

(1) the Parent Guarantor or the Issuer, as applicable, is the continuing Person, or the successor or Person to whom all
or substantially all of the properties or assets are transferred to is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust organized and existing under the laws of the United States or a state thereof; 

(2) the successor Person or Person to whom all or substantially all of the properties or assets are transferred to
expressly assumes, by a supplemental indenture or amendment of the relevant documents, the Parent Guarantors or the Issuers, as applicable, obligations under the Notes and this Indenture; and 

(3) after giving effect to the transaction, no Event of Default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or
both, would become an Event of Default, shall have occurred or be continuing. 

A Guarantor (other than the Parent Guarantor) may not sell
or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, or consolidate with or merge with or into, another Person, other than the Parent Guarantor, the Issuer or another Guarantor, unless: 

(1) 

the successor or Person to whom all or substantially all of the properties or assets are transferred to is a
corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust organized and existing under the laws of the United States or a state thereof; 

(2) 

the successor Person or Person to whom all or substantially all of the properties or assets are transferred to
expressly assumes, by a supplemental indenture or amendment of the relevant documents, the Guarantors obligations under the Notes and this Indenture; and 

(3) 

after giving effect to the transaction, no Event of Default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time
or both, would become an Event of Default, shall have occurred or be continuing. 

-59- 

The Issuer shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee an Officers
Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each to the effect that such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, assignment, transfer, lease or other disposition complies with the requirements of this Indenture. 

This Section 5.01 will not apply to any Transfer of assets between or among the Parent Guarantor and any one or more of its Subsidiaries
or between or among any one or more of the Parent Guarantors Subsidiaries. Clause (2) of the first paragraph of this Section 5.01 will not apply to: (1) any merger or consolidation of the Parent Guarantor with or into one of its
Subsidiaries for any purpose or (2) any merger or consolidation of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary in another jurisdiction. 

SECTION 5.02. Successor Person Substituted. 

Upon any consolidation, combination or merger of the Parent Guarantor or the Issuer, or any Transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in accordance with the foregoing provisions of Section 5.01, in which the Issuer is not the continuing obligor under the Notes, the surviving entity formed by such consolidation or
into which the Parent Guarantor or the Issuer is merged or to which such Transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is made, will succeed to, and be substituted for, and may
exercise every right and power of the Issuer under this Indenture and the Notes with the same effect as if such surviving entity had been named therein as the Issuer and, the Issuer and all of the Guarantors will be released from the obligation to
pay the principal of and interest on such Notes or in respect of its related Guarantee, as the case may be, and all of the Issuers or such Guarantors other obligations and covenants under such Notes, this Indenture and its related
Guarantee, if applicable. 

ARTICLE SIX 

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

SECTION 6.01. 
Events of Default. 

Each of the following constitutes an Event of Default with respect to the Notes: 

(1) default for 30 consecutive days in the payment when due of interest with respect to the Notes; 

(2) default in payment when due of principal or premium, if any, on the Notes at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise;

(3) failure by the Issuer for 60 consecutive days after receipt of notice from the Trustee or Holders of at least
25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding under this Indenture (with a copy to the Trustee) to comply with the provisions under Section 4.07; 

-60- 

(4) failure by the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Parent
Guarantor for 60 consecutive days (120 days with respect to Section 4.13) after receipt of notice from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding under this Indenture (with a copy to
the Trustee) to comply with any covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture (other than the covenants and agreements specified in clauses (1) through (3) of this Section 6.01); 

(5) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured
or evidenced any Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness owed to the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries), whether such Indebtedness now exists or is created after the Issue Date, which
default (a) is caused by a failure to pay when due at final stated maturity (giving effect to any grace period related thereto) principal of such Indebtedness (a Payment Default) or (b) results in the acceleration of
such Indebtedness prior to its stated maturity, and, in each case, the principal amount of any such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any such Indebtedness under which there has been a Payment Default or the maturity of which has
been so accelerated, aggregates $100.0 million or more; and, in each case, the Issuer has received notice specifying the default from the Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (with a
copy to the Trustee) and does not cure the default within 30 days; provided, however, that this clause (5) shall not apply to any default with respect to Indebtedness that is (A) remedied by the Parent Guarantor of any of its
Subsidiaries prior to the acceleration of Notes, including by the discharge of such Indebtedness or (B) waived (including in the form of amendment or consent) by the required holders of the applicable item of Indebtedness prior to the
acceleration of Notes, in each case, if the Issuer delivers an Officers Certificate to the Trustee certifying to the matters in clause (A) or this clause (B), as applicable; 

(6) failure by the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries to pay final and
non-appealable judgments (net of any amounts covered by insurance and as to which such insurer has not denied responsibility or coverage in writing) aggregating $100.0 million or more, which judgments are
not paid, discharged, bonded, stayed or waived within 60 days after such judgment becomes final, and in the event such judgment is covered in full by insurance, an enforcement proceeding has been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or
decree which is not promptly stayed; 

(7) (A) a court having jurisdiction over the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor or
any Subsidiary enters (x) a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary or group of Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor that, taken together, would constitute a
Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case or proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law or (y) a decree or order adjudging the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary or group of Subsidiaries of the Parent
Guarantor that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Issuer, the Parent
Guarantor or any Subsidiary or group of Subsidiaries under any 

-61- 

Bankruptcy Law, or appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor or any such Subsidiary or group of
Subsidiaries or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order for relief or any such other decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60
consecutive days or (B) the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary or group of Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary (i) commences a
voluntary case under any Bankruptcy Law or consents to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any Bankruptcy Law, (ii) consents to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian,
trustee, sequestrator or similar official of the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor or any such Subsidiary or group of Subsidiaries or for all or substantially all the property and assets of the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor or any such Subsidiary or group
of Subsidiaries, (iii) effects any general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (iv) generally is not paying its debts as they become due; and 

(8) any Guarantee of any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary ceases to be in full force and effect in all material
respects (other than in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee and this Indenture) or is declared null and void and unenforceable or found to be invalid or any Guarantor denies its liability under its Guarantee (other than by reason of release
of a Guarantor from its Guarantee in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and such Guarantee). 

SECTION 6.02. Acceleration of Maturity;
Rescission. 

If any Event of Default under this Indenture occurs and is continuing, either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25%
in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, may declare all such Notes to be due and payable by notice in writing to the Issuer and the Trustee, in the case of notice by Holders, specifying the respective Event of Default and that
it is a notice of acceleration and the same will become immediately due and payable; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(7) occurs with respect to
the Issuer or the Parent Guarantor, all outstanding Notes shall become due and payable without further action or notice. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if after such acceleration but before a judgment or decree based on such acceleration is obtained by the Trustee, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may rescind and annul such acceleration
if: 

(1) all Events of Default, other than nonpayment of principal, premium, if any, or interest that has become due
solely because of the acceleration, have been cured or waived; 

(2) to the extent the payment of such interest is
lawful, interest on overdue installments of interest and overdue principal, which has become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration, has been paid; 

-62- 

(3) the Issuer has paid the Trustee its reasonable compensation and
reimbursed the Trustee for its expenses, disbursements, indemnities and advances; and 

(4) in the event of the cure
or waiver of an Event of Default of the type described in Section 6.01(7), the Trustee shall have received an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel that such Event of Default has been cured or waived. 

No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereto. 

SECTION 6.03. Other Remedies. 

If
an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy by proceeding at law or in equity to collect the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, and interest on the Notes or to enforce the performance of any
provision of the Notes or this Indenture and may take any necessary action requested by the Holders of a majority of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to settle, compromise, adjust or otherwise conclude any proceedings to which it is a
party. 

The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the
proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Noteholder in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. No remedy is
exclusive of any other remedy. All available remedies are cumulative. Any costs associated with actions taken by the Trustee under this Section 6.03 shall be reimbursed to the Trustee by the Issuer and the Guarantors. 

SECTION 6.04. Waiver of Existing Defaults and Events of Default. 

(a) Subject to Sections 2.10, 6.02, 6.08 and 8.02, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall have
the right to waive past Defaults and Events of Default under this Indenture applicable to the Notes except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on any Note as specified
in clauses (1) and (2) of Section 6.01 or in respect of a covenant or a provision which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of all Holders as provided for in Section 8.02, which shall require the consent of all of the
Holders of the Notes then Outstanding. The Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the requisite percentage of Holders have consented to such waiver and attaching copies of such consents. In case of any such
waiver, the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder and under the Notes, respectively. 

(b) Upon any such waiver, such Default or Event of Default, as applicable, shall cease to exist, and, with respect to any waived
Default, any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereto.

-63- 

SECTION 6.05. Control by Majority. 

Subject to Sections 2.10 and 7.01, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes have the right to direct
the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee by this Indenture. The Trustee, however, may refuse to follow any direction that
conflicts with law or this Indenture or that the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of another Holder not taking part in such direction, and the Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow any such direction (it being
understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not any such directions are unduly prejudicial to such Holders) if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, determines that the action so directed may not lawfully
be taken or if the Trustee in good faith shall, by a Responsible Officer, determine that the proceedings so directed may involve it in personal liability; provided that the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which
is not inconsistent with such direction. In the event the Trustee takes any action or follows any direction pursuant to this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to indemnification reasonably satisfactory to it against any cost, liability or
expense that might be caused by taking such action or following such direction. 

SECTION 6.06. Limitation on Suits. 

A Holder may not pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes unless: 

(1) the Holder has given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default; 

(2) the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding make a written request to the Trustee
to pursue the remedy; 

(3) such Holder or Holders offer the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee
against any costs, liability or expense; 

(4) the Trustee does not comply with the request within 60 days after
receipt of the request and the offer of security or indemnity against any cost, liability or expense that might be caused by complying with such request; and 

(5) during such 60-day period, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the Notes then outstanding do not give the Trustee a direction that is inconsistent with the request. 

A Noteholder may not use
any provision of this Indenture to disturb or prejudice the rights of another Noteholder or to obtain a preference or priority over another Noteholder. 

SECTION 6.07. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees andStockholders. 

No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Parent Guarantor or of any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor, as such,
shall have any liability for any obligations 

-64- 

of the Issuer or the Guarantors under the Notes, this Indenture, the Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the
Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws. 

SECTION 6.08. Rights of Holders To Receive Payment. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the right of any Holder of a Note to receive payment of the principal of or premium, if
any, or interest, if any, on such Note on or after the respective due dates expressed in such Note, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment, on or after such respective due dates, is absolute and unconditional and shall not be
impaired or affected without the consent of the Holder. 

SECTION 6.09. Collection Suit by Trustee. 

If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against
the Issuer or any Guarantor (or any other obligor on the Notes) for the whole amount of unpaid principal and accrued interest remaining unpaid, together with interest on overdue principal and, to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful,
interest on overdue installments of interest, in each case at the rate set forth in the Notes, and such further amounts as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel. 

SECTION 6.10. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. 

The Trustee may file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the
Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.07) and the Noteholders allowed in any judicial
proceedings relative to the Issuer or any Guarantor (or any other obligor upon the Notes), its creditors or its property and shall be entitled and empowered to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such
claims and to distribute the same after deduction of its charges and expenses to the extent that any such charges and expenses are not paid out of the estate in any such proceedings and any custodian in any such judicial proceeding is hereby
authorized by each Noteholder to make such payments to the Trustee, and in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Noteholders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.07. 

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Noteholder
any plan or reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Noteholder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Noteholder in any such proceedings. 

-65- 

SECTION 6.11. Priorities. 

If the Trustee collects any money or property pursuant to this Article Six, and after an Event of Default any money or other property
distributable in respect of the Companys or Guarantors obligations under this Indenture, such money or property shall be paid out or distributed in the following order: 

FIRST: to the Trustee and any predecessor Trustee for amounts due under Section 7.07; 

SECOND: to Noteholders for amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and interest, ratably, without
preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on the Notes; and 

THIRD: to the Issuer or, to
the extent the Trustee collects any amount from any Guarantor, to such Guarantor. 

The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for
any payment to Noteholders pursuant to this Section 6.11. 

SECTION 6.12. Undertaking for Costs. 

In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted
by it as Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section 6.12 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Noteholder
pursuant to Section 6.08 or a suit by Noteholders of more than 10% in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 

ARTICLE SEVEN

TRUSTEE 

SECTION 7.01. Duties of
Trustee. 

(a) If a Default or Event of Default actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has occurred and is
continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a prudent person under the circumstances would exercise or use under the same
circumstances in the conduct of his or her own affairs. 

Except for an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.01(1) or 6.01(2) (upon
the occurrence of which the Trustee if then acting as Paying Agent will be deemed to have knowledge thereof), the Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice or be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer
of the Trustee has received written notice 

-66- 

of any event which is in fact such a Default or Event of Default by the Issuer or by the Holders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes by written notice of such event
sent to the Trustee in accordance with Section 11.01 at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the Notes and this Indenture. 

(b) Except during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge:

(1) The Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and
no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee. 

(2) In the absence of bad
faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this
Indenture but, in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform on
their face to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein). Whenever in the administration of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it desirable that
a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may require and, in the absence of bad faith on its part, conclusively rely upon an
Officers Certificate, subject to the requirement in the preceding sentence, if applicable. 

(c) The Trustee may not be
relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that: 

(1) This paragraph does not limit the effect of clause (b) of this Section 7.01. 

(2) The Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is
proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 

(3) The Trustee shall not be liable with
respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it from a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding pursuant to the terms of this Indenture. 

(d) Whether or not therein expressly so provided, clauses (a), (b), (c) and (e) of this Section 7.01 shall govern every
provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee. 

The Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the
rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders pursuant to this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs,
expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in 

-67- 

compliance with such request or direction (including, but in no way limited to, the fees and disbursements of agents and attorneys). The Trustees fees, expenses and indemnities (including,
but in no way limited to, the fees and disbursements of agents and attorneys) are included in the amounts guaranteed by the Guarantees. 

(e) The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuer
or any Guarantor. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by the law. The Trustee shall not be accountable for any diminution in the value of any investments deposited with the
Trustee, or any losses incurred upon any authorized disposition thereof. 

(f) No provision of this Indenture shall require the
Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its rights, powers or duties. The Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers or
duties hereunder. 

SECTION 7.02. Rights of Trustee. 

Subject to Section 7.01: 

(1) The Trustee may conclusively rely on any document (whether in its original or facsimile form) reasonably believed by
it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document. 

(2) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require and shall be entitled to receive an Officers
Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel, or both, which shall conform to the provisions of Section 11.04. The Trustee shall be protected and shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such certificate
or opinion. 

(3) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and shall not be responsible for the misconduct
or negligence of any attorney or agent appointed by it with due care. 

(4) The Trustee shall not be liable for any
action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it reasonably believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers; provided that the Trustees conduct does not constitute negligence or willful misconduct. 

(5) The Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection, and the advice or opinion of such counsel as to matters of law
shall be full and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance on the advice or opinion of such counsel. 

(6) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its
right to be compensated, reimbursed and indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its 

-68- 

capacities hereunder (including but not limited to as Registrar, Paying Agent and Depositary Custodian), and each agent, custodian and other person employed to act hereunder. 

(7) The right of the Trustee to perform any discretionary act enumerated in this Indenture shall not be construed as a
duty, and the Trustee shall not be answerable for other than its own negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of such act. 

(8) The Trustee may from time to time request that the Issuer deliver an Officers Certificate setting forth the
names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Officers Certificate may be signed by any persons authorized to sign an Officers Certificate, including
any person specified as so authorized in any such certificate previously delivered and not superseded. 

(9) In no
event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the
likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(10) The Trustee will not be bound to make
any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness, or other paper or document,
or inquire as to the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantors of any of their covenants in this Indenture. 

SECTION 7.03. Individual Rights
of Trustee. 

The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may make loans to, accept
deposits from, perform services for or otherwise deal with either the Issuer or any Guarantor, or any Affiliates thereof, with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. Any Agent may do the same with like rights. The Trustee shall also
be subject to Sections 7.10 and 7.11. 

SECTION 7.04. Trustees Disclaimer. 

The Trustee shall not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes or any
Guarantee, it shall not be accountable for the Issuers or any Guarantors use of the proceeds from the sale of Notes, it will not be responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying Agent (other than itself as
Paying Agent) or any money paid to the Issuer or any Guarantor pursuant to the terms of this Indenture and it shall not be responsible for any statement in the Notes, the Guarantees or this Indenture other than its certificate of authentication. The
Trustee shall not be responsible for any statement in the Offering Memorandum or any other document utilized by the Issuer in connection with the sale of the Notes, shall not be responsible for compliance with securities laws in connection with the
issuance and sale of the Notes, and shall not be responsible for any rating on the Notes or any action or omission of any Rating Agency. 

-69- 

SECTION 7.05. Notice of Defaults. 

If a Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing (which shall not be cured or waived) and if it is known to
the Trustee (pursuant to Section 7.01(a) hereof), the Trustee shall give to each Noteholder a notice of the Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs in the manner as provided in this Indenture. Except in the case of a Default
or Event of Default relating to the payment of the principal of or interest on any Note (including payments pursuant to a redemption or repurchase of the Notes pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture), the Trustee may withhold the notice if and
so long as the board of directors, the executive committee or a trust committee of directors or Responsible Officers of the Trustee in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Holders. 

SECTION 7.06. [reserved]. 

SECTION 7.07. 
Compensation and Indemnity. 

The Issuer and the Guarantors shall pay to the Trustee from time to time compensation as agreed upon
for its services hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust). The Issuer and the Guarantors shall reimburse the Trustee upon request for all reasonable
disbursements, expenses and advances incurred or made by it in connection with the Trustees duties under this Indenture, including the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustees agents and external counsel. 

The Issuer and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, shall indemnify each of the Trustee and its agents, employees, stockholders, directors
and officers and any predecessor Trustee for, and hold each of them harmless against, any and all loss, damage, claim, liability or expense, including without limitation taxes (other than taxes based on the income of the Trustee) and reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses (collectively, Losses) incurred by each of them in connection with the acceptance or administration of this Indenture or the performance of its duties under this Indenture or the exercise of its
rights and powers under the Notes and the Guarantees, including the costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture (including this Section 7.07), the Notes and the Guarantees or otherwise arising under this Indenture and including the
reasonable costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by any Holder, the Issuer, any Guarantor or otherwise) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its rights, powers or duties hereunder
(including, without limitation, settlement costs). The Trustee shall notify the Issuer and the Guarantors in writing promptly of any third party claim of which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge asserted against the Trustee
for which it may seek indemnity (each, a Third Party Claim); provided that the failure by the Trustee to so notify the Issuer and the Guarantors shall not relieve the Issuer and Guarantors of their obligations hereunder
except to the extent the Issuer and the Guarantors are actually prejudiced thereby. Neither the Issuer nor any Guarantor need pay for any settlement or provide any indemnification for any other Losses associated therewith to the extent such
settlement is made in connection with any Third Party Claim without its consent, which consent may be withheld in its sole discretion. The Trustee shall have the right to its own counsel and the Issuer shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of
such counsel in connection with any Third Party Claim to the 

-70- 

extent the Trustee reasonably determines that a conflict of interest exists or is required in connection with the performance of its duties under this Indenture. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer and the Guarantors need not reimburse the Trustee for any expense or indemnify it against any loss
or liability to have been incurred by the Trustee through its own negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. 

To secure the payment
obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors in this Section 7.07, the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee except for such money or property held in trust to pay principal of
and interest on particular Notes. Such lien shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture. 

The obligations of the Issuer
and the Guarantors under this Section 7.07 to compensate and indemnify the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee and to pay or reimburse the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee for expenses, disbursements and advances shall be joint and several
liabilities of the Issuer and each of the Guarantors and shall survive the resignation or removal of the Trustee and the satisfaction, discharge or other termination of this Indenture, including any termination or rejection hereof under any
Bankruptcy Law. 

When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(7) occurs,
the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any applicable Bankruptcy Law. 

For purposes of this Section 7.07, the term Trustee shall include any trustee appointed pursuant to this Article Seven,
provided, however, that the negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of any Trustee hereunder shall not affect the rights of any other Trustee hereunder. The provisions of this Section 7.07 shall apply to Trustee in its capacity as
Paying Agent, Registrar and any other Agent under this Indenture. 

SECTION 7.08. Replacement of Trustee. 

The Trustee may resign at any time by so notifying the Issuer and the Guarantors in writing. The Holders of a majority in principal amount of
the outstanding Notes may remove the Trustee by notifying the Issuer and the removed Trustee in writing and may appoint a successor Trustee with the Issuers written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Issuer may
remove the Trustee at its election if: 

(1) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10; 

(2) the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee
under any Bankruptcy Law; 

(3) a receiver or other public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or

(4) the Trustee otherwise becomes incapable of acting. 

-71- 

If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any
reason, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee. 

If a successor Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the
retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee, the Issuer or the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may petition at the expense of the Issuer any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a
successor Trustee. 

If the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10, Noteholders holding at least 10% in principal amount of the
Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

A
successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Issuer. Immediately following such delivery, the retiring Trustee shall, subject to its rights under Section 7.07, transfer all property
held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. A successor
Trustee shall mail notice of its succession to each Noteholder. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.08, the Issuers obligations under Section 7.07 shall continue for the benefit of the retiring
Trustee. 

SECTION 7.09. Successor Trustee by Consolidation, Merger, etc.

If the Trustee consolidates with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust assets to, another
corporation, subject to Section 7.10, the successor corporation without any further act shall be the successor Trustee; provided that such entity shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under this Article Seven. 

SECTION 7.10. Eligibility; Disqualification. 

There will at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of
America or of any state thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least
$100.0 million as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. 

SECTION 7.11. Paying Agents. 

The Issuer shall cause each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to execute and deliver to it and the Trustee an instrument in which such Paying
Agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 7.11: 

(A) that it will hold all
sums held by it as agent for the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, the Notes (whether such sums have been paid to it by the Issuer or by any obligor on the Notes) in trust for the benefit of Holders of the Notes or the
Trustee; 

-72- 

(B) that it will at any time during the continuance of any Event of
Default, upon written request from the Trustee, deliver to the Trustee all sums so held in trust by it together with a full accounting thereof; and 

(C) that it will give the Trustee written notice within three Business Days of any failure of the Issuer (or by any
obligor on the Notes) in the payment of any installment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, the Notes when the same shall be due and payable. 

ARTICLE EIGHT 

AMENDMENT,
SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

SECTION 8.01. Without Consent of Noteholders. 

Notwithstanding Section 8.02, the Issuer, the Guarantors (except that any existing Guarantors need not execute a supplemental indenture
entered into pursuant to clause (5) below) and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture, the Notes or the Guarantees without the consent of any Holder for any of the following purposes: 

(1) to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 

(2) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of Physical Notes; 

(3) to provide for the assumption of the Issuers or any Guarantors obligations to the Holders of such Notes
in the case of a merger, consolidation, Division or Transfer of sale of all or substantially all of the Issuers or such Guarantors assets; 

(4) to secure the Notes; 

(5) to add any Guarantor or release any Guarantor from its Guarantee if such release is in accordance with the terms of
this Indenture; 

(6) to conform the text of this Indenture, the Notes, or the Guarantees to any provision of the
Description of Notes set forth in the Offering Memorandum to the extent that such provision in the Description of Notes set forth in the Offering Memorandum was intended to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of this
Indenture, the Notes, or the Guarantees, which intent may be evidenced by an Officers Certificate to that effect; 

(7) to provide for the issuance of Additional Notes in accordance with the limitations set forth in this Indenture as of
the date hereof; 

(8) to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of such
Notes or that does not adversely affect the rights under this Indenture of any Holder in any material respect; or 

-73- 

(9) add customary provisions allowing for the issuance of Additional
Notes into escrow. 

SECTION 8.02. With Consent of Noteholders. 

(a) Except to the extent provided in Section 8.01 and clause (b) of this Section 8.02, this Indenture, the Notes or any
Guarantee may be amended with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes voting as a single class (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a purchase of,
tender offer or exchange offer for Notes), and any existing Default or compliance with any provision of this Indenture, the Notes or any Guarantee may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then
outstanding Notes voting as a single class (including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, tender offer or exchange offer for Notes). 

(b) Notwithstanding clause (a) of this Section 8.02, without the consent of each Holder of Notes issued under this Indenture
affected thereby, an amendment or waiver may not (with respect to any Note held by a non-consenting Holder): 

(1) reduce the principal amount of Notes issued under this Indenture whose Holders must consent to an amendment,
supplement or waiver; 

(2) reduce the principal amount of or change the Maturity Date of any Notes, or alter the
provisions with respect to the redemption of any such Notes other than, except as set forth in clause (7) of this Section 8.02 and the provisions of Section 4.07 of this Indenture; 

(3) reduce the rate of or change the time for payment of interest on any such Notes; 

(4) waive a Default or Event of Default in the payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any such Notes
(except a rescission of acceleration of Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); 

(5) make any such Note payable in currency other than that stated in such Note; 

(6) make any change to the provisions of this Indenture relating to waiver of past Defaults or the rights of Holders of
the Notes issued hereunder to receive payments of principal of or interest on the Notes; 

(7) after the Issuers
obligation to make an offer to purchase Notes arises hereunder (because, for the avoidance of doubt, a Change of Control has occurred) amend, change or modify in any material respect the obligations of the Issuer to make and consummate a Change of
Control Offer with respect to a Change of Control that has occurred, including, without limitation, in each case, by amending, changing or modifying any of the definitions relating thereto; 

-74- 

(8) release the Issuer or any Guarantor that is a Significant
Subsidiary from any of its obligations under its Guarantee or this Indenture otherwise than in accordance with the terms of this Indenture; or 

(9) modify or change any provision of this Indenture affecting the ranking of the Notes or Guarantees in a manner adverse
to the Holders of Notes. 

(c) It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders under this Section 8.02 to approve the
particular form of any proposed amendment or waiver, but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. 

SECTION 8.03. 
Revocation and Effect of Consents. 

(a) After an amendment, supplement, waiver or other action becomes effective, a consent to
it by a Holder of a Note is a continuing consent conclusive and binding upon such Holder and every subsequent Holder of the same Note or portion thereof, and of any Note issued upon the transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in place thereof,
even if notation of the consent is not made on any such Note. 

(b) The Issuer may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date
for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to consent to any amendment, supplement or waiver. If a record date is fixed, then, notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, those Persons who were Noteholders at such record date (or their duly
designated proxies), and only such Persons, shall be entitled to consent to such amendment, supplement, or waiver or to revoke any consent previously given, whether or not such Persons continue to be Noteholders after such record date. No such
consent shall be valid or effective for more than 90 days after such record date unless the consent of the requisite number of Noteholders has been obtained. 

(c) After an amendment, supplement, waiver or other action under Section 8.01 or Section 8.02 becomes effective, it shall bind
every Noteholder, unless it makes a change described in any of clauses (1) through (9) of Section 8.02(b). In that case the amendment, supplement, waiver or other action shall bind each Noteholder who has consented to it and every
subsequent Noteholder or portion of a Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders Note. 

SECTION 8.04. Notation on or
Exchange of Notes. 

If an amendment, supplement, or waiver changes the terms of a Note, the Trustee (in accordance with the specific
written direction of the Issuer) shall request the Holder of the Note (in accordance with the specific written direction of the Issuer) to deliver it to the Trustee. In such case, the Trustee shall place an appropriate notation on the Note about the
changed terms and return it to the Noteholder. Alternatively, if the Issuer or the Trustee so determines, the Issuer in exchange for the Note shall issue and, upon receipt of a written order of the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate
in accordance with Section 2.01, the Trustee shall authenticate a new Note that reflects the changed terms. Failure to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note shall not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or
waiver. 

-75- 

SECTION 8.05. Trustee To Sign Amendments, etc.

The Trustee shall sign any amendment or supplement authorized pursuant to this Article Eight if the amendment or supplement does not
affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee. If it does affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee, the Trustee may, but need not, sign such amendment or supplement. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, in signing or refusing to sign an amendment or supplement, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive and, subject to Section 7.01, shall be fully protected in relying upon an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel
stating, in addition to the matters required by Section 11.03, that the execution of such amendment or supplement is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and an Opinion of Counsel stating that such amendment or supplement is a valid and
binding obligation of the Issuer and the Guarantors, enforceable against the Issuer and the Guarantors in accordance with its terms (subject to customary exceptions). 

ARTICLE NINE 

SATISFACTION AND
DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE; DEFEASANCE 

SECTION 9.01. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture. 

This Indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect as to the Notes and Guarantees, and the Trustee, at the expense of the
Issuer, will execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, such Notes and Guarantees, when all amounts due to the Trustee shall have been paid and either: 

(1) the Issuer delivers to the Trustee all outstanding Notes issued under this Indenture (other than (i) Notes which
have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.08 hereof and (ii) Notes for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and
thereafter repaid to the Issuer or discharged from such trust) for cancellation; or 

(2) (a) all Notes outstanding
under this Indenture (i) have become due and payable, whether at maturity or as a result of the mailing or sending of a notice of redemption, or (ii) will become due and payable within one year (including as result of the mailing or
sending of a notice of redemption), or are to be called for redemption within one year, under arrangements for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Issuer, and the Issuer or any Guarantor
irrevocably deposits with the Trustee as funds in trust solely for the benefit of the Holders, cash in U.S. Dollars, U.S. Government Obligations or a combination thereof in such amounts as will be sufficient to pay the principal of, premium, if any,
and interest on such Notes outstanding under this Indenture on the maturity date or on the applicable optional redemption date, as the case may be; (b) such deposit shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under,
any other material instrument to which the Issuer or any Guarantor is a party or by which the Issuer or any Guarantor is bound; (c) the Issuer or any Guarantor has paid or caused to be paid all sums payable by the Issuer or any Guarantor under
this Indenture; and (d) the Issuer have delivered (i) irrevocable instructions to the Trustee under this Indenture 

-76- 

to apply the deposited money toward the payment of such Notes at maturity or the redemption date, as the case may be, and (ii) an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each
stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with. 

The
Trustee shall acknowledge satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture on demand of and at the expense of the Issuer. 

Notwithstanding the
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the Issuer in Article Two and in Sections 4.02, 7.07, 9.05 and 9.06 shall survive such satisfaction and discharge. 

SECTION 9.02. Legal Defeasance. 

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have all of its obligations and the obligations of the Guarantors discharged with
respect to the outstanding Notes on a date the conditions set forth in Section 9.04 are satisfied (hereinafter, Legal Defeasance). For this purpose, such Legal Defeasance means that the Issuer will be deemed to have paid and
discharged the entire indebtedness represented by the outstanding Notes and to have satisfied all their other obligations under the Notes and this Indenture insofar as such Notes are concerned (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Issuer, shall,
subject to Section 9.06, execute instruments in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee and the Issuer acknowledging the same), except for the following which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder:

(1) the rights of the Holders of the outstanding Notes to receive solely from the trust described in
Section 9.04 and as more fully set forth in Section 9.05, payments in respect of the principal amount of, premium, if any, and interest on such Notes when such payments are due, 

(2) the Issuers obligations with respect to of the Notes under Article Two and Section 4.02, 

(3) the rights, powers, trusts, duties, and immunities of the Trustee hereunder (including claims of, or payments to, the
Trustee under or pursuant to Section 7.07) and the Issuers obligations in connection therewith and 

(4) this Article Nine. 

Concurrently with any Legal Defeasance, the Issuer may, at its further option, cause to be terminated, as of the date on which such Legal
Defeasance occurs, all of the obligations under any or all of the Guarantees, if any, then existing and obtain the release of the Guarantees of any or all Guarantors. In order to exercise such option regarding a Guarantee, the Issuer shall provide
the Trustee with written notice of their desire to terminate such Guarantee prior to the delivery of the Opinions of Counsel referred to in Section 9.04. 

-77- 

Subject to compliance with this Article Nine, the Issuer may exercise its option under
this Section 9.02 with respect to the Notes notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 9.03 below with respect to the Notes. 

SECTION 9.03. Covenant Defeasance. 

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have its obligations and the obligations of the Guarantors under Section 4.05,
4.07, 4.08, 4.09, 4.10, 4.12, 4.13 and 4.14, clauses (2) and (3) of the first paragraph of Section 5.01 and clauses (2) and (3) of second first paragraph of Section 5.01 released with respect to outstanding Notes on a date the
conditions set forth in Section 9.04 are satisfied (hereinafter, Covenant Defeasance). For this purpose, Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to the of outstanding Notes, the Issuer may fail to comply with and shall
have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in any such covenant to
any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Section 6.01, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture, the Notes and the
Guarantees shall be unaffected thereby. In addition, upon the Issuers exercise of the option in this Section 9.03, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 9.04, Sections 6.01(3), (4), (5) and (6) shall
not constitute Events of Default. 

Notwithstanding any discharge or release of any obligations under this Indenture pursuant to
Section 9.02 or this Section 9.03, the Issuers obligations in Article Two and Sections 7.07, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 shall survive until such time as the Notes have been paid in full. Thereafter, the Issuers obligations in
Sections 7.07, 9.05, 9.07 and 9.08 shall survive. 

SECTION 9.04. Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. 

The following shall be the conditions to application of Section 9.02 or Section 9.03 to the outstanding Notes: 

(1) the Issuer must irrevocably deposit with the Trustee, in trust, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes issued
under this Indenture, cash in U.S. Dollars, U.S. Government Obligations or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient (with respect to non-callable U.S. government securities or a combination
of cash in U.S. dollars and non-callable U.S. government securities in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants (such opinion shall be delivered to the Trustee and upon
which the Trustee shall have no liability in relying)), to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes outstanding under this Indenture on the stated maturity or on the applicable optional redemption date, as the case may be, and
the Issuer must specify whether such Notes are being defeased to maturity or to a particular redemption date; 

(2) in
the case of Legal Defeasance, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel in the United States (upon which the Trustee shall have no liability in relying) confirming that (a) the Issuer has received from, or
(b) there has been 

-78- 

published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling or since the date of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and
based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the Holders of the Notes outstanding under this Indenture will not recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of such Legal Defeasance and will be subject to
federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Legal Defeasance had not occurred; 

(3) in the case of Covenant Defeasance, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel in the
United States (upon which the Trustee shall have no liability in relying) confirming that the Holders of the Notes outstanding under this Indenture will not recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of such Covenant
Defeasance and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred; 

(4) no Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such
deposit (other than a Default or Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit) or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 91st
day after the date of deposit; 

(5) such Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance will not result in a breach or
violation of, or constitute a default under any material agreement or instrument (other than this Indenture) to which the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is bound;

(6) the Issuer must deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate (upon which the Trustee shall have no
liability in relying) stating that the deposit was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Holders of the Notes issued under this Indenture over the other creditors of the Issuer with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or
defrauding creditors of the Issuer or others; and 

(7) the Issuer must deliver to the Trustee an Officers
Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel upon which the Trustee shall have the right to rely, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for relating to the Legal Defeasance or the Covenant Defeasance have been complied with. 

SECTION 9.05. Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations To Be Held inTrust. 

Subject to Section 9.08, all money and U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee pursuant to
Section 9.04 in respect of the outstanding Notes shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agents, to the Holders
of such Notes, of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal, premium, 

-79- 

if any, and accrued interest, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. 

The Issuer and the Guarantors shall (on a joint and several basis) pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed
on or assessed against the U.S. Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 9.04 or the principal, premium, if any, and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account
of the Holders of the outstanding Notes. 

Anything in this Article Nine to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or
pay to the Issuer from time to time upon a request of the Issuer any money or U.S. Government Obligations held by it as provided in Section 9.04 which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed
in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, are in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. 

SECTION 9.06. Reinstatement. 

If
the Trustee or any Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with Section 9.01, 9.02 or 9.03 by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental
authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, the Issuers and each Guarantors obligations under this Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred
pursuant to this Article Nine until such time as the Trustee or such Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money or U.S. Government Obligations in accordance with Section 9.01; provided that if the Issuer or the Guarantors
have made any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or accrued interest on any Notes because of the reinstatement of their obligations, the Issuer or the Guarantors, as the case may be, shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such
Notes to receive such payment from the money or U.S. Government Obligations held by the Trustee or any Paying Agent. 

SECTION 9.07. Moneys Held
by Paying Agent. 

In connection with the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, all moneys and U.S. Government Obligations then
held by any Paying Agent under the provisions of this Indenture shall, upon written demand of the Issuer, be paid or delivered to the Trustee, or if sufficient moneys and U.S. Government Obligations have been deposited pursuant to Section 9.04,
to the Issuer upon a request of the Issuer (or, if such moneys and U.S. Government Obligations had been deposited by the Guarantors, to the Parent Guarantors), and thereupon such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect
to such moneys. 

SECTION 9.08. Moneys Held by Trustee. 

Any moneys and U.S. Government Obligations deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent or then held by the Issuer or the Guarantors in trust
for the payment of the principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on any Note that are not applied but remain unclaimed by the Holder of such Note for two years after the date upon which the principal of, or premium, if any,

-80- 

or interest on such Note shall have respectively become due and payable shall be repaid or returned to the Issuer (or, if appropriate, the Guarantors) upon a request of the Issuer, or if such
moneys and U.S. Government Obligations are then held by the Issuer or the Guarantors in trust, such moneys and U.S. Government Obligations shall be released from such trust; and the Holder of such Note entitled to receive such payment shall
thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer and the Guarantors for the payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust moneys and U.S. Government Obligations shall thereupon
cease; provided that the Trustee or any such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may, at the expense of the Issuer and the Guarantors, either mail to each Noteholder affected, at the address shown in the register
of the Notes maintained by the Registrar pursuant to Section 2.06, or cause to be published once a week for two successive weeks, in one newspaper published in the English language, customarily published each Business Day and of general
circulation in The City of New York, the State of New York, a notice that such moneys and U.S. Government Obligations remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such mailing or
publication, any unclaimed balance of such moneys and U.S. Government Obligations then remaining will be repaid or returned to the Issuer. After payment or return to the Issuer or the Guarantors or the release of any moneys and U.S. Government
Obligations held in trust by the Issuer or any Guarantors, as the case may be, Holders entitled thereto must look only to the Issuer and the Guarantors for payment as general creditors unless applicable abandoned property law designates another
Person. 

ARTICLE TEN 

GUARANTEE OF SECURITIES 

SECTION 10.01. Guarantee. 

The
Guarantors, by execution of this Indenture, and any other Guarantor, by execution of a supplemental indenture substantially in the form of Exhibit G, jointly and severally, guarantee to each Holder and to the Trustee (i) the due and
punctual payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on each Note, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, the due and punctual payment of interest on the overdue principal
of and interest on the Notes, to the extent lawful, and the due and punctual payment of all other obligations and due and punctual performance of all obligations of the Issuer to the Holders or the Trustee all in accordance with the terms of such
Note and this Indenture and (ii) in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that the same will be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the
extension or renewal, at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. The Guarantors, by execution of this Indenture, and any other Guarantor, by execution of a supplemental indenture substantially in the form of Exhibit G, agrees that,
subject only to the applicable provisions, if any, of Section 10.06, its obligations hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of, and shall be unaffected by, any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any such Note
or this Indenture, any failure to enforce the provisions of any such Note or this Indenture, any waiver, modification or indulgence granted to the Issuer with respect thereto by the Holder of such Note, or any other circumstances which may otherwise
constitute a legal or equitable discharge of a surety or such Guarantor. Each Guarantor further 

-81- 

agrees that its Guarantee herein constitutes a Guarantee of payment when due (and not a Guarantee of collection). 

Each Guarantor hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand for payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of merger or bankruptcy of
the Issuer, any right to require a proceeding first against the Issuer, protest or notice with respect to any such Note or the Indebtedness evidenced thereby and all demands whatsoever, and covenants that this Guarantee will not be discharged as to
any such Note except by payment in full of the principal thereof and interest thereon. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that, as between such Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (i) the maturity of the
obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article Six for the purposes of this Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby,
and (ii) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article Six, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Parent Guarantor for the purpose of this
Guarantee. 

The Guarantors shall have the right to seek contribution from any non-paying Guarantor
so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Trustee or any Holder under the Guarantees. 

SECTION 10.02. Execution
and Delivery of Guarantee. 

The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due
delivery of any Guarantee set forth in this Indenture on behalf of the Guarantor. 

SECTION 10.03. Release of Guarantors. 

(a) A Guarantee of a Guarantor will be unconditionally and automatically released and discharged upon any of the following (other than,
with respect to a Guarantor that is a direct or indirect parent of the Issuer, clauses (1) and (2) below): 

(1) any Transfer (including, without limitation, by way of consolidation or merger) by any Guarantor to any Person that
is not a Guarantor of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of such Guarantor; provided that such Guarantor is also released from all of its obligations in respect of Indebtedness under each Credit Facility and any other
Indebtedness that gave rise to the obligation to provide such Guarantee; 

(2) any Transfer directly or indirectly
(including, without limitation, by way of consolidation or merger) to any Person that is not a Guarantor of Equity Interests of a Guarantor or any issuance by a Guarantor of its Equity Interests, such that such Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary of
the Parent Guarantor; provided that such Guarantor is also released from all of its obligations in respect of Indebtedness under each Credit Facility and any other Indebtedness that gave rise to the obligation to provide such Guarantee; 

(3) the release of such Guarantor from all obligations of such Guarantor in respect of Indebtedness under each Credit
Facility and any other Indebtedness that gave rise to the obligation to provide such Guarantee; or 

-82- 

(4) upon legal defeasance, covenant defeasance or satisfaction and
discharge of this Indenture in accordance with Article Nine. 

(b) No such release and discharge of a Guarantee
of a Guarantor shall be effective against the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes to which such Guarantee relates (i) if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under this Indenture as of the time of such proposed release
until such time as such Event of Default is cured or waived (unless such release is in connection with the sale of the Equity Interests in such Guarantor constituting collateral for a Credit Facility in connection with the exercise of remedies
against such Equity Interests or in connection with a Transfer permitted by this Indenture if, but for the existence of such Event of Default, such Guarantor would otherwise be entitled to be released from its Guarantee following the sale of such
Equity Interests) and (ii) until the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate, upon which the Trustee shall have the right to rely, stating that all conditions precedent provided for in this Indenture relating to
such release and discharge have been complied with and that such release and discharge is permitted under this Indenture. 

(c) If the Guarantee of any Guarantor is deemed to be released or is automatically released, the Issuer shall deliver to
the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating the identity of the released Guarantor, the basis for release in reasonable detail, and that such release complies with this Indenture. At the request and cost of the Issuer, and upon delivery to the
Trustee of an Officers Certificate that a Guarantor has been released and that execution by the Trustee of documents reasonably requested by the Issuer or such Guarantor evidencing the release of the Parent Guarantor from its Guarantee
complies with this Indenture, the Trustee shall execute any documents reasonably requested by either the Issuer or a Guarantor in order to evidence the release of the Parent Guarantor from its obligations under its Guarantee endorsed on the Notes
and under this Article Ten (it being understood that the failure to obtain any such instrument shall not impair any automatic release pursuant to this Section 10.03). 

SECTION 10.04. Waiver of Subrogation. 

Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any claim or other rights which it may now or hereafter acquire against the Issuer that arise from the
existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantors obligations under its Guarantee and this Indenture, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, indemnification, and any right to
participate in any claim or remedy of any Holder of Notes against the Issuer, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity, or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from the
Issuer, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or Note on account of such claim or other rights. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in
violation of the preceding sentence and Notes shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall have been deemed to have been paid to such Guarantor for the benefit of, and held in trust for the benefit of, the Holders of such Notes, and shall
forthwith be paid to the Trustee for the benefit of such Holders to be credited and applied upon the Notes, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Indenture. Each acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect
benefits from the financing 

-83- 

arrangements contemplated by this Indenture and that the waiver set forth in this Section 10.04 is knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 

SECTION 10.05. Notice to Trustee. 

The Issuer or any Guarantor shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any fact known to such Issuer or any such Guarantor which would
prohibit the making of any payment to or by the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office in respect of the Guarantees. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article Ten or any other provision of this Indenture, the Trustee shall not be charged with
knowledge of the existence of any facts which would prohibit the making of any payment to or by the Trustee in respect of the Guarantees, unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received written notice thereof from the
Issuer no later than three Business Days prior to such payment; and, prior to the receipt of any such written notice, the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 10.05, and subject to the provisions of Sections 7.01 and 7.02,
shall be entitled in all respects to assume that no such facts exist; provided, however, that if the Trustee shall not have received the notice referred to in this Section 10.05 at least three Business Days prior to the date upon
which by the terms hereof any such payment may become payable for any purpose under this Indenture (including, without limitation, the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any Note), then, anything herein contained to the
contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall have full power and authority to receive such money and to apply the same to the purpose for which such money was received and shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary which may be received by
it less than three Business Days prior to such date. 

SECTION 10.06. Limitation on Guarantors Liability. 

Each Guarantor, and by its acceptance hereof, each Holder and the Trustee, hereby confirm that it is the intention of all such parties that the
Guarantee of a Guarantor does not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar U.S.
Federal or state or other applicable law. To effectuate the foregoing intention, each Holder and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of a Guarantor under its Guarantee shall be limited to the maximum amount as will, after
giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor result in the obligations of such Guarantor not constituting such a fraudulent transfer or conveyance. 

ARTICLE ELEVEN 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 11.01. Notices. 

Except
for notice or communications to Holders, any notice or communication shall be given in writing and delivered in person or mailed by first class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), telex, telecopier or overnight air courier
guaranteeing next day delivery, addressed as follows: 

If to the Issuer or any Guarantor: 

-84- 

WESCO Distribution, Inc. 

225 West Station Square Drive, Suite 700 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219-1122 

Facsimile: (412) 222-7566

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

with a copy to: 

225 West
Station Square Drive, Suite 700 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219-1122 

Facsimile: (412) 222-7304

Attention: General Counsel 

If
to the Trustee: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

225 W. Station Square Drive, Suite 380 

Pittsburgh, PA 15219 

Attention: Corporate Trust Services 

The Issuer, the Guarantors or the Trustee by written notice to the others may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent
notices or communications. 

All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders) shall be deemed to have been duly given at
the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five (5) calendar days after mailing if sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid (except that a notice of change of address shall not be deemed to have been given until actually
received by the addressee); when answered back, if telexed; when receipt acknowledged, if telecopied; and the next Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery. 

The Trustee shall accept and act upon instructions, directions, reports, notices and other communications or information pursuant to this
Indenture sent by unsecured electronic transmissions (including email and .pdf attachments); provided that (i) the Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation to verify or confirm that the Person sending instructions, directions,
reports, notices or other communications or information by electronic transmission is, in fact, a Person authorized to give such instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or information on behalf of the party purporting to
send such electronic transmission; and the Trustee shall not have any liability for any losses, liabilities, costs or expenses incurred or sustained by any party as a result of such reliance upon or compliance with such instructions, directions,
reports, notices or other communications or information and (ii) each other party agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of electronic methods to submit instructions, directions, reports, notices or other communications or
information to the Trustee and the use of digital signatures, including the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, notices, reports or other communications 

-85- 

or information, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. All notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder must be in writing (provided that any
communication sent to the Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to the Trustee by an
authorized representative), in English. 

Any notice or communication to a Holder shall be mailed by first class mail, certified or
registered, return receipt requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery to its address shown on the register kept by the Registrar. Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect
its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. Where this Indenture or any Note provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption or repurchase) to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be
sufficiently given if given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with applicable Depositary procedures. 

If a notice or communication to a Holder is mailed in the manner provided above, it shall be deemed duly given, whether or not the addressee
receives it. 

In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service, or by reason of any other cause, it shall be impossible to mail
any notice as required by this Indenture, then such method of notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient mailing of such notice. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any notice to the Trustee shall be deemed given when actually received. 

SECTION 11.02. [reserved]. 

SECTION 11.03. 
Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent. 

Upon any request or application by the Issuer or any Guarantor to the Trustee
to take any action under this Indenture, such Issuer or such Guarantor shall furnish to the Trustee: 

(1) an
Officers Certificate (which shall include the statements set forth in Section 11.04 below) stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the
proposed action have been complied with; and 

(2) an Opinion of Counsel (which shall include the statements set forth
in Section 11.04 below) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent and covenants have been complied with. 

SECTION
11.04. Statements Required in Certificate and Opinion. 

Each certificate and opinion with respect to compliance by or on
behalf of the Issuer or any Guarantor with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include: 

-86- 

(1) a statement that the Person making such certificate or opinion has
read such covenant or condition; 

(2) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or
investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based; 

(3) a
statement that, in the opinion of such Person, it or he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable it or him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and 

(4) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such covenant or condition has been complied with.

SECTION 11.05. Rules by Trustee and Agents. 

The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or meetings of Noteholders. The Registrar and Paying Agent may make reasonable rules for
their functions. 

SECTION 11.06. Business Days; Legal Holidays. 

A Business Day is a day that is not a Legal Holiday. A Legal Holiday is a Saturday, a Sunday or other day
on which commercial banks in The City of New York, the State of New York are authorized or required by law to close. If a payment date is a Legal Holiday at a place of payment, payment may be made at that place on the next succeeding day that is not
a Legal Holiday, and no interest shall accrue for the intervening period. 

SECTION 11.07. Governing Law. 

This Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, but
without giving effect to applicable principles of conflicts of law to the extent that the application of the law of another jurisdiction would be required thereby. 

SECTION 11.08. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. 

This Indenture may not be used to interpret another indenture, loan, security or debt agreement of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary
thereof. No such indenture, loan, security or debt agreement may be used to interpret this Indenture. 

SECTION 11.09. Successors. 

All agreements of the Issuer and the Guarantors in this Indenture and the Notes shall bind their respective successors. All agreements of the
Trustee, any additional trustee and any Agents in this Indenture shall bind its successor. 

-87- 

SECTION 11.10. Multiple Counterparts. 

The parties may sign multiple counterparts of this Indenture. Each signed counterpart shall be deemed an original, but all of them together
represent one and the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in
lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 

SECTION 11.11. Table of Contents, Headings, etc.

The table of contents, cross-reference sheet and headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of
reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

SECTION
11.12. Separability.

Each provision of this Indenture shall be considered separable and if for any reason any provision
which is not essential to the effectuation of the basic purpose of this Indenture or the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby. 

SECTION 11.13. Waiver of Jury Trial. 

THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTORS AND THE TRUSTEE, AND EACH HOLDER OF A NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE THEREOF, IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES, THE GUARANTEES OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

SECTION 11.14. Force Majeure. 

In
no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work
stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it
being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances 

-88- 

SECTION 11.15. U.S.A. Patriot Act. 

The Issuer and the Guarantors acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial
institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the
Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

-89- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Indenture to be duly executed all as of the
date and year first written above. 

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC.,

as
Issuer

By: 

/s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Senior Vice President & Treasurer

WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC.,

as
Parent Guarantor

By: 

/s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer

ANIXTER INC.,

as Subsidiary
Guarantor

By: 

/s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Robert P. Pavlovic

Name: Robert P. Pavlovic

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

[FORM OF SENIOR NOTE] 

WESCO
DISTRIBUTION, INC. 

6.375% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2033 

[Insert Global Note Legend, if applicable] 

[Insert Private Placement Legend, if applicable] 

No. CUSIP No. 

ISIN No. 

$

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises
to pay to or registered assigns the principal sum of (or such other principal amount as shall
be set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in Global Note attached hereto), on March 15, 2033. 

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15, commencing on September 15, 2025.

Record Dates: March 1 and September 1 (whether or not a Business Day).

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have
the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

A-1-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by
a duly authorized officer. 

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-1-3 

Certificate of Authentication 

This is one of the 6.375% Senior Notes due 2033 referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Dated: 

A-1-4 

[FORM OF REVERSE OF SENIOR NOTE] 

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC. 

6.375% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2033 

Capitalized and certain other terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Indenture referred to below
unless otherwise indicated. 

1. Interest. WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer),
promises to pay interest on the principal amount set forth on the face hereof of this 6.375% Senior Note due 2033 (this Note and, together with any other 6.375% Senior Notes due 2033, the Notes) at a rate of
6.375% per annum. Interest hereon will accrue from and including the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from and including March 6, 2025 to but excluding the date on which interest is paid.
Interest shall be payable in arrears on each March 15 and September 15, commencing September 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months and actual days elapsed. The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal and on overdue interest (to the full extent permitted by law) at the rate borne by the Notes. 

2. Method of Payment. The Issuer will pay interest hereon (except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered Holders
at the close of business on March 1 or September 1 preceding the Interest Payment Date (whether or not a Business Day). Holders must surrender the Notes to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments. The Issuer will pay principal and
interest in U.S. Dollars. Interest may be paid by check mailed to the Holder entitled thereto at the address indicated on the register maintained by the Registrar for the Notes. 

3. Paying Agent and Registrar. Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Trustee) will act
as a Paying Agent and Registrar. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice. The Issuer or any Affiliate thereof may act as Paying Agent or Registrar. 

4. Indenture. The Issuer issued the Notes under an Indenture dated as of March 6, 2025 (the Indenture)
among the Issuer, the Parent Guarantor, the Subsidiary Guarantor and the Trustee. This is one of an issue of Notes of the Issuer issued, or to be issued, under the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture. The Notes
are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of them. 

5. Optional Redemption.

At any time prior to March 15, 2028, the Issuer may on any one or more occasions redeem up to (i) 35% of the original aggregate
principal amount of the Notes issued under the Indenture and (ii) all or a portion of any applicable Additional Notes issued after the Issue Date, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 106.375%
of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if 

A-1-5 

any, to but excluding the redemption date, with an amount of cash no greater than the cash proceeds (net of underwriting discounts and commissions) of all Equity Offerings since the Issue Date;
provided that: 

(1) at least 65% (calculated after giving effect to any issuance of applicable Additional
Notes) of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes issued under the Indenture (excluding the Notes held by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries) remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption; and 

(2) the redemption occurs within 180 days of the date of the closing of such Equity Offering. 

In addition, prior to March 15, 2028, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the
principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the applicable Make-Whole Redemption Date, plus the Make-Whole Premium. The Issuer will notify the Trustee of the Make-Whole Premium by delivering to the Trustee,
on or before the applicable Make-Whole Redemption Date, an Officers Certificate showing the calculation thereof in reasonable detail, and the Trustee will not be responsible for verifying or otherwise for such calculation. 

On or after March 15, 2028, the Issuer may on any one or more occasions redeem all or a part of the Notes, upon not less than 10 nor more
than 60 days notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes redeemed, to but excluding the applicable Redemption Date, if redeemed during
the 12-month period beginning on March 15 of the years indicated below: 

Year Percentage 

2028 103.188 % 

2029 101.594 % 

2030 and thereafter 100.000 % 

Unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes
or portions thereof called for redemption on the applicable redemption date. Any notice of redemption of the Notes may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent with respect to completion of a corporate
transaction (including, but not limited to, any merger, acquisition, disposition, asset sale or corporate restructuring or reorganization) or financing (including, but not limited to, any incurrence of Indebtedness (or entering into a commitment
with respect thereto), Sale and Leaseback Transaction, issuance of securities, equity offering or contribution, liability management transaction or other capital raise) and may be given prior to the completion thereof. If a redemption is subject to
satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the notice shall describe each condition, and the notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all of the conditions shall not have been satisfied by the redemption date. The Issuer may provide
in such 

A-1-6 

notice that payment of the redemption price and performance of the Issuers obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person. 

In addition, the Issuer may acquire Notes by means other than a redemption, whether by tender offer, open market purchases, negotiated
transactions or otherwise, in accordance with applicable securities laws, so long as such acquisition does not otherwise violate the terms of the Indenture. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the payment of accrued but unpaid interest in connection with the redemption of Notes is subject to the rights
of a Holder of Notes on a record date for the payment of interest whose Notes are to be redeemed on or after such record date but on or prior to the related interest payment date to receive interest on such interest payment date. 

6. Notice of Optional Redemption. Notices of redemption shall be mailed by first class mail or sent electronically at least 10
but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed at its registered address (or to the extent permitted or required by applicable Depositary procedures or regulations with respect to global Notes, sent
electronically). If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Note shall state the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. Any redemption and notice thereof may, in the Issuers
discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent described in the notice relating to such redemption. 

7. Offers To Purchase. The Indenture provides that upon the occurrence of a Change of Control or an Asset Sale and subject to
further limitations contained therein, the Issuer shall make an offer to purchase outstanding Notes in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indenture. 

8. Denominations, Transfer, Exchange. The Notes are in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000. A Holder may transfer or exchange Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay to it
any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar need not register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portion of a Note selected for redemption, or register the transfer of or exchange any Notes for a period of
15 days before a mailing of notice of redemption. 

9. Persons Deemed Owners. The registered Holder of this Note may be
treated as the owner of this Note for all purposes. 

10. Unclaimed Money. If money held by the Paying Agent or Trustee for
the payment of principal or interest remains unclaimed for two years, the Paying Agent or Trustee, as applicable, will pay such money back to the Issuer at its written request. After that, Holders entitled to the money must look to the Issuer and
the Guarantors for payment as general creditors unless an abandoned property law designates another Person. 

A-1-7 

11. Amendment, Supplement, Waiver, Etc. The Issuer and the Trustee may, without
the consent of the Holders of any outstanding Notes, amend, waive or supplement the Indenture or the Notes for certain specified purposes, including, among other things, curing ambiguities, omissions, defects or inconsistencies, providing for the
assumption by a successor to the Issuer of its obligations to the Holders and making any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect. Other amendments and modifications of the Indenture or the Notes may be
made by the Issuer and the Trustee with the consent of Holders as further described in the Indenture. 

12. Restrictive
Covenants. The Indenture imposes certain limitations on the ability of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries to, among other things, create liens, make Restricted Payments, enter into Sale and Leaseback Transactions or consolidate, merge or
sell all or substantially all of the assets of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries and requires the Issuer to provide reports to Holders of the Notes. Such limitations are subject to a number of important qualifications and exceptions.
Pursuant to Section 4.05 of the Indenture, the Issuer must annually report to the Trustee on compliance with such limitations. 

13. Successor Person. When a successor Person assumes all the obligations of its predecessor under the Notes and the Indenture
and the transaction complies with the terms of Article Five of the Indenture, the predecessor Person will, except as provided in Article Five, be released from those obligations. 

14. Defaults and Remedies. Events of Default are set forth in the Indenture. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing
under the Indenture, either the Trustee, by notice in writing to the Issuer, or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by notice in writing to the Issuer and the Trustee specifying the respective
Event of Default and that it is a notice of acceleration, may declare the principal of and premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, on the Notes to be due and payable, and upon such declaration of acceleration, such principal of
and premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, shall be immediately due and payable; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(7) occurs with respect to the Issuer
or the Parent Guarantor, the principal of and premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, on the Notes then outstanding shall become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if after such acceleration but before a judgment or decree based on such acceleration is obtained by the
Trustee, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may rescind and annul such acceleration if: 

(1) all Events of Default, other than nonpayment of principal, premium, if any, or interest that has become due solely
because of the acceleration, have been cured or waived; 

A-1-8 

(2) to the extent the payment of such interest is lawful, interest on
overdue installments of interest and overdue principal, which has become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration, has been paid; 

(3) the Issuer has paid the Trustee its reasonable compensation and reimbursed the Trustee for its expenses,
disbursements and advances; and 

(4) in the event of the cure or waiver of an Event of Default of the type described
in Section 6.01(7), the Trustee shall have received an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel that such Event of Default has been cured or waived. 

No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereto. 

Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee may require indemnity satisfactory to it
before it enforces the Indenture or the Notes. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from
Holders notice of any continuing Default or Event of Default (except a Default or Event of Default relating to the payment of principal of or interest on the Notes) if it determines that withholding notice is in their best interests. 

15. Trustee Dealings with the Issuer. The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits
from and perform services for the Issuer or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates, as if it were not Trustee. 

16. No Recourse Against Others. No director, officer, employee, incorporator, member of the Board of Directors or holder of
Capital Stock of the Parent Guarantor or of any Subsidiary, as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Indenture or the Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason
of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. 

17. Satisfaction andDischarge. The Issuers and each Guarantors obligations pursuant to the Indenture will be
discharged, except for obligations pursuant to certain sections thereof, subject to the terms of the Indenture, upon the payment of all the Notes or upon the irrevocable deposit with the Trustee of cash in U.S. Dollars, U.S. Government Obligations
or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient to pay when due principal of and interest on the Notes to maturity or redemption, as the case may be. 

18. Guarantees. From and after the Issue Date, the Notes will be entitled to the benefits of certain Guarantees made for the
benefit of the Holders. Reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and obligations thereunder of the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Holders. 

A-1-9 

19. Authentication. This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually
signs the certificate of authentication on the other side of this Note. 

20. Governing Law. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 

21. Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in
common), TENANT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

The Issuer will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to: 

WESCO Distribution, Inc. 

225
West Station Square Drive, Suite 700 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219-1122 

Facsimile: (412) 222-7566

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

A-1-10 

ASSIGNMENT 

I or we assign and transfer this Note to: 

(Insert assignees social security
or tax I.D. number) 

(Print or type name, address and zip code of assignee) 

and irrevocably appoint 

Agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The Agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Date: Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note)

Signature Guarantee:

SIGNATURE GUARANTEE 

Signatures
must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other
signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A-1-11 

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE 

If you want to elect to have all or any part of this Note purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Section 4.07 or Section 4.08 of the
Indenture check the appropriate box: 

Section 4.07
Section 4.08 

If you want to have only part of this Note
purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Section 4.07 or Section 4.08 of the Indenture, state the amount you elect to have purchased: 

$

($2,000 or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000; provided that the part not purchased
must be at least $2,000)

Date:

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Signature
Guaranteed

SIGNATURE GUARANTEE 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements
include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all
in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A-1-12 

SCHEDULEOF EXCHANGESOF
INTERESTSIN GLOBAL NOTE*

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an interest in another Global Note or for a Physical Note, or exchanges of a part of
another Global Note or Physical Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

Principal Amount

of

this Global Note 

Amount of increase in

Principal Amount

of

this Global Note 

Principal Amount

of this Global Note

following
such

decrease

(or increase) 

Signature of authorized

signatory of Trustee

* 

Insert in Global Securities only. 

A-1-13 

EXHIBIT B 

[FORM OF LEGEND FOR RESTRICTED SECURITIES] 

Any Restricted Note authenticated and delivered hereunder shall bear a legend (which would be in addition to any other legends required in the
case of a Global Note) in substantially the following form: 

THE SECURITY (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) EVIDENCED HEREBY WAS ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A
TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SECTION 5 OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH
REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH PURCHASER OF THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A
THEREUNDER. THE HOLDER OF THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) SUCH SECURITY MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, ONLY (1)(a) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHO THE SELLER REASONABLY
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT, (b) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A FOREIGN PERSON IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (c) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF APPLICABLE) OR (d) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER IF THE ISSUER SO
REQUESTS), (2) TO THE ISSUER OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION AND (B) THE
HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN CLAUSE (A) ABOVE. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALE OF THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY. 

B-1 

EXHIBIT C 

[FORM OF LEGEND FOR GLOBAL NOTE] 

Any Global Note authenticated and delivered hereunder shall bear a legend (which would be in addition to any other legends required in the
case of a Restricted Note) in substantially the following form: 

THIS NOTE IS A GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO
AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY. THIS NOTE IS NOT EXCHANGEABLE FOR NOTES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE
INDENTURE, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (OTHER THAN A TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY) MAY BE REGISTERED
EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY
TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON
IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

C-1 

Exhibit D 

[FORM OF LEGEND FOR REGULATION S NOTE] 

Any Regulation S Note authenticated and delivered hereunder shall bear a legend (which would be in addition to any other legends required in
the case of a Restricted Note) in substantially the following form: 

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON,
NOR IS IT PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON, AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 

D-1 

Exhibit E 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER 

WESCO
Distribution, Inc. 

225 West Station Square Drive, Suite 700 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219-1122 

Facsimile: (412) 222-7566

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association 

225 W. Station Square Drive, Suite 380 

Pittsburgh, PA 15219 

Facsimile:
(412)-552-2323

Attention: Corporate Trust Services 

Re: WESCO Distribution, Inc. 

Re: 

6.375% Senior Notes due 2033

(CUSIP _____________) 

(ISIN _______________) 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025 (the Indenture), by and among WESCO Distribution, Inc. (the
Issuer), the Parent Guarantor, the Subsidiary Guarantor and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.
______________ (the Transferor) owns and proposes to transfer the Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified in Annex A hereto, in the principal amount of ___________ in such Note[s] or interests (the
Transfer), to __________ (the Transferee), as further specified in Annex A hereto. In connection with the Transfer, the Transferor hereby certifies that: 

[CHECK ALL THAT APPLY] 

1. Check if
Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Note or a Physical Note pursuant to Rule 144A. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144A under the United States Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that the beneficial interest or Physical Note is being transferred to a Person that the Transferor reasonably believed and
believes is purchasing the beneficial interest or Physical Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which such Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such Person and each such account is a qualified
institutional buyer within the 

E-1 

meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and such Transfer is in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. Upon
consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Physical Note will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Rule
144A Global Note and/or the Physical Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

2. Check if Transferee will take delivery of a
beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note or a Physical Note pursuant to Regulation S. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the
Securities Act and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that (i) the Transfer is not being made to a person in the United States and (x) at the time the buy order was originated, the Transferee was outside the United
States or such Transferor and any Person acting on its behalf reasonably believed and believes that the Transferee was outside the United States or (y) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore
securities market and neither such Transferor nor any Person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was prearranged with a buyer in the United States, (ii) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements
of Rule 903(b) or Rule 904(b) of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iii) the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (iv) if the proposed transfer is being made
prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, the transfer is not being made to a U.S. Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than an Initial Purchaser). Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the
terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Physical Note will be subject to the restrictions on Transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Regulation S Global Note and/or the Physical Note and in the
Indenture and the Securities Act. 

3. Check and complete if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in the Global Note
or a Physical Note pursuant to any provision of the Securities Act other than Rule 144A or Regulation S. The Transfer is being effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to beneficial interests in Restricted
Global Notes and Restricted Physical Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States, and accordingly the Transferor hereby further certifies that (check
one): 

(a) such Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities
Act; 

or 

(b) such Transfer is being effected to the Issuer or a Subsidiary thereof; 

or 

E-2 

(c) such Transfer is being effected pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act and in compliance with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act; 

or 

(d) such Transfer is being effected pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act other than Rule 144A, Rule 144 or Rule 904, and the Transferor hereby further certifies that it has not engaged in any general solicitation within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act and the Transfer complies with the transfer
restrictions applicable to beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Note or Restricted Physical Notes and the requirements of the exemption claimed, which certification is supported by, if such Transfer is in respect of a principal amount of
Notes at the time of transfer of less than $250,000, an Opinion of Counsel provided by the Transferor or the Transferee (a copy of which the Transferor has attached to this certification), to the effect that such Transfer is in compliance with the
Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Physical Note will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend
printed on the Global Note and/or the Physical Notes and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

4. Check if Transferee will take
delivery of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or an Unrestricted Physical Note.

(a) Check if
Transfer is pursuant to Rule 144. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue
sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation
of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Physical Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the
Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Physical Notes and in the Indenture. 

(b) Check if Transfer is pursuant to
Regulation S. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky
securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of
the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Physical Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted
Global Notes, on Restricted Physical Notes and in the Indenture. 

E-3 

(c) Check if Transfer is pursuant to Other Exemption. (i) The
Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in compliance with an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904 and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture
and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any State of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities
Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Physical Note will not be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend
printed on the Restricted Global Notes or Restricted Physical Notes and in the Indenture. 

(d) Check if Transfer is
pursuant to an Effective Registration Statement. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in compliance with an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any State of
the United States and in compliance with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain
compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Physical Note will not be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the
Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes or Restricted Physical Notes and in the Indenture. 

This certificate and
the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Issuer. 

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated:

E-4 

ANNEX A TO CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER 

1. 

The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer the following: 

[CHECK ONE] 

(a) 

a beneficial interest in a: 

(i) 

Rule 144A Global Note (CUSIP ______) (ISIN ______), or 

(ii) 

Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP ______) (ISIN ______), or 

(b) 

a Restricted Physical Note. 

2. 

After the Transfer the Transferee will hold: 

[CHECK ONE] 

(a) 

a beneficial interest in the: 

(i) 

Rule 144A Global Note (CUSIP _______) (ISIN ______), or 

(ii) 

Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP ______) (ISIN ______), or 

(iii) 

Unrestricted Global Note (CUSIP ______) (ISIN ______), or 

(b) 

a Restricted Physical Note; or 

(c) 

an Unrestricted Physical Note, 

in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. 

E-5 

EXHIBIT F 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE 

WESCO
Distribution, Inc. 

225 West Station Square Drive, Suite 700 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219-1122 

Facsimile: (412) 222-7566

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

225 W. Station
Square Drive, Suite 380 

Pittsburgh, PA 15219 

Facsimile: (412)-552-2323

Attention: Corporate Trust Services 

re: WESCO Distribution, Inc. 

Re: 

6.375% Senior Notes due 2033

(CUSIP) 

(ISIN ) 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025 (the Indenture), by and among WESCO Distribution, Inc. (the
Issuer), the Parent Guarantor, the Subsidiary Guarantor and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 

(the Owner) owns and proposes to exchange the Note[s] or interest in such
Note[s] specified herein, in the principal amount of in such Note[s] or interests (the Exchange). In connection with the Exchange, the Owner hereby certifies that: 

1. Exchange of Restricted Physical Notes or Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for Unrestricted Physical Notes or Beneficial Interests
in an Unrestricted Global Note

(a) Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note to
beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note in an equal principal
amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such 

F-1 

Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest in
an Unrestricted Global Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

(b) Check if Exchange is from Restricted Physical Note to beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global
Note. In connection with the Owners Exchange of a Restricted Physical Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the
Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Physical Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the
restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest is being acquired in compliance with any applicable
blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

(c) Check if Exchange is from Restricted Physical Note to
Unrestricted Physical Note. In connection with the Owners Exchange of a Restricted Physical Note for an Unrestricted Physical Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Unrestricted Physical Note is being acquired for the
Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Physical Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the
restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Unrestricted Physical Note is being acquired in compliance with any
applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

2. Exchange of Restricted Physical Notes for Restricted Physical Notes or
Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes.

(a) Check if Exchange is from Restricted Physical Note to
beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners Restricted Physical Note for a beneficial interest in the [CHECK ONE] Rule 144A Global Note, Regulation S
Global Note with an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer and (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer
restrictions applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. Upon consummation of the proposed
Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the beneficial interest issued will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the relevant Restricted Global Note and in the Indenture and
the Securities Act. 

F-2 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the
benefit of the Issuer. 

[Insert Name of Owner]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: 

F-3 

EXHIBIT G 

FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

TO BE DELIVERED BY SUBSEQUENT GUARANTORS 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of ,
among (the Guaranteeing Subsidiary), a subsidiary of WESCO Distribution, Inc. (or its permitted successor), a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), and U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee under the Indenture referred to below (the Trustee). 

W I T N E
S S E T H 

WHEREAS, the Issuer has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025 (the
Indenture), providing for the issuance of the Issuers 6.375% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes); 

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that, under certain circumstances, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a
supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Issuers Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the
Guarantee); and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 8.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and
deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows: 

1. CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

2. AGREEMENT TO GUARANTEE. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees to provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in the Guarantee and in the Indenture including but not limited to Article 10 thereof. 

4. NO RECOURSE
AGAINST OTHERS. No director, officer, employee, incorporator member of the Board of Directors or holder of Capital Stock of the Issuer or of any Guarantor, as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantors under
the Notes, this Supplemental Indenture or the Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. 

G-1 

5. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 

6. COUNTERPARTS. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but
all of them together represent the same agreement. 

7. EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and
shall not affect the construction hereof. 

8. THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in
respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary and the Issuer. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first
above written. 

Dated: 

[GUARANTEEING SUBSIDIARY]

By: 

Name:

Title:

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

G-2 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

G-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d861758dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version

SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of February 28, 2025 (this
Amendment), is by and among WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower Representative), the other U.S. Borrowers party hereto, WESCO DISTRIBUTION CANADA LP, an Ontario limited partnership
(WDC), the other Canadian Borrowers party hereto (collectively with the Borrower Representative, the other U.S. Borrowers and WDC, the Borrowers), Holdings, the Lenders party hereto and BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as
administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent). 

W I T N E S S E T H 

WHEREAS, the Borrowers, certain other Loan Parties from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and BARCLAYS
BANK PLC, as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and as an Issuing Bank, are parties to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the Borrowers have
requested that certain provisions of the Credit Agreement be amended as provided for herein; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.02 of
the Credit Agreement, the Borrowers and the Lenders party hereto (constituting all the Lenders (determined immediately prior to giving effect to this Amendment), each such Lender, a Consenting Lender) agree to amend the Credit
Agreement as set forth herein and as attached hereto as Exhibit A (as so amended, the Amended Credit Agreement); and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows. 

SECTION ONE DEFINED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein
(including in the foregoing recitals hereto) but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Amended Credit Agreement. The provisions of Section 1.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by
reference herein, mutatis mutandis.

SECTION TWO AMENDMENTS. The Credit Agreement is, effective as of the
Seventh Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), hereby amended to: 

(a) delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same
manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in
the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text) as set forth in the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A; 

(b) replace the Loan Party Schedule in its entirety with the Loan Party Schedule attached as
Exhibit B; and 

(c) add a new Annex I, which is attached hereto as Exhibit C. 

SECTION THREE CONDITIONS. This Amendment and the agreements of the Consenting Lenders herein shall become effective on the date
(the Seventh Amendment Effective Date) when each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: 

(a)
Documents. Each of the Borrowers, Holdings and the Consenting Lenders shall have signed a counterpart hereof (whether the same or different counterparts) and each of the U.S. Loan Guarantors and the Canadian Loan Guarantors shall have signed
a counterpart (whether the same or different counterparts) to a reaffirmation, in form and substance consistent with the one delivered on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, and, in each case, shall have delivered (including by way of facsimile or
other electronic transmission) the same to the Administrative Agent (or its counsel). 

(b) Officers Certificate. The
Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, signed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative, on behalf of the Borrowers, certifying that before and after giving effect to this Amendment, (i) the representations and
warranties contained in Article III of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that are
already qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof or except to the extent such representation or warranty relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as
of such earlier date), and (ii) no Default exists. 

(c) Legal Opinions. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have
received written opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement as of the date hereof in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(d) Closing Certificates; Certified Certificate of Incorporation; Good Standing Certificates. The Administrative Agent shall have
received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and executed by its Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other applicable officer of such Loan Party, which shall (A) certify the resolutions of
its Board of Directors, members or other body authorizing the transactions contemplated by this Amendment and, if applicable, the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party,
(B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the Officers and any other officers of such Loan Party authorized to sign this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (C) certify that there have been no
changes to such Loan Partys by-laws or operating, management or partnership agreement (or other equivalent governing documents) since the date such governing document was delivered to the Administrative Agent and certified by a duly appointed,
qualified and acting officer of such Loan Party (or, alternatively, include as attachments thereto true and correct copies thereof), (ii) the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization (or other equivalent formation documents), to
the extent applicable, for each Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization and (iii) a good standing certificate, to the extent applicable, for each Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization. 

2 

(e) Fees and Expenses. The Administrative Agent shall have received, for its own
account, payment for all reasonable expenses for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date. 

(f) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties set forth in Section Four hereof shall be true and correct. 

(g) Solvency. The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate from a Financial Officer of the Borrower
Representative in form and substance consistent with the one delivered on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date. 

(h) USA PATRIOT Act,
Etc. (i) Each Consenting Lender shall have received all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including
the USA PATRIOT Act or the Proceeds of Crime Act, for each Loan Party, to the extent requested in a written notice to the Borrower Representative at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, and (ii) to
the extent any Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, any Consenting Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower Representative at least three (3) Business Days
prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to each Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Consenting
Lender of its signature page to this Amendment, the condition set forth in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 

SECTION FOUR REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; NO DEFAULTS. In order to induce the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each of
the Borrowers represents and warrants, on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, to each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that: 

(a) this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement each constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Borrower, enforceable against
such Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles
(whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law) and the implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing; 

(b) all of
the representations and warranties contained in Article III of the Amended Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date as if made on and as of such date
(unless such representation or warranty relates to a specific date, in which case such representation or warranty were true and correct in all material respects as of such specific date; provided, that any representation and warranty that is
qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates); and 

3 

(c) no Default or Event of Default exists as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date
immediately prior to and after giving effect to this Amendment. 

SECTION FIVE SECURITY. Each Borrower acknowledges that
notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Amendment, (i) all other Loan Documents shall continue to be in full force and effect, (ii) the security interests granted by the Loan Parties pursuant to the Loan Documents are not impaired or
affected and (iii) all guarantees made by the Loan Parties pursuant to the Loan Documents and all Liens granted by the Loan Parties as security for the Obligations continue in full force and effect; and, further, confirms and ratifies its
obligations under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, as amended hereby. 

SECTION SIX NEW BORROWER JOINDER.
Upon entry into this Amendment, Anixter Inc., a Delaware corporation (the New Borrower), hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that the New Borrower will be deemed to be a U.S. Borrower for all purposes of the Credit Agreement
and shall have all of the rights, duties, benefits and obligations a U.S. Borrower thereunder as if it had executed the Credit Agreement. The New Borrower hereby ratifies, as of the date hereof, and agrees to be bound by, all of the terms,
provisions and conditions contained in the Credit Agreement, including without limitation (a) all of the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in Article III of the Credit Agreement, and (b) all of the covenants set
forth in Articles V and VI of the Credit Agreement. 

SECTION SEVEN SEVERABILITY. Any provision of this Amendment which is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability
in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

SECTION EIGHT 
CONTINUING EFFECT; NO OTHER WAIVERS OR AMENDMENTS. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not (i) constitute a substitution or novation, or a payment and reborrowing, or a termination, of the Obligations outstanding
under the Amended Credit Agreement or instruments guaranteeing or securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except as modified hereby or (ii) by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, or otherwise
affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the Loan Parties under the Amended Credit Agreement, the Collateral Documents or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the
terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Amended Credit Agreement, the Collateral Documents or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and
effect. Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle any Loan Party to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Amended Credit Agreement,
any Collateral Document or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. After the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, any reference in any Loan Document to the Credit Agreement shall mean the Amended Credit Agreement.
This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

4 

SECTION NINE COUNTERPARTS. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of
the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by
telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be deemed to include
Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any
other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

SECTION TEN GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT AND
THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. The provisions of Sections 9.09 and 9.10 of the Credit Agreement are hereby
incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed and
delivered as of the date first above written. 

U.S. BORROWERS:

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC.,

a
Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer

ATLANTA ELECTRICAL DISTRIBUTORS, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

CALVERT WIRE & CABLE CORPORATION,

a Delaware corporation

CARLTON-BATES COMPANY,

an Arkansas
corporation

COMMUNICATIONS SUPPLY CORPORATION,

a Connecticut corporation

CONNEY SAFETY PRODUCTS, LLC,

a
Delaware limited liability company

HI-LINE UTILITY SUPPLY COMPANY, LLC,

an Illinois limited liability company

TVC COMMUNICATIONS, L.L.C.,

a
Delaware limited liability company

WESCO EQUITY CORPORATION,

a
Delaware corporation

WESCO NEVADA, LTD.,

a Nevada
corporation

By: 

/s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Treasurer

HILL COUNTRY ELECTRIC SUPPLY, L.P., a Texas limited partnership

By: TVC INTERNATIONAL HOLDING, L.L.C.,

its General Partner

By: 

/s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

HOLDINGS:

WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC.,

a
Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer

NEW BORROWER:

ANIXTER INC.,

a Delaware
corporation

By: 

/s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

CANADIAN BORROWERS:

WESCO DISTRIBUTION CANADA LP

By: WESCO CANADA GP INC.,

its General Partner

By: 

/s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Treasurer

EECOL ELECTRIC CORP.

HAZMASTERS INC.

ANIXTER CANADA INC.

ANIXTER POWER SOLUTIONS CANADA INC.

XPRESSCONNECT SUPPLY CANADA, LTD.

By: 

/s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Treasurer

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, U.S. LENDER AND CANADIAN LENDER:

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, individually, as a U.S. Lender, as a Canadian Lender and as the Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ Joseph Jordan

Name: Joseph Jordan

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.,

as a
U.S. Lender, Canadian Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Michael King

Name: Michael King

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as a U.S. Lender,
Canadian Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Allister Chan

Name: Allister Chan

Title: Vice President & Director

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as
a U.S. Lender, Canadian Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ William Patton

Name: William Patton

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as a U.S.
Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Patrick Cornell

Name: Patrick Cornell

Title: SVP

LENDER:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

(acting through its Canadian Branch)

as a Canadian Lender

By: 

/s/ Tanu Malik

Name: Tanu Malik

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.,

as a U.S.
Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Carolyn Weinschenk

Name: Carolyn Weinschenk

Title: Vice President

LENDER:

WELLS FARGO CAPITAL FINANCE CORPORATION CANADA,

as a Canadian Lender

By: 

/s/ Carmela Massari

Name: Carmela Massari

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

TD BANK, N.A.,

as a U.S. Lender,
Canadian Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Antimo Barbieri

Name: Antimo Barbieri

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as
a U.S. Lender, Canadian Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ David B. Keith

Name: David B. Keith

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a U.S. Lender, Canadian Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Stephen Santini

Name: Stephen Santini

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,

as a U.S.
Lender, Canadian Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Jonathan Dworkin

Name: Jonathan Dworkin

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a U.S. Lender, Canadian Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Susan Rich

Name: Susan Rich

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

CITIZENS BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a U.S. Lender, Canadian Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ James Horn

Name: James Horn

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK BRANCH

as a U.S. Lender, Canadian Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Kelly Petit de Mange

Name: Kelly Petit de Mange

Title: Executive Director, Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

LENDER:

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

as a U.S.
Lender, Canadian Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Kelly Cheng

Name: Kelly Cheng

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Seventh Amendment] 

Exhibit A 

Amended Credit Agreement 

[see attached.] 

Execution Version

Exhibit A to SixthSeventh Amendment 

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of 

June 22, 2020

as amended by the First Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, 

dated as of December 14, 2020, 

as amended by the Second Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, 

dated as of March 1, 2022, 

as amended by the Third Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, 

dated as of August 2, 2022, 

as amended by the Fourth Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, 

dated as of October 31, 2022, 

as amended by the Fifth Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, 

dated as of April 14, 2023, and

as amended by the Sixth Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, 

dated as of March 6,
2024, and

as amended by the Seventh
Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, 

dated as of
February 28, 2025, 

among 

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC., 

the
other U.S. Borrowers party hereto, 

WESCO DISTRIBUTION CANADA LP, 

the other Canadian Borrowers party hereto, 

the Other Loan Parties Party Hereto, 

the Lenders Party Hereto and 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 

as
Administrative Agent 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, NEW YORK BRANCH 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

PNC
CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 

TD BANK, N.A. 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

as
Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 1 

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms 1 

SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 56 

SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally 5456 

SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP 56 

SECTION 1.05 Currency Matters 5557 

SECTION 1.06 Rates 57 

SECTION 1.07 Pro Forma Adjustments for Investments and Dispositions 5658 

SECTION 1.08 Limited Condition Transactions 58 

ARTICLE II. THE CREDITS 5759 

SECTION 2.01 Revolving Commitments 5759 

SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings 59 

SECTION 2.03 Requests for Revolving Borrowings 60 

SECTION 2.04 Protective Advances 5961 

SECTION 2.05 Swingline Loans and Overadvances 6062 

SECTION 2.06 Letters of Credit 64 

SECTION 2.07 Funding of Borrowings 69 

SECTION 2.08 Interest Elections 6870 

SECTION 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Revolving Commitments 71 

SECTION 2.10 Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt 7173 

SECTION 2.11 Prepayment of Loans 7274 

SECTION 2.12 Fees 7375 

SECTION 2.13 Interest 75 

SECTION 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest; Illegality 76 

SECTION 2.15 Increased Costs 79 

SECTION 2.16 Break Funding Payments 80 

SECTION 2.17 Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up 7880 

SECTION 2.18 Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Set-offs 83 

SECTION 2.19 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 85 

SECTION 2.20 Defaulting Lenders 8486 

SECTION 2.21 Returned Payments 87 

SECTION 2.22 Banking Services and Swap Agreements 88 

SECTION 2.23 Excess Resulting From Exchange Rate Change 8688 

ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8789 

SECTION 3.01 Organization; Powers 8789 

SECTION 3.02 Authorization; Enforceability 8789 

SECTION 3.03 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 8789 

SECTION 3.04 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect 89 

SECTION 3.05 Properties 89 

SECTION 3.06 Litigation and Environmental Matters 8890 

SECTION 3.07 Compliance with Laws and Agreements 8890 

SECTION 3.08 Investment Company Status 90 

SECTION 3.09 Taxes 90 

SECTION 3.10 ERISA; Canadian Pension Plans 91 

SECTION 3.11 Disclosure 91 

SECTION 3.12 [Reserved] 91 

SECTION 3.13 Solvency 91 

SECTION 3.14 Insurance 92 

SECTION 3.15 Capitalization and Subsidiaries 92 

SECTION 3.16 Security Interest in Collateral 92 

i 

SECTION 3.17 Employment Matters 9193 

SECTION 3.18 [Reserved] 9193 

SECTION 3.19 Other Indebtedness 9193 

SECTION 3.20 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; USA PATRIOT ACT 9193 

SECTION 3.21 Affected Financial Institutions 94 

SECTION 3.22 Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions 94 

SECTION 3.23 Margin Regulations 9294 

SECTION 3.24 Outbound Investment Rules 94 

ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS 9294 

SECTION 4.01 Fourth Restatement Date 9294 

SECTION 4.02 Each Credit Event 9597 

ARTICLE V. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 97 

SECTION 5.01 Financial Statements; Canadian Borrowing Base; U.S. Borrowing Base and Other Information 98 

SECTION 5.02 Notices of Material Events 100 

SECTION 5.03 Existence; Conduct of Business 102 

SECTION 5.04 Payment of Obligations 100102 

SECTION 5.05 Maintenance of Properties 100102 

SECTION 5.06 Books and Records; Inspection Rights 100102 

SECTION 5.07 Compliance with Laws 102 

SECTION 5.08 Use of Proceeds 103 

SECTION 5.09 Insurance 101103 

SECTION 5.10 Casualty and Condemnation 103 

SECTION 5.11 Appraisals; Field Examinations 104 

SECTION 5.12 Depository Banks; Control Agreements 102104 

SECTION 5.13 Additional Collateral; Further Assurances 103105 

SECTION 5.14 Covenants Regarding Accounts 105107 

SECTION 5.15 Post-Closing Covenants 105107 

ARTICLE VI. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 107 

SECTION 6.01 Indebtedness 107 

SECTION 6.02 Liens 109111 

SECTION 6.03 Fundamental Changes 111113 

SECTION 6.04 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 114 

SECTION 6.05 Asset Sales 114116 

SECTION 6.06 Sale and Leaseback Transactions 118 

SECTION 6.07 Swap Agreements 118 

SECTION 6.08 Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness 116118 

SECTION 6.09 Transactions with Affiliates 120 

SECTION 6.10 Restrictive Agreements 118120 

SECTION 6.11 Amendment of Material Documents 121 

SECTION 6.12 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 119121 

SECTION 6.13 Designation of Subsidiaries 119121 

SECTION 6.14 Canadian Defined Benefit Plans 122 

ARTICLE VII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 120122 

ARTICLE VIII. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 125 

ARTICLE IX. MISCELLANEOUS 129 

SECTION 9.01 Notices 129 

SECTION 9.02 Waivers; Amendments 132 

SECTION 9.03 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 133 

SECTION 9.04 Successors and Assigns 133135 

SECTION 9.05 Survival 138 

SECTION 9.06 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 136138 

ii 

SECTION 9.07 Severability 138 

SECTION 9.08 Right of Setoff 139 

SECTION 9.09 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 139 

SECTION 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 140 

SECTION 9.11 Headings 140 

SECTION 9.12 Confidentiality 140 

SECTION 9.13 Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law 141 

SECTION 9.14 USA PATRIOT Act; Beneficial Ownership Regulation 141 

SECTION 9.15 Disclosure 139141 

SECTION 9.16 Appointment for Perfection 139141 

SECTION 9.17 Interest Rate Limitation 139141 

SECTION 9.18 Judgment Currency Conversion 139141 

SECTION 9.19 Canadian Anti-Money Laundering Legislation 140142 

SECTION 9.20 Lender Loss Sharing Agreement 140142 

SECTION 9.21 Restatement 144 

SECTION 9.22 Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement 142144 

SECTION 9.23 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 145 

SECTION 9.24 Certain ERISA Matters 145 

SECTION 9.25 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 146 

SECTION 9.26 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 144146 

ARTICLE X. [RESERVED.] 145147 

ARTICLE XI. THE BORROWER REPRESENTATIVE 145147 

SECTION 11.01 Appointment; Nature of Relationship 145147 

SECTION 11.02 Powers 145147 

SECTION 11.03 Employment of Agents 145147 

SECTION 11.04 Notices 145147 

SECTION 11.05 Successor Borrower Representative 145147 

SECTION 11.06 Execution of Loan Documents; Borrowing Base Certificate 145148 

SECTION 11.07 Reporting 148 

ARTICLE XII. LIMITATIONS ON OBLIGATIONS OF CANADIAN LOAN PARTIES 146148 

SECTION 12.01 Limitations 146148 

iii 

SCHEDULES: 

Revolving Commitment Schedule 

Loan Party Schedule 

Schedule 2.06 Existing Letters of Credit 

Schedule 3.05
Owned and Leased Properties 

Schedule 3.06 Disclosed Matters 

Schedule 3.10 Canadian Pension Plans 

Schedule 3.14 
Insurance 

Schedule 3.15 Capitalization and Subsidiaries 

Schedule 4.01 Fourth Restatement Date Collateral Access Agreements 

Schedule 5.15 Post-Closing Covenants 

Schedule 6.01 
Existing Indebtedness 

Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens 

Schedule 6.10 Existing Restrictions 

EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Base Certificate

Exhibit C Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit C-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit C-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit C-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit C-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit D Form of Joinder Agreement

Exhibit E Form of Pledge and Security Agreement (U.S. Loan Parties)

Exhibit F-1 Form of Canadian Guarantee

Exhibit F-2 Form of Canadian Cross-Border Guarantee

Exhibit G-1 Form of Canadian Pledge and Security Agreement

Exhibit G-2 Form of Canadian Cross-Border Pledge and Security Agreement

Exhibit H Form of Note

Exhibit I Form of Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement

Exhibit J Form of Borrowing Request

Exhibit K Form of Prepayment Notice

ANNEX: 

Annex I Existing PNC Letter of Credit

iv 

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 22, 2020 (as it may be
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, this Agreement), among WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC., a Delaware corporation, the other U.S. Borrowers party hereto, WESCO DISTRIBUTION CANADA LP, an
Ontario limited partnership (WDC), the other
Canadian Borrowers party hereto, the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Administrative Agent. 

WHEREAS, the Loan Parties are parties to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 26, 2019 among WESCO
Distribution, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, the other U.S. Borrowers party thereto, WESCO Distribution Canada LP, as Canadian Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto (the Existing Lenders), JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A., as U.S. administrative agent (in such capacity, the Existing U.S. Administrative Agent), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian administrative agent (in such capacity, the Existing
Canadian Administrative Agent; together with the U.S. Administrative Agent, the Existing Administrative Agents), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the Fourth Restatement Date (the Existing
Credit Agreement), pursuant to which the Existing Lenders agreed to make certain loans and provide certain other credit accommodations to the borrowers thereunder from time to time; and 

WHEREAS, the Loan Parties have requested that the Existing Lenders agree to further amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its
entirety to, among other things make certain modifications to the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement; 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is amended and restated in its
entirety by this Agreement and hereby further agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I. Definitions

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 

2021 Additional Revolving Commitments Availability Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment. 

2025 Senior Notes Indenture means that certain Indenture dated as of June 12, 2020 among
WESCO Distribution, Inc. as issuer, Holdings as parent guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including any supplemental indenture executed or delivered in connection therewith, as the same may be amended, restated, modified,
waived, or supplemented from time to time.

20252028 Senior Notes means the
7.1257.250% Senior Notes due 20252028 issued by WESCO Distribution, Inc.
pursuant to the 20252028 Senior
Notes Indenture. 

2028 Senior Notes Indenture means that certain Indenture dated as of June 12, 2020 among WESCO
Distribution, Inc. as issuer, Holdings as parent guarantor,
and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including any supplemental indenture executed or delivered in connection therewith, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, waived, or supplemented from time to time. 

2029 / 2032 Senior
Notes Indenture means that certain Indenture dated as of March 7, 2024, among WESCO Distribution, Inc. as issuer, Holdings as parent guarantor, Anixter Inc. as subsidiary guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as
trustee, including any supplemental indenture executed or delivered in connection therewith, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, waived, or supplemented from time to time.

2029 Senior
Notes means the 6.375% Senior Notes due 2029 issued by WESCO Distribution, Inc. pursuant to the 2029 / 2032 Senior Notes Indenture.

1 

2032 Senior
Notes means the 6.625% Senior Notes due 2032 issued by WESCO Distribution, Inc. pursuant to the 2029 / 2032 Senior Notes Indenture.

2033 Senior Notes
Indenture means that certain Indenture, to be dated on or about March 6, 2025, among WESCO Distribution, Inc. as issuer, Holdings as parent guarantor, Anixter Inc. as subsidiary guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as trustee, including any supplemental indenture executed or delivered in connection therewith, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, waived, or supplemented from time to time.

20282033 Senior Notes means the
7.2506.375% Senior Notes due 20282033 issued by WESCO Distribution, Inc.
pursuant to the 20282033 Senior
Notes Indenture. 

ABL Priority Collateral means all Collateral consisting of the following: 

(a) all Accounts; 

(b) all
Inventory; 

(c) all Equity Interests in WESCO Receivables Corp.; 

(d) all WESCO Receivables Intercompany Loans and all WESCO Receivables Intercompany Notes; 

(e) all cash and cash equivalents, other than specifically identifiable proceeds from the sale or disposition of Term Loan Priority
Collateral; 

(f) all Deposit Accounts (including all bank accounts with a depositary function), Lock Boxes, Securities Accounts, Security
Entitlements and Securities credited to a Securities Account, Commodity Accounts and Commodity Contracts, and, in each case, all cash, cash equivalents, checks and other property held therein or credited thereto, other than (x) Equity Interests
of a Loan Party held by another Loan Party, and (y) specifically identifiable proceeds from the sale or disposition of Term Loan Priority Collateral; 

(g) all Assigned Contracts that specifically relate to Accounts, Inventory or other ABL Priority Collateral; 

(h) all Commercial Tort Claims; provided that to the extent any Commercial Tort Claim specifically relates to the ownership, use,
lease, purchase or sale of Equipment, Fixtures, Intellectual Property, Real Property or other Term Loan Priority Collateral, the ABL Priority Collateral shall not include such Commercial Tort Claim; 

(i) all policies of insurance relating to or insuring against loss or damage to any of the items referred to in the preceding clauses
(a) through (h) that constitute ABL Priority Collateral or against any disruption in, or cessation of, the business of any Loan Party, and all proceeds paid in respect of any such insurance policies, including, without limitation, any right to
any return of any premiums paid in respect thereof; provided that to the extent any such insurance policy also relates to or insures against loss or damage to Term Loan Priority Collateral or the use thereof, the ABL Priority Collateral shall
not include the portion of any proceeds paid pursuant to such policy that specifically relate to the loss of, or damage to, Term Loan Priority Collateral; 

(j) all Investment Property, Chattel Paper, Documents, Instruments and General Intangibles (other than Intellectual Property) relating to any
of the items referred to in the preceding clauses (a) through (i); provided that to the extent any Investment Property, Chattel Paper, Document, Instrument or General Intangible relates exclusively to Term Loan Priority Collateral, the
ABL Priority Collateral shall not include such Chattel Paper, Document, Instrument or General Intangible; 

(k) all books and Records
relating to any of the items referred to in the preceding clauses (a) through (j) (including without limitation all books, databases, customer lists and Records, whether tangible or electronic which contain any information relating to any such
items); and 

2 

(l) all Proceeds of, and Supporting Obligations, including, without limitation,
Letter-of-Credit Rights, with respect to, any of the items referred to in the preceding clauses (a) through (k) and all collateral security and guarantees given by any Person with respect to any of the foregoing. 

ABR, when used in reference to (a) a rate of interest, refers to the Alternate Base Rate, and (b) any Loan or
Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 

Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement. 

Account Debtor means any Person obligated on an Account. 

Acquisition means any transaction, or any series of related transactions (other than the Anixter Acquisition), consummated
on or after the Fourth Restatement Date, by which any Borrower or Loan Guarantor (i) acquires any going business or all or substantially all of the assets of any firm, corporation or limited liability company, or division thereof, whether
through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or (ii) acquires all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any other Person, in each case, other than transactions solely among a Loan Party and a Subsidiary. 

Adjusted Daily Compounded CORRA means, for any day, (a) Daily Compounded CORRA for such day plus (b) the
Daily Compounded CORRA Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Daily Compounded CORRA determined as provided above shall ever be less than zero, then Adjusted Daily Compounded CORRA shall be deemed to be zero. 

Adjusted Term CORRA means, for any day, (a) Term CORRA for such day plus (b) the Term CORRA Adjustment;
provided that if Adjusted Term CORRA determined as provided above shall ever be less than zero, then Adjusted TermzeTerm CORRA shall be deemed to be zero. 

Administrative Agent means Barclays, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the specified Person. 

Affiliate Subordination
Agreement means the Affiliate Subordination Agreement dated as of the Fourth Restatement Date among the Loan Parties party thereto and the Administrative Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time. 

Agency Transfer Agreement means that certain Resignation and Appointment Agreement dated as of
June 19, 2020 by and among the Existing Administrative Agents, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, which sets forth the terms on which the resignation of the Existing Administrative Agents and the appointment of the Administrative Agent
as the successor agent shall occur on the Effective Date (as defined therein). 

Aggregate Availability means, at any
time, an amount equal to (a) the lower of (i) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and (ii) the Aggregate Borrowing Base minus (b) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure (calculated with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if
such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings); provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Aggregate Availability on the Fourth Restatement Date shall not be less than
$300,000,000. 

3 

Aggregate Availability Trigger Amount means, at any time, the greater of
(i) $138,000,000 and (ii) ten percent (10%) of the lesser at such time of (A) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and (B) the Aggregate Borrowing Base. 

Aggregate Borrowing Base means the aggregate amount of the U.S. Borrowing Base and the Canadian Borrowing Base;
provided that the maximum amount of the Canadian Borrowing Base which may be included in the Aggregate Borrowing Base is the Canadian Sublimit. 

Aggregate Credit Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate Credit Exposure of the Lenders at such time. 

Aggregate Revolving Commitments means, at any time, the aggregate Revolving Commitments of the Lenders at such time. 

Aggregate Revolving Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate Revolving Exposure of the Lenders at such time. 

Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds
Effective Rate (which, if negative, shall be deemed to be 0%) on such day plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the Prime Rate on such day and (c) Term SOFR published on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day the immediately preceding Business Day)
for an Interest Period of one month plus 1.00%. If the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that it is unable to ascertain the Federal Funds Effective Rate for any reason,
the Alternate Base Rate shall be determined without regard to clause (a) above until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section
2.14 hereof (for the avoidance of doubt, only until any amendment or other automatic modification implementing a Benchmark has become effective pursuant to Section 2.14(d)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses
(a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be
1.00% for purposes of this Agreement. 

AML Legislation has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19. 

Anixter means Anixter International Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Anixter Acquisition means the acquisition by Holdings, through a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings, of Anixter and its
subsidiaries pursuant to the Anixter Acquisition Agreement. 

Anixter Acquisition Agreement means that certain Agreement
and Plan of Merger by and among Holdings, Warrior Merger Sub, Inc. and Anixter International Inc., dated as of January 10, 2020. 

Anixter Acquisition Agreement Representations means the representations and warranties made by or with respect to Anixter
in the Anixter Acquisition Agreement that are material to the interests of the Lenders (but only to the extent that Holdings or its subsidiaries that are a party to the Anixter Acquisition Agreement have the right to terminate its and their
obligations under the Anixter Acquisition Agreement (or to decline to consummate the Acquisition) as a result of the breach of such representations in the Anixter Acquisition Agreement). 

Anixter Loan Parties means, collectively, Anixter and any of its Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties. 

Anixter Merger means the merger of Anixter with and into Anixter Inc. on or about the Fourth Restatement Date, with Anixter
Inc. surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Borrower Representative. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all
laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is subject from time to time concerning or relating to bribery, corruption or
money laundering, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder
and the UK Bribery Act 2010. 

4 

Applicable Commitment Fee Rate means (i) 0.20% per annum when
Average Utilization is greater than 50% and (ii) 0.25% per annum otherwise. 

Applicable Percentage means
(a) in the case of any Lender, with respect to Revolving Loans, LC Exposure, Swingline Loans, or Overadvances, the percentage of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments equal to such Lenders Revolving Commitment (or, if the Revolving
Commitments have terminated or expired, such Lenders share of the Aggregate Revolving Exposure at that time), (b) in the case of any U.S. Lender, with respect to U.S. Revolving Loans, U.S. LC Exposure, U.S. Swingline Loans, or U.S.
Overadvances, a percentage of the aggregate U.S. Commitments equal to such U.S. Lenders U.S. Commitment (or, if the U.S. Commitments have terminated or expired, such U.S. Lenders share of the aggregate U.S. Revolving Exposure at that
time) and (c) in the case of any Canadian Lender, with respect to Canadian Revolving Loans, Canadian LC Exposure, Canadian Swingline Loans, or Canadian Overadvances, a percentage of the total Canadian Commitments equal to such Canadian
Lenders Canadian Commitment (or, if the Canadian Commitments have terminated or expired, such Canadian Lenders share of the aggregate Canadian Revolving Exposure at that time); provided that in the case of Section 2.20 when a
Defaulting Lender shall exist, any such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitment (or U.S. Commitment or Canadian Commitment, as applicable) shall be disregarded in any of such calculations. 

Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any SOFR Loan, Canadian CORRA Loan, ABR Loan, Canadian Prime Rate Loan
or LC Disbursement bearing interest at the Alternate Base Rate, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption SOFR Spread and CORRA Spread or ABR Spread and Canadian Prime Rate Spread, as
the case may be, based upon Average Quarterly Availability during the most recently completed fiscal quarter of Holdings; provided that until and including the last day of the Borrowers first full fiscal quarter ending after the SecondSeventh Amendment Effective Date, the
Applicable Rate shall be the applicable spreads set forth below for Category
21: 

Category 

Average Quarterly Availability SOFR Spread and CORRA

Spread ABR Spread and

Canadian Prime

Rate Spread 

Category 1 

>66.67% of the Aggregate

Revolving Commitments 1.00 % 0.00 %

Category 
21 

<66.67% and
>33.3340% of the

Aggregate Revolving

Commitments 1.25 % 0.25 % 

Category 
32 

<33.3340% of the Aggregate

Revolving Commitments 1.50 % 0.50 % 

For purposes of the foregoing, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent as of the end of each
fiscal quarter of Holdings based upon the Borrowing Base Certificates that are delivered from time to time pursuant to Section 5.01(f) during such fiscal quarter, with any changes to the Applicable Rate resulting from changes in the Average
Quarterly Availability to be effective on the fifth Business Day after the end of each fiscal quarter; provided that at the request of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, the Applicable Rate shall be the applicable spreads set
forth above for Category 32:
(A) at any time that any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (other than an Event of Default arising from the failure to deliver any Borrowing Base Certificate) or (B) if the Borrowers fail to deliver any Borrowing Base
Certificate that is required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(f), during the period from the expiration of the time for delivery thereof until five Business Days after such Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered; provided further
that, if any Borrowing Base Certificate is at any time restated or otherwise revised or if the information set forth in any Borrowing Base Certificate otherwise proves to be false or incorrect such that the Applicable Rate would have been higher
than was otherwise in effect during any period, without constituting a waiver of any Default or Event of Default arising as a result thereof, interest due under this Agreement shall be immediately recalculated at such higher rate for any such
applicable periods and shall be due and payable on demand. 

Applicable SOFR Adjustment means, for any calculation with
respect to a SOFR Loan, 0.100.00%.

5 

Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 

Assigned Contracts means, with respect to any Loan Party, collectively, all of such Loan Partys rights and remedies
under, and all moneys and claims for money due or to become due to such Loan Party under, contracts and other agreements relating to the purchase and sale of Inventory and other Goods or the rendition of services, and all Accounts related thereto,
between such Loan Party and any party other than the Secured Parties, and any and all amendments, supplements, extensions, and renewals thereof, including all rights and claims of any such Loan Party now or hereafter existing: (a) under any
insurance, indemnities, warranties, and guarantees provided for or arising out of or in connection with any of the foregoing agreements; (b) for any damages arising out of or for breach or default under or in connection with any of the
foregoing contracts; (c) to all other amounts from time to time paid or payable under or in connection with any of the foregoing agreements; or (d) to exercise or enforce any and all covenants, remedies, powers and privileges thereunder.

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the
consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Availability Period means the period from and including the Fourth Restatement Date to but excluding the earlier of the
Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments. 

Available Revolving Commitment means, at any
time, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments then in effect minus the Aggregate Revolving Exposure at such time (calculated with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all
outstanding Borrowings). 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current
Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any
payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such
date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.14(d). 

Average Quarterly Availability means, for any fiscal quarter, the average daily Aggregate Availability for such fiscal
quarter. Average Quarterly Availability shall be calculated by the Borrower Representative in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 

Average Utilization means, for any period, the average total daily Revolving Exposure of all Lenders during such period.
Average Utilization shall be calculated by the Borrower Representative in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect
of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA
Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described
in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to
the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to any Loan Party by any Lender or any
Affiliate of a Lender (or any Person that was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender at the time the service was initially provided, or in the case of any services in effect on the Fourth Restatement Date, was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender as
of such date): (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, 

6 

commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) credit cards issued to employees of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for travel, entertainment and
similar expenses, (d) supply chain finance arrangements, and (e) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, overdrafts and interstate depository
network services). 

Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties, whether absolute or
contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services. 

Banking Services Reserves means all Reserves which the Administrative Agent from time to time establishes in its Permitted
Discretion for Banking Services then provided or outstanding. 

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such
Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or proposal, or has had a receiver, interim receiver, receiver and manager, monitor, sequestrator, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of
creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business, appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval
of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding, proposal or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental
Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided, further, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or Canada or from the enforcement of
judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality), to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

Barclays means Barclays Bank PLC and its successors. 

Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR.

Benchmark means, initially, with respect to Loans denominated in dollars, Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR;
provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior
benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.14(d).Benchmark Replacement means with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for
the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Benchmark other than Term SOFR, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in clause (b) below: 

(a) Daily Simple SOFR; or 

(b)
the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the
mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities
and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

provided, that if the Benchmark Replacement (as so determined and
after giving effect to any applicable spread adjustments) would be less than zero, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative
giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
by the Relevant 

7 

Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the
replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities. 

Benchmark
Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) in the case
of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of
such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks; provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or
non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or
(b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current
Benchmark: 

(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of
such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) a public statement
or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof)
announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions
(IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have
occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

8 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any)
(a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with
Section 2.14(d) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14(d). 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is
subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or
otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Blocking Regulations means blocking or anti-boycott laws or regulations, including, without
limitation, under section 7 of the German Foreign Trade Regulation (Auenwirtschaftsverordnung, AWV) (in conjunction with sections 4, 19 paragraph 3 no. 1a) of the German Foreign Trade Act
(Auenwirtschaftsgesetz) and section 81 paragraph 1 no. 1 AWV, the United Kingdom Extraterritorial US Legislation (Sanctions against Cuba, Iran and Libya) (Protection of Trading Interests) Order 1996, as amended (including pursuant to the
United Kingdom Extraterritorial US Legislation (Sanctions against Cuba, Iran and Libya) (Protection of Trading Interests) (Amendment) Order 2018),
and any provision of Council Regulation (EC)
2271/96 and any provision of Commission Delegated Regulation (EC)
No. 2018/1100, as amended. 

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Borrower or Borrowers means, individually or collectively, the U.S. Borrowers and the Canadian
Borrowers. 

Borrower Representative means WESCO Distribution, Inc., a Delaware corporation, in its capacity as
contractual representative of the Borrowers pursuant to Article XI. 

Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of
the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of SOFR Loans or Canadian CORRA Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, (b) a Swingline Loan, (c) a Protective Advance and (d) an
Overadvance. 

Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate, signed and certified as accurate and complete by a
Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative, in substantially the form of Exhibit B or another form which is acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion (it being understood that the Borrowing Base Certificate
delivered to Administrative Agent on the Fourth Restatement Date is acceptable to the Administrative Agent) setting forth the Aggregate Borrowing Base, the Canadian Borrowing Base and the U.S. Borrowing Base. 

Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower Representative for a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03
substantially in the form of Exhibit K attached hereto. 

Bridge Debt has the meaning assigned to such term
in Section 6.01(l). 

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks
in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that, (a) when used in connection with a SOFR Loan or any U.S. Letter of Credit denominated in a currency other than dollars, the term Business Day shall
also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in the applicable currency in the London interbank 

9 

market; (b) when used in connection with any Canadian Dollar Loan or Canadian Letter of Credit, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day in which commercial banks
in Toronto, Canada are authorized or required by law to remain closed; (c) in the case of any U.S. Letter of Credit denominated in Euros, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day which is not a TARGET Day as
determined by the Administrative Agent; and (d) when used in connection with any U.S. Letter of Credit denominated in Sterling, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which commercial banks in London, England are
authorized or required by law to remain closed. 

Canadian Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and
with respect to the then-current Canadian Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Canadian Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Canadian Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest
Period herein or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Canadian Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with
reference to such Canadian Benchmark. 

Canadian Availability means (a) the lesser of (i) the Revolving
Commitment, (ii) the Canadian Sublimit and (iii) the sum of (A) the Canadian Borrowing Base plus (B) solely to the extent the total Canadian Revolving Exposure exceeds the Canadian Borrowing Base, the U.S. Availability (if
any, to the extent that it is available), minus (b) the total Canadian Revolving Exposure (calculated with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding
Borrowings). 

Canadian Benchmark means, initially, with respect to Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, the Term
CORRA Reference Rate or Daily Compounded CORRA; provided that if a Canadian Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term CORRA Reference Rate, or the then-current Canadian Benchmark, then Canadian Benchmark means the
applicable Canadian Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Canadian Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. 

Canadian Benchmark Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the Canadian Benchmark Loans comprising such
Borrowing.

Canadian Benchmark Replacement means, with
respect to any Canadian Benchmark Transition Event, 

(a) where a Canadian Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to Term
CORRA Reference Rate, Daily Compounded CORRA, or 

(b) where a Canadian Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to a Canadian
Benchmark other than the Term CORRA Reference Rate, the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative giving due consideration to (A) any selection or
recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Canadian Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to
the then-current Canadian Benchmark for Canadian Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Canadian Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

If the Canadian Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above and after giving effect to any applicable
spread adjustments would be less than zero, the Canadian Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Canadian Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Canadian Benchmark
with an Unadjusted Canadian Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower Representative giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable
Unadjusted Canadian Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Canadian Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
for the replacement of such Canadian Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Canadian Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

10 

Canadian Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the
following events with respect to the then-current Canadian Benchmark: 

(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of
the definition of Canadian Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Canadian Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Canadian Available Tenors of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Canadian Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on
which such Canadian Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be
non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Canadian Available Tenor of such Canadian Benchmark (or such
component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be
deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Canadian Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Canadian Available Tenors of such
Canadian Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Canadian Benchmark Transition Event
means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Canadian Benchmark: 

(a) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Canadian
Available Tenors of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Canadian
Available Tenor of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) a public statement or publication of
information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Canadian Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Bank of Canada, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such
Canadian Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such
Canadian Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Canadian Available Tenors of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof)
permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Canadian Available Tenor of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Canadian
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Canadian Available Tenors of such Canadian Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Canadian Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Canadian
Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Canadian Available Tenor of such Canadian Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

11 

Canadian Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any)
(a) beginning at the time that a Canadian Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Canadian Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Canadian Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in
accordance with Section 2.14(d) and (b) ending at the time that a Canadian Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Canadian Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with
Section 2.14(d). 

Canadian Benchmark Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the Canadian Benchmark Loans
comprising such Borrowing.

Canadian Benefit Plans means any plan, fund, program, or policy, whether oral or written,
formal or informal, funded or unfunded, insured or uninsured, providing employee benefits, including medical, hospital care, dental, sickness, accident, disability, life insurance, pension, retirement or savings benefits, under which any Loan Party
or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party has any liability with respect to any Canadian employee or former Canadian employee, but excluding any Canadian Pension Plans.

Canadian Blocked Person means any Person that is a designated person, politically exposed foreign
person or terrorist group as described in any Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws. 

Canadian
Borrower or Canadian Borrowers means, individually or collectively as the context may require: (a) the entities listed on the Loan Party Schedule attached hereto under the heading Canadian
Borrowers, (b) any entity resulting from an amalgamation between any Person referred to in the foregoing clause (a) or this clause (b) and any other Person permitted by this Agreement, and (c) any Canadian Subsidiary of
Holdings that becomes a party to this Agreement as an additional borrower with the consent of the Administrative Agent after the Fourth Restatement Date pursuant to a Joinder Agreement in accordance with Section 5.13. 

Canadian Borrowing Base means, at any time, the sum of (a) 85% of the Eligible Accounts owing to the Canadian Loan
Parties (other than Intermediate Holding Companies) at such time, plus (b) the lesser of (i) 70% of the Canadian Loan Parties Eligible Inventory, valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined on a first-in-first-out
basis, at such time and (ii) the product of 90% multiplied by the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage identified in the most recent inventory appraisal ordered by the Administrative Agent multiplied by the Canadian Loan Parties
(other than Intermediate Holding Companies) Eligible Inventory (determined after taking into account adjustments made in such appraisal in the calculation of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage), valued at the lower of cost or market value,
determined on a first-in-first-out basis, at such time, minus (c) Reserves. 

Canadian Cash Management Bank
means (a) as of the Fourth Restatement Date, each of Toronto Dominion Bank and the Bank of Nova Scotia, in their respective capacities as the depositary banks for the Canadian Loan Parties, and (b) at any time after the Fourth Restatement
Date, any one or more of the Canadian Lenders selected by the Canadian Loan Parties, in consultation with the Administrative Agent, to become either a successor principal depository bank or an additional depository bank for the Canadian Loan
Parties; provided that, unless the Administrative Agent otherwise consents in writing, no Person shall become the successor Canadian Cash Management Bank unless and until such Person shall have entered into a Control
Agreement with the Canadian Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

Canadian Collection Account means the account at Barclays (or another commercial bank in the name of the Administrative
Agent and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, and otherwise established in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), so designated by the Administrative Agent, in a written notice delivered to the
Borrower Representative, to be the Canadian Collection Account, to which funds on deposit in Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) maintained by the Canadian Loan Parties with the Canadian Cash Management Bank and all
collections and other payments received in respect of the Accounts of the Canadian Loan Parties by the Canadian Cash Management Bank shall be remitted at all times during a Cash Dominion Period. 

Canadian Commitment means, with respect to each Canadian Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Canadian Lender to make
Canadian Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Canadian Letters of Credit, Canadian Overadvances and Canadian Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum 

12 

possible aggregate amount of such Canadian Lenders Canadian Revolving Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to
(a) Section 2.09 and (b) assignments by or to such Canadian Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Canadian Lenders Canadian Commitment is set forth on the Revolving Commitment Schedule, or in
the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Canadian Lender shall have assumed its Canadian Commitment, as applicable. The Canadian Commitment is a sub-facility of the Revolving Commitment and is not in addition to the Revolving Commitment.
As of the FourthSeventh Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate Canadian Commitments are $625,000,000. 

Canadian CORRA Loans means any Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars the rate of interest applicable to which is based on
Term CORRA or Daily Compounded CORRA, as applicable (including Adjusted Term CORRA and Adjusted Daily Compounded CORRA). 

Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors means, individually or collectively as the context may require: (a) the entities
listed on the Loan Party Schedule attached hereto under the heading Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors, and (b) any Canadian Subsidiary (other than any CFC Subsidiary or any subsidiary thereof) that after the Fourth
Restatement Date guarantees (or is required to guaranty) the payment of the Canadian Obligations and the U.S. Obligations pursuant to Section 5.13. 

Canadian Defined
Benefit Plan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.14.

Canadian Dollar Loan means
any Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars bearing interest at the Canadian Prime Rate, or any Canadian CORRA Loan. 

Canadian Dollarsor Cdn$means the lawful currency of Canada.

Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws means any Canadian laws, regulations or orders governing transactions
in controlled goods or technologies or dealings with countries, entities, organizations, or individuals subject to economic sanctions and similar measures, including the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada), the United Nations Act
(Canada), the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), Part II.1 of the Criminal Code (Canada) and the Export and Import Permits Act (Canada), and any related regulations. 

Canadian Guarantee means, individually and collectively as the context may require (a) the Fourth Amended and Restated
Canadian Guarantee Agreement dated as of the Fourth Restatement Date by the Canadian Loan Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties) in substantially the form of Exhibit F-1 attached
hereto, which Fourth Amended and Restated Canadian Guarantee amends and restates in its entirety the Second Amended and Restated Canadian Guarantee dated as of the Fourth Restatement Date by the Canadian Loan Guarantors party thereto in favor of the
Administrative Agent, (b) the Fourth Amended and Restated Canadian Cross-Border Guarantee Agreement dated as of the Fourth Restatement Date by the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of
the Lender Parties) in substantially the form of Exhibit F-2 attached hereto, which Fourth Amended and Restated Canadian Cross-Border Guarantee amends and restates in its entirety the Third Amended and Restated Canadian Cross-Border
Guarantee dated as of the Fourth Restatement Date by the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors party thereto in favor of the Administrative Agent and (c) any other Guarantee agreement entered into after the Fourth Restatement Date by any
Canadian Loan Party in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties or, in the case of any Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantor, the Lender Parties) and governed by the laws of Ontario pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, or any other Loan Document, including Section 5.13, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Canadian Hypothec means, individually and collectively as the context may require, (a) the Deed of Hypothec dated on
or about the Fourth Restatement Date by the Canadian Loan Parties party thereto in favor of the Administrative Agent, (b) any other deed of hypothec entered into after the Fourth Restatement Date by any Canadian Loan Party pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement, or any other Loan Document, including Section 5.13, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, and (c) any Deed of Hypothec or pledge agreement and related bond executed
in favor of the Existing Administrative Agent. 

13 

Canadian LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.06(k). 

Canadian LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the Commercial LC Exposure and the Standby
LC Exposure of the Canadian Borrowers. The Canadian LC Exposure of any Canadian Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total Canadian LC Exposure at such time. 

Canadian Lender Parties means, individually and collectively as the context may require, the Administrative Agent, the
Issuing Banks issuing Canadian Letters of Credit and the Canadian Lenders. 

Canadian Lenders means the Persons listed
on the Revolving Commitment Schedule as having a Canadian Commitment (provided that such Person or an Affiliate of such Person also has a U.S. Commitment) and any other Person that shall acquire a Canadian Commitment (provided
that at such time such Person or an Affiliate of such Person has, or is acquiring, a U.S. Commitment pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or becomes a lender pursuant to an Aggregate Commitment Increase in accordance with Section 2.09),
other than any such Person that ceases to be a Canadian Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Canadian Lenders includes the Swingline Lender in its capacity as a lender of
Canadian Swingline Loans. 

Canadian Letter of Credit means any Letter of Credit issued hereunder for the purpose of
providing credit support for the Canadian Borrowers or any Canadian Subsidiary. 

Canadian Loan Documents means,
individually and collectively as the context may require, the Canadian Guarantee, the Canadian Security Agreement, the Canadian Hypothec and all other agreements, instruments and certificates delivered by a Canadian Loan Party, from time to time in
connection therewith, in each case as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Canadian Loan
Guarantors means, individually or collectively as the context may require: (a) the entities listed on the Loan Party Schedule attached hereto under the heading Canadian Loan Guarantors, (b) each
Canadian Borrower (in respect of each other Canadian Borrowers obligations), (c) any Canadian Subsidiary or CFC Subsidiary Holding Company that, after the Fourth Restatement Date, guarantees the payment of the Canadian Obligations (but
not the U.S. Obligations) pursuant to Section 5.13 and (d) the successors and assigns of the Persons described in clauses (a) through (c) of this definition, including without limitation, any entity resulting from an amalgamation
between any such Person and any other Person to the extent permitted by this Agreement; provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, Canadian Loan Guarantors shall not include (i) WESCO Distribution III ULC or any of
its subsidiaries or (ii) any Dutch Subsidiary. 

Canadian Loan Parties means, individually and collectively as the
context may require, the Canadian Borrowers, the Canadian Loan Guarantors and the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors. 

Canadian Loans means, individually and collectively as the context may require, the Canadian Revolving Loans, the Canadian
Swingline Loans, the Canadian Overadvances and the Canadian Protective Advances. 

Canadian Obligations means all unpaid
principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Canadian Loans, all Canadian LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations of the Canadian Loan Parties to the Canadian Lenders or to
any Canadian Lender, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank with respect to Canadian Letters of Credit or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents; provided that (x) the obligations of the Canadian Cross-Border Loan
Guarantors (i) as guarantors of the U.S. Obligations and (ii) under the Canadian Security Agreement to the extent such obligations relate to the U.S. Obligations and (y) any obligations of CFC Subsidiary Holding Companies, shall not
constitute Canadian Obligations. 

Canadian Overadvance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(d).

Canadian Overnight Rate means the overnight interest rate per annum charged by the Bank of Canada to Canadian
chartered banks. 

14 

Canadian Pension Plans means each pension plan required to be registered
under Canadian federal or provincial law that is maintained or contributed to by a Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party for its Canadian employees or former Canadian employees, but does not include a Canadian Union Plan, the Canada Pension
Plan or the Quebec Pension Plan as maintained by the Government of Canada or the Province of Quebec, respectively. 

Canadian
Prime Rate means the per annum rate of interest established as the prime rate of Royal Bank of Canada which it quotes or establishes for such day as its reference rate of interest in order to determine interest rates for
commercial loans made by it in Canadian Dollars in Canada. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Canadian Prime Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00% for purposes of this Agreement.

Canadian Prime Rate Loan means a Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars the rate of interest applicable to which is
based on the Canadian Prime Rate. 

Canadian Protective Advance has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.04(a). 

Canadian Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Canadian Lender at any time, the sum of
(a) the outstanding principal amount of Canadian Revolving Loans of such Canadian Lender at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to such Canadian Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Canadian
Swingline Loans outstanding at such time, plus (c) an amount equal to the such Canadian Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Canadian LC Exposure outstanding at such time, plus (d) an amount equal to such
Canadian Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Canadian Overadvances outstanding at such time. 

Canadian Revolving Loan means a Revolving Loan made to the Canadian Borrowers. 

Canadian Secured Obligations means all Canadian Obligations, together with all (a) Banking Services Obligations of the
Canadian Loan Parties; and (b) Swap Agreement Obligations of the Canadian Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries owing to one or more Canadian Lenders or their respective Affiliates; provided that promptly after any transaction relating to
such Swap Obligation is executed, the Canadian Lender or Affiliate of a Canadian Lender party thereto (other than Barclays or its Affiliates) shall have delivered written notice to the Administrative Agent that such a transaction has been entered
into and that it constitutes a Canadian Secured Obligation entitled to the benefits of the Collateral Documents in favor of the Canadian Lender Parties. 

Canadian Security Agreement means, individually and collectively as the context may require, (a) the Fourth Amended
and Restated Canadian Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Restatement Date, of the Canadian Borrowers, the Canadian Loan Guarantors and Anixter Mid Holdings B.V. (solely in the case of Anixter Mid Holdings B.V., with respect to the
pledge of the Equity Interests of Anixter Canada Inc.), in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties) in substantially the form of Exhibit G-1 attached hereto, which Fourth Amended and Restated
Canadian Pledge and Security Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Third Amended and Restated Canadian Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of the Third Restatement Date among the Existing Canadian Administrative Agent and the Canadian
Loan Parties party thereto, (b) the Fourth Amended and Restated Canadian Cross-Border Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Restatement Date, of the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent (for
the benefit of the Lender Parties) in substantially the form of Exhibit G-2 attached hereto, which Fourth Amended and Restated Canadian Cross-Border Pledge and Security Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Third Amended and
Restated Canadian Cross-Border Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of the Third Restatement Date among the Existing Canadian Administrative Agent and the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors party thereto and (c) any other pledge, security
agreement or hypothec entered into, after the Fourth Restatement Date, by any Canadian Loan Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including Section 5.13, as the same may be amended, restated or otherwise
modified from time to time. 

Canadian Sublimit means $625,000,000, as such amount may be decreased pursuant to
Section 2.09(c) or increased pursuant to Section 2.09(g). 

15 

Canadian Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Holdings organized under the
laws of Canada or one of the provinces of Canada. 

Canadian Swingline Loan means a Loan made by the Swingline Lender
pursuant to Section 2.05(b). 

Canadian Union Plan means any registered pension plan for the benefit of Canadian
employees or former Canadian employees of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that is not maintained, sponsored or administered by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, but to which a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is required to
contribute pursuant to a collective agreement. 

Canadian U.S. Borrowing Base Utilization means, as of any date of
determination, the result (so long as it is a positive number) of (a) the total Canadian Revolving Exposure of the Canadian Lenders as of such date, minus (b) the Canadian Borrowing Base as of such date; if the result of the
foregoing is a negative number, then the Canadian U.S. Borrowing Base Utilization is zero. 

Capital Expenditures means,
without duplication, any expenditure for any purchase or other acquisition of any asset which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with
GAAP, but excluding in each case, any expenditure constituting the consideration paid (and transaction expenses incurred) in connection with any Permitted Acquisition. 

Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means, subject to Section 1.04(b), the obligations of such Person to pay rent
or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such
Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash Dominion Period means the period (a) commencing on the day that either (i) a Specified Event of Default
shall occur or (ii) Aggregate Availability shall fall below the Aggregate Availability Trigger Amount and (b) continuing until the date on which the Borrower Representative requests that the Cash Dominion Period cease, provided that
the Borrower Representative may only request a cessation of a Cash Dominion Period if at all times during the thirty (30) consecutive days prior to such request, no Specified Event of Default has existed and Aggregate Availability has exceeded
the Aggregate Availability Trigger Amount. 

Certain Funds Provisions has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 4.01. 

CFC Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary that constitutes a controlled foreign corporation within
the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. 

CFC Subsidiary Holding Company shall mean any Subsidiary (a) that is
engaged in no material business activities other than the holding of Equity Interests and other investments in one or more CFC Subsidiaries or other CFC Subsidiary Holding Companies or (b) that owns Equity Interests or other investments in one
or more CFC Subsidiaries or other CFC Subsidiary Holding Companies and is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Change in Control means (a) the acquisition (whether by stock purchase, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other
transaction) of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the
Fourth Restatement Date), of Equity Interests representing more than 35% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings; (b) other than pursuant to a transaction permitted under
Section 6.05, cessation of ownership (directly or indirectly) by Holdings of 100% of the outstanding voting Equity Interests of the other Loan Parties on a fully diluted basis; and (c) the occurrence of any change of control or
similar event under and as defined in any Permitted Term Loan Agreement. 

16 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Fourth Restatement Date, of
any of the following: (a) the adoption of any law, rule, regulation or treaty (including any rules or regulations issued under or implementing any existing law) after the Fourth Restatement Date, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation
or treaty or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Fourth Restatement Date or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of
such Lender or by such Lenders or the Issuing Banks holding company, if any) with any request, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Fourth
Restatement Date; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in
connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority)
or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

Class, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans, Protective Advances or Overadvances. 

Clean-Up Period means the period
from the Fourth Restatement Date until the date that is 90 days after the Fourth Restatement Date. 

Code means the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 

Collateral means any and all personal / movable property
owned, leased or operated by a Person expressly described as Collateral in the Collateral Documents and any and all other personal / movable property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that becomes subject, under the terms of the
Collateral Documents, to a security interest, hypothec or Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lender Parties (to secure the Secured Obligations) and the Canadian Lender Parties (to secure the Canadian Secured Obligations), as
the case may be. For clarification, Collateral does not include (a) interests in real property, Accounts sold under Receivables Securitization Agreements (including any Related Assets (as defined therein)) or Equity Interests in Excluded
Subsidiaries or Unrestricted Subsidiaries, (b) any Excluded Collateral, Excluded Debt Security or Excluded Equity Interests (each, as defined in the U.S. Security Agreement), or (c) with respect to any U.S. Secured Obligation, (i) the
assets of any CFC Subsidiary or (ii) more than 65% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of any CFC Subsidiary or CFC Subsidiary Holding Company entitled to vote (within the meaning of United States Treasury Regulations
Section 1.956-2(c)(2)). 

Collateral Access Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security
Agreement. 

Collateral Documents means, individually and collectively as the context may require, the Canadian Security
Agreement, the Canadian Hypothec, the U.S. Security Agreement, each Collateral Access Agreement, each Control Agreement, each Lock Box Agreement (as defined in the U.S. Security Agreement), if any, each additional security and pledge agreement of a
Loan Party entered into pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including Section 5.13 hereof) or any other Loan Document and each other document granting a Lien upon the Collateral as security for payment of the Secured Obligations. 

Combined Availability means, at any time, the sum of (a) Aggregate Availability and (b) Securitization
Availability. 

Combined Availability Trigger Amount means, at any time, the sum of (a) $318,750,000 and
(b) 15% of the amount (so long as it is a positive number) by which (i) the Combined Commitments at such time exceed (ii) $2,125,000,000. 

Combined Commitments means, at any time, the sum of (a) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and (b) the
Securitization Purchase Limit. 

Commercial LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn
amount of all outstanding commercial Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements relating to commercial Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrowers at such
time. The Commercial LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total Commercial LC Exposure at such time. 

17 

Commitment Letter means that certain commitment letter, dated as of
January 10, 2020, by and among Holdings, Barclays, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, PNC Bank, National Association, PNC Capital Markets LLC, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch,
TD Securities (USA) LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as amended by that certain amendment to commitment letter and fee letter, dated as of February 3, 2020 and that certain second amendment to commitment letter, dated as of
April 27, 2020. 

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as
amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 

Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.01(de)(ii). 

Compliance
Certificate means a certificate delivered by the Borrower Representative to the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit C, pursuant to Section 11.06.

Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of any Term Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark or
the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business
Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.16 and other
technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for
the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Compliance Certificate means a certificate delivered by the Borrower Representative to the
Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit C, pursuant to
Section 11.06.

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Control Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement or the Canadian Security Agreement,
as applicable. 

CORRA means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada
(or any successor administrator). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: (a) a covered entity as
that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (b) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (c) a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Covered
Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.26. 

18 

Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the sum of
(a) such Lenders Revolving Exposure at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage, if any, of the aggregate principal amount of Protective Advances outstanding at such time. 

Daily Compounded CORRA means, for any day in an Interest Period, CORRA with interest accruing on a compounded daily basis,
with the methodology and conventions for this rate (which will include compounding in arrears with a five (5) Business Day lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the methodology and conventions for this rate
selected or recommended by the Relevant Canadian Governmental Body for determining compounded CORRA for business loans; provided that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the
Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower Representative) may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion; and provided that if the administrator has not provided or published CORRA and a
Canadian Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to CORRA has not occurred, then, in respect of any day for which CORRA is required, references to CORRA will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published CORRA. 

Daily Compounded CORRA Adjustment means a percentage per annum equal to 0.32138%. 

Daily Compounded CORRA Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Compounded CORRA (including Adjusted
Daily Compounded CORRA). 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum
equal to the greater of (a) (i) SOFR for the day (such day, a Daily Simple SOFR Determination Day) that is five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (A) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government
Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (B) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is
published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website plus (ii) the Applicable SOFR Adjustment and (b) zero. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on the second
(2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any Daily Simple SOFR Determination Day, the SOFR in respect of such Daily Simple SOFR Determination Day has not been
published on the SOFR Administrators Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then the SOFR for such Daily Simple SOFR Determination Day will be the SOFR as published in respect of the
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrators Website; provided that any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of
Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower
Representative. It is hereby agreed that if Daily Simple SOFR determined as provided above shall ever be less than zero, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be zero. 

Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing means a Borrowing comprised of Loans bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to
Daily Simple SOFR. 

Daily Simple SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in in the definition of
Daily Simple SOFR. 

Daily Simple SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple
SOFR. 

Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time
or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to such term
in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

Defaulting
Lender means any Lender that: (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or
Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Lender Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result
of 

19 

such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular Default, if any) has not been satisfied; (b) has
notified any Borrower or any Lender Party in writing, or has made a public statement, to the effect that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement
indicates that such position is based on such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding a Loan under this Agreement (specifically identified and including the particular Default, if any) cannot be satisfied) or
generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit; (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request
in writing by a Lender Party, acting in good faith, to
provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of such certification) to fund prospective Loans and
participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Lender Partys receipt of such
certification in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent; or (d) has become the subject of (i) a Bankruptcy Event or (ii) a Bail-In Action. 

Deposit Account has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC. 

Designated Immaterial Subsidiary has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13(g). 

Designated Immaterial Subsidiary Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13(g). 

Dilution Factors shall mean, without duplication, with respect to any period, the aggregate amount of all deductions,
credit memos, returns, adjustments, allowances, bad debt write-offs and other non-cash credits which are recorded to reduce accounts receivable in a manner consistent with current and historical accounting practices of the Loan Parties. 

Dilution Ratio shall mean, at any date, the amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (a) the aggregate amount of
the applicable Dilution Factors for the three (3) most recently ended fiscal months divided by (b) total gross sales for the three (3) most recently ended fiscal months. 

Dilution Reserve shall mean, at any date, the applicable Dilution Ratio multiplied by the Eligible Accounts. 

Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in
Schedule 3.06. 

Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of
Division. 

Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person
(the Dividing Person) among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not
survive. 

Division Successor means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all
or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a
Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. 

Document has the meaning assigned
to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement. 

Dollar Amount means (a) with regard to any Obligation or calculation
denominated in dollars, the amount thereof, and (b) with regard to any Obligation or calculation denominated in any other currency, the amount of dollars which is equivalent to the amount so expressed in such currency at the Exchange Rate on
the relevant date of determination. 

dollars or $ refers to lawful money of the United States of
America. 

20 

Domestic Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, each subsidiary of
such Person that is organized under the laws of the United States, any State of the United States or the District of Columbia other than any such subsidiary that is also a direct or indirect subsidiary of a CFC Subsidiary or of a CFC Subsidiary
Holding Company. 

Dutch Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Holdings organized under the laws of the Netherlands. 

EBITDA means, for any period, Net Income for such period plus (a) without duplication and to the extent
deducted in determining Net Income for such period, the sum of (i) Interest Expense for such period, (ii) income tax expense for such period, (iii) all amounts attributable to depreciation and amortization expense for such period,
(iv) amortized debt discount, (v) any non-cash losses or non-cash charges for such period that relate to the write-down or write-off of inventory to the extent such non-cash charges or non-cash losses do not exceed $10,000,000 in the
aggregate during such period, (vi) any other non-cash losses or non-cash charges for such period (but excluding any non-cash charge in respect of an item that was included in Net Income in a prior period), (vii) charges and expenses
incurred in connection with the Transactions and the other transactions related thereto, the transactions
contemplated to occur on or about the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and the transactions contemplated thereby and any amendments, waivers or consents with respect to the Loan Documents,
(viii) charges and expenses incurred in connection with any actual or proposed Acquisition, disposition or Investment or any actual or proposed offering of securities, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness or amendment to any agreement
relating to Indebtedness, including any refinancing thereof, in each case whether or not consummated, provided, that the aggregate amount added back pursuant to this clause (a)(viii) shall not exceed an amount equal to 20% of EBITDA
(calculated prior to giving effect to such addbacks) during such period and (ix) any reasonable, documented severance, relocation, consolidation, closing, integration, facilities opening, business optimization, transition or restructuring
costs, charges or expenses (including any costs or expenses associated with any expatriate); provided, that the aggregate amount added back pursuant to clause (a)(ix) shall not exceed an amount equal to 15% of EBITDA (calculated prior to such
addbacks); and, minus (b) without duplication and to the extent included in Net Income, (i) income tax credits and refunds, (ii) interest income, (iii) any cash payments made during such period in respect of non-cash
charges described in clause (a)(v) taken in a prior period, (iv) any non-cash gains and non-cash items of income for such period that relate to any write-up of inventory to the extent such non-cash gains and non-cash income does not exceed
$10,000,000 in the aggregate during such period, and (v) any other non-cash gains and non-cash items of income for such period, all calculated for Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. If
during any period for which EBITDA is being determined, Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary shall have consummated any Acquisition, then for all purposes of this Agreement, in the case of any Acquisition, EBITDA shall be determined on a pro forma
basis as if such Acquisition had been consummated on the first day of such period, taking into account such adjustments as are consistent with the standards set forth in Rule 11-02(b)(6) of Regulation S-X; provided that such pro forma
adjustments are acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 

ECP means an eligible
contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or the SEC. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country
which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution
established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other
record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 

21 

Electronic System means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax,
Intralinks, ClearPar, Debt Domain, Syndtrak and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned,
operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank and any of its respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. 

Eligible Accounts means, at any time, all Accounts created in the ordinary course of business; provided that
Eligible Accounts shall not include any Account: 

(a) which is not subject to a first priority perfected Lien in favor of the
Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties to secure the Secured Obligations, or for the benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties to secure the Canadian Secured Obligations, as the case may be); provided that Accounts
comprising Eligible Securitization Receivables shall not be subject to a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent; 

(b) which is subject
to any Lien other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties to secure the Secured Obligations, or for the benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties to secure the Canadian Secured Obligations, as
the case may be), and (ii) a Permitted Encumbrance which does not have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties or the Canadian Lender Parties, as the case may be); provided that
Accounts comprising Eligible Securitization Receivables shall be subject to Liens in favor of the financial institutions which are purchasers (i.e. lenders) under the Receivables Securitization Agreements; 

(c) in the case of any Account originated by a U.S. Loan Party, (i) with respect to which the scheduled due date is more than 90 days
after the original invoice date, (ii) which is unpaid more than 120 days after the date of the original invoice therefor or more than 90 days after the original due date, or (iii) which has been written off the books of the applicable U.S.
Loan Party or otherwise designated as uncollectible; provided that Accounts of the U.S. Loan Parties in an aggregate amount not exceeding 7.5% of the lesser of (x) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and (y) the Aggregate Borrowing
Base, shall not be deemed ineligible by reason of this clause (c) so long as (A) the scheduled due date thereof is more than 90 but less than 121 days after the original invoice date, (B) such Accounts remain unpaid for more than 120 but
less than 151 days after the date of the original invoice therefor or more than 90 but less than 121 days after the original due date, and (C) such Accounts have not been written off the books of the applicable U.S. Loan Party or otherwise
designated as uncollectible; 

(d) in the case of any Account originated by a Canadian Loan Party, (i) with respect to which the
scheduled due date is more than 60 days after the original invoice date, (ii) which is unpaid more than 90 days after the date of the original invoice therefor or more than 60 days after the original due date, or (iii) which has been
written off the books of the applicable Canadian Loan Party or otherwise designated as uncollectible, provided that Accounts of the Canadian Loan Parties in an aggregate amount not exceeding 7.5% of the aggregate amount of all Eligible
Accounts (as determined without giving effect to this proviso) of the Canadian Loan Parties shall not be deemed ineligible by reason of this clause (d) so long as (A) the scheduled due date thereof is more than 60 but less than 91 days after
the original invoice date, (B) such Accounts remain unpaid for more than 90 but less than 121 days after the date of the original invoice therefor or more than 60 but less than 91 days after the original due date, and (C) such Accounts
have not been written off the books of the applicable Canadian Loan Party or otherwise designated as uncollectible; 

(e) which is owing by
an Account Debtor for which more than 50% of the Accounts owing from such Account Debtor and its Affiliates are ineligible hereunder; 

(f)
which is owing by an Account Debtor to the extent the aggregate amount of Accounts owing from such Account Debtor and its Affiliates to any Loan Party or to WESCO Receivables exceeds 20% of the aggregate amount of Eligible Accounts (for
clarification, only the amount of Accounts in excess of such percentage shall be deemed ineligible under this clause (f)); 

(g) with
respect to which any covenant, representation, or warranty contained in this Agreement, the U.S. Security Agreement, or in the Canadian Security Agreement, as applicable, has been breached and not cured or is not true in any material respect; 

22 

(h) which (i) does not arise from the sale of goods or performance of services in the
ordinary course of business, (ii) is not evidenced by an invoice or other documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion which has been sent to the Account Debtor, (iii) represents a progress billing
(which term, for greater certainty, shall not include sales in connection with an ongoing project where each sale represents a separate billable sale), (iv) is contingent upon any Loan Partys completion of any further performance,
(v) represents a sale on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-and-return, sale on approval, consignment, cash-on-delivery or any other repurchase or return basis or (vi) relates to payments of interest; 

(i) for which the goods giving rise to such Account have not been shipped to the Account Debtor or its designee or for which the services
giving rise to such Account have not been performed by the applicable Loan Party that originated such Account or if such Account was invoiced more than once; 

(j) [intentionally omitted]which is owing by an Account Debtor, any of whose Accounts is subject to sale under any factoring or supply chain
arrangement (other than the Receivables Securitization Agreements); 

(k)
which is owed by an Account Debtor which has (i) applied for, suffered, or consented to the appointment of any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, monitor, administrator, sequestrator or liquidator of its assets, (ii) has had
possession of all or a material part of its property taken by any receiver, interim receiver, custodian, trustee, monitor, administrator, sequestrator or liquidator, (iii) filed, or had filed against it, any request or petition for liquidation,
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debts, adjudication as bankrupt, winding-up, or voluntary or involuntary case under any state, provincial, territorial or federal bankruptcy laws (other than post-petition accounts payable of an Account
Debtor that is a debtor-in-possession under the Bankruptcy Code or other bankruptcy or insolvency laws and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), (iv) has admitted in writing its inability,
or is generally unable to, pay its debts as they become due, (v) become insolvent, or (vi) ceased operation of its business; 

(l) [intentionally omitted]; 

(m) which is owed by an Account Debtor which (i) does not maintain a principal place of business in the U.S. or Canada or (ii) is
not organized under applicable law of the U.S., any state of the U.S., Canada, or any province of Canada unless, in either case, such Account is backed by a Letter of Credit acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion and
which is in the possession of, and is directly drawable by, the Administrative Agent; 

(n) which is owed in any currency other than
dollars or Canadian Dollars; 

(o) which is owed by (i) any Governmental Authority of any country other than the U.S. unless such
Account is backed by a Letter of Credit acceptable to the Administrative Agent which is in the possession of, and is directly drawable by, the Administrative Agent, or (ii) any Governmental Authority of the U.S., or any department, agency,
public corporation, or instrumentality thereof, unless the Federal Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended (31 U.S.C. 3727 et seq. and 41 U.S.C. 15 et seq., the Assignment of Claims
Act), has been complied with to the Administrative Agents satisfaction in its Permitted Discretion, or (iii) the federal government of Canada, unless the Financial Administration Act (Canada), as amended, has been
complied with to the Administrative Agents satisfaction in its Permitted Discretion and any other steps necessary to perfect the Lien of the Administrative Agent in such Account have been complied with to the Administrative Agents
satisfaction in its Permitted Discretion; provided, that, Accounts owed by the government of the U.S. (or any department, agency, public corporation or instrumentality thereof) or the federal government of Canada in an aggregate amount not in
excess of an amount equal to five percent (5%) of the aggregate amount of Eligible Accounts as of any relevant date of determination shall not be excluded from Eligible Accounts pursuant to this clause (o); 

(p) which is owed by any Affiliate, employee, officer, director, agent or stockholder of any Loan Party; 

23 

(q) which is owed by an Account Debtor or any Affiliate of such Account Debtor to which any
Loan Party is indebted, but only to the extent of such indebtedness, or is subject to any security, deposit, progress payment, retainage or other similar advance made by or for the benefit of an Account Debtor, in each case to the extent thereof;

(r) which is subject to any counterclaim, deduction, defense, setoff or dispute but only to the extent of any such counterclaim,
deduction, defense, setoff or dispute; 

(s) which is evidenced by any promissory note, chattel paper, or instrument; 

(t) which is owed by an Account Debtor located in any jurisdiction which requires filing of a Notice of Business Activities Report
or other similar report in order to permit the applicable Loan Party or WESCO Receivables to seek judicial enforcement in such jurisdiction of payment of such Account, unless such Loan Party or WESCO Receivables, as applicable, has filed such report
or qualified to do business in such jurisdiction, or which is a Sanctioned Person; 

(u) with respect to which such Loan Party or WESCO
Receivables has made any agreement with the Account Debtor for any reduction thereof, other than discounts and adjustments given in the ordinary course of business, or any Account which was partially paid and such Loan Party or WESCO Receivables
created a new receivable for the unpaid portion of such Account; 

(v) which does not comply in all material respects with the requirements
of all applicable laws and regulations, whether federal, state, provincial, territorial or local, including without limitation the Federal Consumer Credit Protection Act, the Federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z of the Board; 

(w) which is for goods that have been sold under a purchase order or pursuant to the terms of a contract or other agreement or understanding
(written or oral) that indicates or purports that any Person other than such Loan Party has an ownership interest in such goods, or which indicates any party other than such Loan Party as payee or remittance party; 

(x) which was created on cash on delivery terms; or 

(y) which the Administrative Agent determines may not be paid by reason of the Account Debtors inability to pay or which the
Administrative Agent otherwise determines, in its Permitted Discretion, is unacceptable. 

In determining the amount of an Eligible
Account, the face amount of an Account may, in the Administrative Agents Permitted Discretion, be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual discounts,
claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or other allowances (including any amount that such Loan Party may be obligated to rebate to an Account Debtor pursuant to the terms of any
agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Account but not yet applied by such Loan Party or WESCO Receivables to reduce the amount of such Account. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) change the standards of eligibility set forth herein to make such standards more restrictive, (y) exclude from Eligible Accounts any Account that meets the
eligibility standards set forth herein other than pursuant to clause (y) above, or (z) exclude any Account pursuant to clause (y) above, unless, in each such case, the Administrative Agent shall have provided the Borrower
Representative not less than five (5) Business Days advance notice of such change or exclusion. 

Eligible
Inventory means, at any time, the Inventory of any Loan Party that sells goods to customers in the ordinary course of business; provided that Eligible Inventory shall not include any Inventory: 

(a) which is not subject to a first priority perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties to
secure the Secured Obligations, or for the benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties to secure the Canadian Secured Obligations, as the case may be); 

24 

(b) which is subject to any Lien other than (i) a Lien in favor of the Administrative
Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties to secure the Secured Obligations, or for the benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties to secure the Canadian Secured Obligations, as the case may be) and (ii) a Permitted Encumbrance which does not
have priority over the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties or the Canadian Lender Parties, as the case may be); 

(c) which has remained unsold for twelve (12) consecutive months (or such longer period as Administrative Agent may determine in its
Permitted Discretion), or for which there is more than a twelve (12) month (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may determine in its Permitted Discretion) supply of inventory on hand unless an appropriate U.S. Borrowing Base
Reserve or Canadian Borrowing Base Reserve, as applicable for such unsold / excess inventory has been established by the Administrative Agent; 

(d) with respect to which (i) any covenant contained in this Agreement, the U.S. Security Agreement or any Canadian Security Agreement
has been breached and not cured or (ii) any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement, the U.S. Security Agreement, or the Canadian Security Agreement is not true and correct in all material respects (provided that such
materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that are already qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) and which does not conform to all standards imposed by any applicable Governmental
Authority; 

(e) in which any Person other than such Loan Party shall (i) have any direct or indirect ownership, interest (other than
with respect to interests described in clause (b) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances) or title to such Inventory or (ii) be indicated on any purchase order or invoice with respect to such Inventory as having or purporting to have
an interest therein; 

(f) which is not finished goods or is not goods held for sale or which constitutes work in process, samples,
prototypes, displays or display items, bill and hold or ship in place goods, goods that are returned or marked for return, repossessed goods, defective or damaged goods, goods held on consignment or goods which are not of a type held for sale in the
ordinary course of business; provided, that Inventory constituting work in process having a value not in excess of $5,000,000 in the aggregate at any time shall not be excluded from Eligible Inventory pursuant to this clause (f);

(g) which is in transit with a common carrier from vendors and suppliers or is not located in: (i) the U.S. with respect to
Inventory owned by a U.S. Loan Party; or (ii) Canada with respect to Inventory owned by a Canadian Loan Party, except that Inventory in transit between U.S. locations, between U.S. locations and Canadian locations, and between Canadian
locations of the Loan Parties shall not be excluded from Eligible Inventory pursuant to this clause (g) so long as the Administrative Agents Liens have been perfected at origin and destination; 

(h) which is located in any location leased by such Loan Party unless (i) the lessor has delivered to the Administrative Agent a
Collateral Access Agreement or (ii) an appropriate Rent Reserve has been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion; 

(i) which is located in any third party warehouse or is in the possession of a bailee (other than a third party processor) and is not
evidenced by a Document, unless (i) such warehouseman or bailee has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Collateral Access Agreement and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may require or (ii) an appropriate reserve has
been established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion; 

(j) which is being processed offsite at a third party location
or outside processor, or is in-transit to or from said third party location or outside processor; 

(k) which is located at any customer
location; provided that Inventory having a value not in excess of $70,000,000 in the aggregate at any time shall not be excluded from Eligible Inventory pursuant to this clause (k) so long as such Inventory is located at a
customer location acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion; 

(l) which is the subject of a consignment by such
Loan Party as consignor; 

25 

(m) which is perishable; 

(n) which contains or bears any intellectual property rights licensed to such Loan Party unless the Administrative Agent in its Permitted
Discretion is satisfied that it may sell or otherwise dispose of such Inventory without (i) infringing the rights of such licensor, (ii) violating any contract with such licensor, or (iii) incurring any liability with respect to
payment of royalties other than royalties incurred pursuant to sale of such Inventory under the current licensing agreement; 

(o) which is
not reflected in a current perpetual inventory report of such Loan Party or other report acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion; 

(p) for which reclamation rights have been asserted by the seller; 

(q) which is located at any location where the aggregate value of all Inventory of the Loan Parties is less than $100,000; or 

(r) which the Administrative Agent otherwise determines, in its Permitted Discretion, is unacceptable. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) change the standards of eligibility set
forth herein to make such standards more restrictive, (y) exclude from Eligible Inventory any Inventory that meets the eligibility standards set forth herein other than pursuant to clause (r) above, or (z) exclude any Inventory
pursuant to clause (r) above, unless, in each such case, the Administrative Agent shall have provided the Borrower Representative not less than five (5) Business Days advance notice of such change or exclusion. 

Eligible Securitization Receivables means Eligible Accounts that have been sold to WESCO Receivables pursuant to the
Receivables Securitization Agreements; provided that no such Accounts shall be Eligible Securitization Receivables unless (i) the Administrative Agent shall have determined, based on the results of the most recent field examination of
the Accounts of the Loan Parties and WESCO Receivables conducted by the Administrative Agent, that the Loan Parties and WESCO Receivables are in compliance with Section 5.14, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have obtained a first
priority pledge of 100% of the equity interests of WESCO Receivables, and (iii) the Administrative Agent, WESCO Receivables and PNC Bank National Association shall have entered into a Control Agreement with respect to the master collection
account of WESCO Receivables maintained at PNC Bank National Association into which all proceeds of Accounts sold to WESCO Receivables are required to be remitted under the terms of the Receivables Securitization Agreements. 

Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes and ordinances and binding orders, decrees, judgments,
injunctions, notices or agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any
Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters with respect to exposure to any Hazardous Materials. 

Environmental
Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or
based upon (a) any violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) any exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or
threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company,
beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. 

26 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated)
that, together with a Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is
treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 

ERISA Event means (a) any reportable
event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding
standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver
of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by any Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any
liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any
Multiemployer Plan from any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or
in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In
Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 

Excess Note Proceeds means the net cash proceeds in excess of $1,500,000,000 that are received
by WESCO Distribution, Inc. in connection with the issuance of notes on or about March 7, 2024.

Exchange Rate means the rate at which any currency (the Original Currency) may be exchanged into
dollars, Euros or another currency (the Exchanged Currency), as set forth on such date on the relevant Reuters screen at or about 11:00 a.m. (London, England time) on such date. In the event that such rate does not appear on the
Reuters screen, the Exchange Rate with respect to such Original Currency into such Exchanged Currency shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be agreed upon by the
Administrative Agent (or the Issuing Bank, if applicable) and the Borrower Representative or, in the absence of such agreement, such Exchange Rate shall instead be the Administrative Agents (or the Issuing Banks, if
applicable) spot rate of exchange in the interbank market where its foreign currency exchange operations in respect of such Original Currency are then being conducted, at or about 11:00 a.m. (local time), on such date for the purchase of the
Exchanged Currency, with such Original Currency for delivery two Business Days later; provided, that, if at the time of any such determination, no such spot rate can reasonably be quoted, the Administrative Agent (or the Issuing Bank, if applicable)
may use any reasonable method as it deems applicable to determine such rate, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Excluded Accounts means, collectively, (a) any Deposit Account of any Loan Party which is used exclusively for the
payment of payroll, payroll taxes, employee benefits or escrow deposits or to maintain client postage advances, and (b) any other Deposit Account or Securities Account of any Loan Party, so long as the aggregate amount of available funds on
deposit in such Deposit Account or the aggregate value of all cash, investment property and other financial assets in such Securities Account, as applicable, does not at any time exceed $5,000,000 for more than five (5) consecutive Business
Days, provided that the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of available funds on deposit in all Deposit Accounts under this clause (b) plus (ii) the aggregate value of all cash, investment property and other financial
assets in all Securities Accounts under this clause (b) does not at any time exceed $20,000,000. 

Excluded
Subsidiary means (a) any Foreign Subsidiary (other than any Foreign Subsidiary which is, or pursuant to the terms hereof is required to be, a party to the Canadian Security Agreement, the Canadian Guarantee or the U.S. Security
Agreement), (b) any Immaterial Domestic Subsidiary (other than a Designated Immaterial Subsidiary), (c) any Immaterial Canadian Subsidiary (other than a Designated Immaterial Subsidiary), (d) any Dutch Subsidiary (other than Anixter
Mid Holdings B.V.) or (e) any Subsidiary of any Person described in any of the foregoing clauses (a) through (d). 

27 

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap
Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity
Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the
Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply
only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 

Excluded Taxes means, with respect to any payment made by any Loan Party under any Loan Document, any of the following
Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case,
(i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office located or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office being located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any
political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal or Canadian federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an
applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Revolving Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Revolving Commitment (other than pursuant to an
assignment request by a Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17(a), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to
such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.17(f),
(d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA and (e) any withholding Tax that a Lender is required to pay or incur pursuant to Part XIII of the ITA that (i) would not have been imposed had the Recipient and the payor of the amount
been dealing with each other at arms length; or (ii) that arises because a dividend is deemed to be received by a Recipient in accordance with subsection 214(16) or subsection 214(17) of the ITA, in each case, except where
(i) the non-arms length relationship arises or (ii) the Recipient is (or is deemed to be) a specified non-resident shareholder or does not deal at arms length with a specified shareholder a Loan Party,
on account of the Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or enforced this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

Existing Administrative Agents has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement. 

Existing Canadian Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement. 

Existing Canadian Letters of Credit means the letters of credit listed on Schedule 2.06 hereto. 

Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement. 

Existing Lenders has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement. 

Existing Letters of Credit means the Existing Canadian Letters of Credit and the Existing U.S. Letters of Credit. 

Existing Loan Documents means the Loan Documents as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement. 

Existing PNC Letter
of Credit means the letter of credit listed on Annex I attached to the Seventh Amendment at Exhibit C. 

28 

Existing U.S. Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term
in the recitals of this Agreement. 

Existing U.S. Letters of Credit means the letters of credit listed on
Schedule 2.06 hereto. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Fourth
Restatement Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to
Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any applicable intergovernmental agreements with respect thereto and applicable fiscal or regulatory legislation rules, practices or other official implementing guidance thereunder or pursuant to such
intergovernmental agreements. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website from
time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided, that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate for any day is less than zero, the Federal Funds
Effective Rate for such day will be deemed to be zero. 

Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website means the
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

Federal Reserve
Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Fee Letter
means that certain fee letter, dated as of January 10, 2020, by and among Holdings, Barclays, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, PNC Bank, National Association, PNC Capital Markets LLC,
The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch, TD Securities (USA) LLC, and U.S. Bank National Association, as amended by that certain amendment to commitment letter and fee letter, dated as of February 3, 2020. 

Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or
corporate controller of a Borrower or other officer so designated by the Borrower. 

First Amendment means that certain
First Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2020, by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for
such period to (b) Fixed Charges for such period, all calculated for Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Fixed Charge Coverage Trigger Event means any day on which either (a) a Specified Event of Default shall occur or
(b) Aggregate Availability shall fall below the Aggregate Availability Trigger Amount. 

Fixed Charge Coverage Trigger
Period means the period (a) commencing on the occurrence of a Fixed Charge Coverage Trigger Event and (b) continuing until the date on which Aggregate Availability has exceeded the Aggregate Availability Trigger Amount for thirty
(30) consecutive days and no Specified Event of Default exists. 

Fixed Charges means, with reference to any
period, without duplication, (i) cash Interest Expense, plus (ii) scheduled cash principal payments on Indebtedness made during such period (excluding (A) any scheduled payment on Indebtedness to the extent funded with
additional Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 and (B) principal payments in respect of (x) the Revolving Loans or (y) Indebtedness owing under the Receivables Securitization Agreements), plus (iii) expense for
taxes paid in cash for such period, plus (iv) Restricted Payments made by Holdings and paid in cash during such period (other than Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 6.08(a)(ix)), plus (v) Capital Lease
Obligation payments and unfinanced Capital Expenditures made in cash made during such period (other than any such Capital Lease Obligation payments or Capital Expenditures to the extent that 

29 

such Capital Lease Obligation payments or Capital Expenditures are made with proceeds from (A) any sale of assets permitted by this Agreement, (B) sale of Equity Interests permitted by
this Agreement (other than in connection with the Anixter Acquisition), (C) trade-ins of machinery, equipment or motor vehicles or (D) insurance covering any loss or damage to Collateral), all
calculated for Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Foreign Banking
Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to one or more of Holdings Foreign Subsidiaries by any Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender (or any Person that was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender at the time
the service was initially provided, or in the case of any services in effect on the Fourth Restatement Date, was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender as of such date) solely in connection with or related to Foreign Credit Extensions extended by such
Lender or its Affiliates to such Foreign Subsidiaries of Holdings: (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) credit
cards issued to employees of Holdings Foreign Subsidiaries for travel, entertainment and similar expenses, (d) supply chain finance arrangements, and (e) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled
disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, overdrafts and depository network services). 

Foreign Banking
Services Obligations of Holdings Foreign Subsidiaries means any and all obligations of such Foreign Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all
renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Foreign Banking Services. 

Foreign
Credit Extensions means credit extended by any Lender (or any of its affiliates) to one or more of Holdings Foreign Subsidiaries, including Letters of Credit issued for the accounts of Holdings Foreign Subsidiaries (other than
Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement), working capital and other loans made by any Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to Holdings Foreign Subsidiaries, guarantees by Barclays or any Lender (or any of its Affiliates) of indebtedness of
Holdings Foreign Subsidiaries, international trade instruments issued or guaranteed by any Lender (or any of its affiliates) for the accounts of Holdings Foreign Subsidiaries, or other similar extensions of credit by any Lender (or any
of its Affiliates) to Holdings Foreign Subsidiaries. 

Foreign Credit Reserves means reserves (in an amount of
dollars constituting the Dollar Amount of the currency in which such credit extension is denominated) established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion in respect of Foreign Credit Extensions. 

Foreign Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, each subsidiary of such Person that is not a Domestic Subsidiary or a
Canadian Subsidiary of such Person. 

Fourth Amendment means that certain Fourth Amendment to Fourth Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 

Fourth Amendment Effective Date means October 31, 2022. 

Fourth Restatement Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in
accordance with Section 9.02). 

Fundamental Change
Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03(a). 

Funding Accounts has
the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(g). 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America; provided, however, that with respect to any determination involving a Canadian Loan Party on a standalone basis, GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in Canada. 

30 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of
America, Canada, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state, provincial, territorial, or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 

Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the
guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the
guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the
payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other
financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to
support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. 

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes
or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes in each case above as regulated
pursuant to any Environmental Law. 

Holdings means WESCO International, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

IBA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.06.

IFRS means the body of pronouncements issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), including
International Financial Reporting Standards and interpretations approved by the IASB, International Accounting Standards and Standing Interpretations Committee interpretations approved by the predecessor International Accounting Standards Committee
and adapted for use in the European Union. 

Immaterial Canadian Subsidiary means any Canadian Subsidiary, whether
existing as of the Fourth Restatement Date or formed or acquired thereafter, (i) the revenues of which, as of end of any fiscal year, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, were less than 5% of the consolidated revenues
of Holdings and its Domestic Subsidiaries and Canadian Subsidiaries which are Restricted Subsidiaries for such period and (ii) the consolidated assets of which, as of end of any fiscal year, were less than 5% of the consolidated total assets of
Holdings and its Domestic Subsidiaries and Canadian Subsidiaries which are Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, in each case as reflected on the most recent annual or quarterly consolidated financial statements of Holdings and
its Subsidiaries. 

Immaterial Domestic Subsidiary means any Domestic Subsidiary, whether existing as of the Fourth
Restatement Date or formed or acquired thereafter, (i) the revenues of which, as of end of any fiscal year, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, were less than 5% of the consolidated revenues of Holdings and its
Domestic Subsidiaries and Canadian Subsidiaries which are Restricted Subsidiaries for such period and (ii) the consolidated assets of which, as of end of any fiscal year, were less than 5% of the consolidated total assets of Holdings and its
Domestic Subsidiaries and Canadian Subsidiaries which are Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, in each case as reflected on the most recent annual or quarterly consolidated financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries.

Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary means any Foreign Subsidiary, whether existing as of the Fourth Restatement Date or
formed or acquired thereafter (i) the revenues of which, as of end of any fiscal year, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, were less than 5% of the consolidated revenues of Holdings and its Domestic Subsidiaries and
Canadian Subsidiaries which are Restricted Subsidiaries for such period and (ii) the consolidated assets of which, as of end of any fiscal year, were less than 5% of the consolidated total assets of Holdings and its Domestic Subsidiaries and
Canadian Subsidiaries which are Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, in each case as reflected on the most recent annual or quarterly consolidated financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries. 

31 

Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid,
(d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or
services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by)
any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person,
(i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances,
(k) all obligations of such Person under any liquidated earn-out to the extent such obligations remain unpaid after becoming due and owing, (l) Swap Agreement Obligations of such Person (measured as provided in the definition of
Material Indebtedness) other than those related to a Permitted TEU Purchase Contract, Permitted TEU Capped Call Transaction or a Permitted Forward and (m) any other Off-Balance Sheet Liability of such Person. The Indebtedness of any
Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other
relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). 

Intercompany Guarantee means a guaranty by any Loan Party of an Intercompany Obligation of another Loan Party. 

Intercompany Loan means a loan or advance made by one Loan Party to another Loan Party, whether or not evidenced by a
promissory note or other instrument. 

Intercompany Note means any promissory note or other instrument evidencing an
Intercompany Obligation. 

Intercompany Obligation means any liability or obligation, contingent or otherwise, of one or
more Loan Parties to one or more other Loan Parties, whether in respect of an Intercompany Loan or an Intercompany Guarantee, or in respect of property or other goods sold or delivered or for services rendered, or under a conditional sale or other
title retention agreement, and, in each case, whether or not evidenced by an Intercompany Note. 

Interest Election
Request means a request by the Borrower Representative to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08. 

Interest Expense means, with reference to any period, total interest expense (whether cash or non-cash interest expense and
including interest expense attributable to Capital Lease Obligations) of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including all commissions,
discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in
accordance with GAAP), calculated on a consolidated basis for Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period in accordance with GAAP. 

32 

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan,
Canadian Prime Rate Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), Daily Simple SOFR Loan or Daily Compounded CORRA Loan, the first Business Day of each April, July, October and January for the immediately prior quarter and the Maturity Date, and (b) with
respect to any Term SOFR Loan or Term CORRA Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months
duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest periodPeriod and the maturityMaturity Date. 

Interest Period means with respect to: (a) any Term SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such
Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter, as the Borrower Representative may elect and (b) any Term CORRA Loan, the initial period (subject to availability) of
one or three months commencing on and including the date of the borrowing, continuation or conversion date, as the case may be, with respect to such Term CORRA Loan and excluding the last day of such initial period, and thereafter, each successive
period (subject to availability) of approximately one or three months as selected by the Borrower Representative; provided, that, in each case, (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period
shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest Period
that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such
Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Term CORRA Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent
conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 

Intermediate Holding Company means a Subsidiary which has no
Indebtedness (other than pursuant to the Loan Documents or intercompany Indebtedness to Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary of Holdings not prohibited by Section 6.01) and holds no material assets other than Equity Interests in another
Subsidiary. 

Inventory has the meaning assigned to such term in the U.S. Security Agreement. 

Investment means, for any Person: (a) the acquisition (whether for cash, property, services or securities or
otherwise) of capital stock, bonds, notes, debentures, partnership, limited liability company or other ownership interests or other securities of any other Person or any agreement to make any such acquisition (including any short sale or
any sale of any securities at a time when such securities are not owned by the Person entering into such short sale); (b) the making of any deposit with, or advance, loan or other extension of credit to, any other Person (including the purchase
of property from another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to resell such property to such Person); or (c) the entering into of any Guarantee of, or other contingent obligation with respect to,
Indebtedness or other liability of any other Person and (without duplication) any amount committed to be advanced, lent or extended to such Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Capital Expenditures shall not be deemed
Investments for purposes hereof. 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

Issuing Bank means individually and collectively (a) with respect to U.S. Letters of Credit, each of Barclays, Bank of
America N.A., Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch, Citizens Bank, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, PNC Bank, National Association, The Bank of Nova Scotia, TD Bank, N.A., U.S. Bank National
Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Citibank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA and any other Lender proposed by the Borrower Representative that has agreed to act as an Issuing Bank with respect to U.S. Letters of Credit and is
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, each in its capacity as an issuer of U.S. Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(j) and (b) with respect to Canadian Letters of Credit,
each of Barclays, Bank of America N.A., Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch, Citizens Bank, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, PNC Bank, National Association, The Bank of Nova Scotia, TD
Bank, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Citibank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA and any other Lender proposed by the Borrower Representative that has agreed to act as an Issuing Bank with respect to
Canadian Letters of Credit and is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, each in its capacity as an issuer of Canadian Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(j). The Issuing Bank
may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by 

33 

Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Banks shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. At any time
there is more than one Issuing Bank, all singular references to the Issuing Bank shall mean any Issuing Bank, either Issuing Bank, each Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank that has issued the applicable Letter of Credit, or both (or all) Issuing Banks,
as the context may require. 

ITA means the Income Tax Act (Canada) and the regulations thereunder, as amended.

Joinder Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13. 

LC Aggregate Maximum Amount means $200,000,000. 

LC Alternative Currency means any lawful currency (other than dollars or Canadian Dollars) acceptable to the Issuing Banks
and which is freely transferable and convertible into dollars in the United States or London currency market, as applicable, and is freely available to the applicable Issuing Bank in the London interbank deposit market. 

LC Alternative Currency Sublimit means $50,000,000. 

LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(k). 

LC Disbursement means a payment made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit, provided that, with respect
to any component of any such amount in an LC Alternative Currency under a U.S. Letter of Credit, such amount shall be the Dollar Amount thereof. 

LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the U.S. LC Exposure and the Canadian LC Exposure. 

LC Individual Sublimit means (a) $10,000,000 for Barclays, in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, (b) $25,000,000
for Bank of America N.A. in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, (c) $5,000,000 for Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, (d) $5,000,000 for Citizens Bank in its capacity as an Issuing Bank,
(e) $15,000,000 for HSBC Bank USA, National Association in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, (f) $20,000,000 for The Bank of Nova Scotia in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, (g) $5,000,000 for Fifth Third Bank, National Association in
its capacity as an Issuing Bank, (h) $5,000,000 for PNC Bank, National Association, in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, (i) $5,000,000 for TD Bank, N.A., in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, (j) $5,000,000 for U.S. Bank National
Association in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, (k) $40,000,000 for Wells Fargo Bank, National Association in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, (l) $5,000,000 for Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, (m) $5,000,000 for
Goldman Sachs Bank USA, in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, and (n) with respect to any other Issuing Bank, such amount agreed to by the Borrowers and such Issuing Bank; provided that, at the request of the Borrowers, any Issuing Bank
may, in its sole discretion, without the necessity of obtaining the consent of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, elect to increase its LC Individual Sublimit in an amount not to exceed the Revolving Commitment of the applicable Lender so long
as after giving effect to such increase, the aggregate LC Individual Sublimit of all Issuing Banks does not exceed the LC Aggregate Maximum Amount; provided, further that the foregoing sublimits apply to the applicable Lender and its Affiliates.

LCT Election has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.08. 

LCT Specified Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.08. 

LCT Test Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.08. 

Lender Parties means, individually and collectively as the context may require, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and
the Issuing Banks. 

Lenders means, individually and collectively as the context may require, the Canadian Lenders and
the U.S. Lenders. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lenders. 

34 

Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this
Agreement. 

Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation,
encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same
economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 

Limited Condition Transaction means any Investment the consummation of which is not conditioned on the availability of, or
on obtaining, third party financing. 

Liquidity means, at any time, the sum of (a) Combined Availability and
(b) unrestricted cash held at such time in Deposit Accounts subject to Control Agreements. 

Loan Documents means,
individually and collectively as the context may require, this Agreement, any promissory notes issued pursuant to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit applications, the Collateral Documents, each Loan Guaranty, each Canadian Guarantee, the
Receivables Intercreditor Agreement, any Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement, the Affiliate Subordination Agreement and each additional guaranty entered into by a Canadian Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.13, and all other agreements,
instruments, documents and certificates identified in Section 4.01 executed and delivered to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any Lenders and including all other pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts,
notices, letter of credit agreements, letter of credit applications and any agreements between the Borrower Representative and the Issuing Bank regarding the Issuing Banks LC Individual sublimitSublimit or the respective rights
and obligations between the applicable Borrower and the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance by the Issuing Bank of Letters of Credit, and all other written matter whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Loan
Party, or any employee of any Loan Party, and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan
Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all
times such reference becomes operative. 

Loan Guarantor means (a) with respect to the U.S. Obligations, each U.S.
Borrower, each U.S. Loan Guarantor and any other Person that becomes a U.S. Loan Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.13; and (b) with respect to the Canadian Obligations, each Loan Party and any other Person that becomes a Loan Guarantor
pursuant to Section 5.13. 

Loan Guaranty means (a) each U.S. Loan Party Guaranty and (b) each other
separate Guarantee in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent delivered by each Loan Guarantor that is a Foreign Subsidiary of Holdings (provided, that any Guarantee provided by a Foreign Subsidiary of Holdings
shall be governed by the laws of the country in which such Foreign Subsidiary is located), as the same may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time. 

Loan Parties means, individually and collectively as the context may require, the U.S. Loan Parties and the Canadian Loan
Parties. 

Loans means the loans and advances made by the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement, including Swingline Loans,
Overadvances and Protective Advances. 

Lock Box means a postal lock box established by any Person with any banking
institution, securities intermediary or other financial institution. 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse
effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or financial condition, of Holdings and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform any of their obligations under the Loan Documents
to which they are a party, (c) the Collateral, the Administrative Agents Liens (for the benefit of the Lender Parties or the Canadian Lender Parties, as the case may be) on the Collateral or the priority of such Liens (this clause
(c) to be taken as a whole), or (d) the rights of or benefits available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents. 

35 

Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and
Letters of Credit and any Intercompany Obligations), or
obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding
$75,000,000the Threshold Amount.
For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the obligations of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting
agreements) that such Loan Party or such Restricted
Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 

Maturity Date means the earliest of: (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) the date that is 91 days prior to the
final scheduled maturity date of the 2025 Senior
Notesany Specified Indebtedness unless as of such
91st day (i) not more than $75,000,000 of 2025 Senior Notes remain outstandingthe aggregate amount of such Specified Indebtedness does not exceed $375,000,000, (ii) the Borrower Representative has
received a binding commitment to refinance the 2025 Senior
Notessuch Specified Indebtedness on or prior to the maturity date of the 2025 Senior Notessuch Specified
Indebtedness (subject only to reasonable and customary conditions (as reasonably determined by the
Borrower Representative)) so that upon receipt of the net proceeds thereof not more than $75,000,000 of 2025 Senior Notes
will remain outstandingsuch Indebtedness no longer constitutes Specified Indebtedness and such
refinancing is permitted by this Agreement and matures no earlier than 91 days after the Scheduled Maturity Date or (iii) there shall exist Reserves in an amount equal to or greater than the amount remaining outstanding under the 2025 Senior Notes and Liquidity shall be at least
$250,000,000such Specified Indebtedness in excess of $375,000,000; and (c) the final scheduled
maturity date of any Bridge Debt that constitutes Specified Indebtedness, unless on such maturity date (i) all such Bridge Debt in excess of
$375,000,000 is refinanced with Indebtedness that is permitted by this agreement and matures no earlier than 91 days after the Scheduled Maturity Date or (ii) nonenot more than $375,000,000 of such
Bridge Debt remains outstanding. For purposes of this definition, refinance shall include any transaction that has the effect of extending the maturity date. 

MaxCell Patents means domestic and international patents and patents pending associated with the fabric innerduct and
conduit divider system known as MaxCell. 

Monthly Financial Statement Trigger Period means the period
(a) commencing on the day that (i) an Event of Default occurs or (ii) Combined Availability falls below the Combined Availability Trigger Amount; and (b) continuing until the date on which, at all times during the preceding
thirty (30) consecutive days, (i) no Event of Default has existed and (ii) Combined Availability has been greater than the Combined Availability Trigger Amount. 

Monthly Reporting Trigger Period means any period (a) commencing on the day that Aggregate Credit Exposure shall have
been greater than or equal to 20% of the lesser at such time of (i) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and (ii) the Aggregate Borrowing Base for three (3) consecutive Business Days and (b) continuing until the date on which
Aggregate Credit Exposure shall have been less than 20% of the lesser at such time of (i) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and (ii) the Aggregate Borrowing Base for 365 consecutive days. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties
acknowledge and agree that as of the Fourth Restatement Date, a Monthly Reporting Trigger is not in effect. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 

Net Income means, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries,
determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded (a) the income (or deficit) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated
with Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (b) the income (or deficit) of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary) in which Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any such
income is actually received by Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions and (c) the undistributed earnings of any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or
similar distributions by such Restricted Subsidiary is prohibited by the terms of any contractual obligation (other than under any Loan Document) or Requirement of Law applicable to such Restricted Subsidiary. 

36 

Net Orderly Liquidation Value means, with respect to Inventory of any
Person, the orderly liquidation value thereof as determined in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion by an appraiser reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, net of all costs of liquidation thereof.

Net Proceeds means, with respect to any event, (a) the cash proceeds received in respect of such event including
(i) any cash received in respect of any non-cash proceeds (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but
excluding any interest payments), but only as and when received, (ii) in the case of a casualty, insurance proceeds and (iii) in the case of a condemnation or similar event, condemnation awards and similar payments, net of (b) the sum
of (i) all reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses paid to third parties (other than Affiliates) in connection with such event, (ii) in the case of a sale, transfer or other disposition of an asset (including pursuant to a sale and
leaseback transaction or a casualty or a condemnation or similar proceeding), the amount of all payments required to be made as a result of such event to repay Indebtedness (other than Loans) secured by such asset or otherwise subject to mandatory
prepayment as a result of such event and (iii) the amount of all taxes paid (or reasonably estimated to be payable) and the amount of any reserves established to fund contingent liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, in each case
during the year that such event occurred or the next succeeding year and that are directly attributable to such event (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Financial Officer). 

Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(d). 

Non-U.S. Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

Note Proceeds
means the net cash proceeds received by WESCO Distribution, Inc. in connection with the issuance of any series of notes on or after the Seventh Amendment Effective Date.

Obligations means, individually and collectively as the context may require, the U.S. Obligations and the Canadian
Obligations. 

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 

Off-Balance Sheet Liability of a Person means (a) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect
to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (b) any indebtedness, liability or obligation under any so-called synthetic lease transaction entered into by such Person, or (c) any indebtedness, liability or obligation
arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheets of such Person (other than operating leases). 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection
between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, enforced, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or
perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan Document). 

Other Taxes means any present or future stamp, court, documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar excise or
property Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or from the registration, receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan
Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment under Section 2.19(b)). 

Outbound Investment
Rules means the regulations administered and enforced, together with any related public guidance issued, by the United States Treasury Department under U.S. Executive Order 14105 of August 9, 2023 and, as of the date of this Agreement,
and as codified at 31 C.F.R. 850.101 et seq, or any similar law or regulation.

37 

Overadvances means, individually and collectively as the context may
require, the U.S. Overadvances and the Canadian Overadvances. 

Parent means, with respect to any Lender, the Person as
to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 

Participant has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.04. 

Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04. 

Payment Conditions shall be deemed to be satisfied with respect to a transaction if: 

(a) no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result immediately after giving effect to such transaction; 

(b) for the period of thirty (30) consecutive days prior to, and as of the date of, such transaction, in each case, after giving effect
to such transaction, Specified Combined Availability exceeds the Combined Availability Trigger Amount; provided that (A) in calculating Specified Combined Availability for the thirty day period prior to such transaction for purposes of
this clause (b), Specified Combined Availability for such thirty day period shall be determined on a pro forma basis, as if such transaction had occurred (and any Revolving Loans or loans, transfers or sales made under the Receivables Securitization
Agreements to fund such transaction had been made) on the first day of such period and (B), if at any time during such thirty day period, Specified Combined Availability shall be less than the Combined Availability Trigger Amount and (x) the
Borrowers shall raise additional capital through the issuance of Equity Interests by Holdings or the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 and utilize a portion of the proceeds of such additional capital raise to pay down
outstanding Revolving Loans or outstanding amounts owing under the Receivables Securitization Agreements or (y) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments are increased pursuant to Section 2.09(e) hereof or the Securitization Purchase Limit is
increased pursuant to the Receivables Securitization Agreements, for purposes of determining whether the Borrowers have met the foregoing test, Specified Combined Availability shall be determined on a pro forma basis, as if such capital raise and
pay down of outstanding Revolving Loans or amounts owing under the Receivables Securitization Agreements or such increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or Securitization Purchase Limit, as applicable, had occurred on the first day of such
thirty day period; 

(c) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (calculated for the period of
four consecutive fiscal quarters then most recently ended as if such transaction had been made on the first day of such period) shall be not less than 1.1 to 1.0; and 

(d) in connection with any incurrence of Indebtedness, any sale, transfer or other disposition (or series of related sales, transfers or other
dispositions), any Investment (or series of related Investments) or any Restricted Payment (or series of related Restricted Payments) in an aggregate amount in excess of $50,000,000, the Borrower Representative shall have delivered to the
Administrative Agent a written certification as to (and reasonably detailed calculations of) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio demonstrating compliance with the foregoing clause (c) and of Specified Combined Availability demonstrating compliance
with the foregoing clause (b), which certification and calculations shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and detail to the Administrative Agent. 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing
similar functions. 

Pension Event means: (a) the whole or partial withdrawal of a Canadian Loan Party from a
Canadian Pension Plan during a plan year; or (b) the filing of a notice of interest to terminate in whole or in part a Canadian Pension Plan or the treatment of a Canadian Pension Plan amendment as a termination or partial termination; or
(c) the institution of proceedings by any Governmental Authority to terminate in whole or in part or have a trustee appointed to administer a Canadian Pension Plan; or (d) any other event or condition which might reasonably constitute
grounds for the termination of, winding up or partial termination of winding up or the appointment of trustee to administer, any Canadian Pension Plan. 

38 

Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such
term in the definition of Term CORRA. 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to
such term in the definition of Term SOFR. 

Permitted Acquisition means (i) the Rahi Acquisition and
(ii) subject to Section 1.08, any Acquisition by any Borrower or Loan Guarantor in a transaction that satisfies each of the following requirements: (a) such Acquisition is not a hostile acquisition or contested by the Person to be
acquired; (b) both before and after giving effect to such Acquisition, each of the representations and warranties in the Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects (or if such representation or warranty relates to an earlier
date, as of such earlier date) (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the context thereof); (c) at the time of, and
immediately after giving effect to the consummation of such Acquisition, the conditions set forth in clauses (a), (b) and (d) of the definition of Payment Conditions are satisfied with respect to such Acquisition; (d) in the case of
any Acquisition for Total Consideration in excess of $350,000,000, (i) as soon as available, but not less than ten (10) days (or such shorter period as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion) prior to such
Acquisition, the Borrowers have provided the Administrative Agent with notice of such Acquisition and a summary of the material terms of such Acquisition and (ii) as soon as available, but not less than five (5) days (or such shorter
period as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion) prior to such Acquisition, the Borrowers shall have provided the Administrative Agent with a copy of all available business and financial information reasonably
requested by Administrative Agent (in each case, to the extent available) including pro forma financial statements, statements of cash flow, and Aggregate Availability, Canadian Availability and U.S. Availability projections; and (e) to the
extent the acquirer is a Loan Party, a material portion of the assets being acquired are located within the United States or Canada, or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired is organized in a jurisdiction located within the United
States or Canada; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Borrowers may designate any Acquisition that would otherwise qualify as a Permitted Acquisition but for the foregoing clause (e) as a Permitted Acquisition so
long as the aggregate Total Consideration for all Permitted Acquisitions so designated pursuant to this proviso does not exceed $75,000,000the Threshold Amount. Unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Administrative Agent, in no event will assets acquired
pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition constitute assets eligible for inclusion in the Aggregate Borrowing Base prior to completion of a field examination and other due diligence acceptable to Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion;
provided that with respect to any Permitted Acquisition as to which the aggregate value of the assets being acquired by any U.S. Loan Party or Canadian Loan Party is less than 10% of the Aggregate Borrowing Base, respectively (each determined
prior to giving effect to any inclusion of any such assets in the Aggregate Borrowing Base, as applicable), Accounts or Inventory acquired in connection with such Permitted Acquisition which would otherwise constitute Eligible Accounts and Eligible
Inventory may be included in the Aggregate Borrowing Base, as applicable, without a field examination for a period of ninety (90) days after the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition, it being understood that, unless otherwise agreed by
the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, such Accounts and Inventory will cease to be included in the Aggregate Borrowing Base from and after the 90th day after the consummation of
such Permitted Acquisition if the Administrative Agent has not received a field examination and other due diligence acceptable to the Administrative Agent by such 90th day. 

Permitted Discretion means a determination made in good faith and in the exercise of reasonable (from the perspective of a
secured asset-based lender) business judgment. 

Permitted Encumbrances means: 

(a) Liens imposed by law for (i) Taxes, assessments or other governmental charges that are not yet due, or (ii) Taxes, assessments or
other governmental charges in an aggregate amount not in excess of $50,000,000 that are overdue by not more than 30 days; 

(b)
carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 60 days or are
being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; 

39 

(c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with
workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations; 

(d) deposits to secure the performance
of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(e) judgment Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (l) of Article VII; and 

(f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course
of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of any Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness except with respect to
clause (e) above (to the extent that any such judgment constitutes Indebtedness). 

Permitted Forward means any Swap
Agreements relating to forward sales of the common stock of any Loan Party pursuant to an effective registration statement of such Loan Party filed with the SEC (including any prospectus related thereto). 

Permitted Investments means: 

(a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of
America or Canada (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of such government), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; 

(b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, the
highest credit rating obtainable from S&P or from Moodys; 

(c) investments in certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances
and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of
the United States of America or Canada or any State or province thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $500,000,000 or any Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender; 

(d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and
entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; 

(e) money market funds that
(i) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA by S&P and AAA by Moodys, and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least
$500,000,000; and 

(f) other Investments that are similar to the foregoing, are of comparable credit quality and are customarily used by
companies in such jurisdiction for cash management purposes or approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Permitted Lien
means any Lien permitted under Section 6.02. 

Permitted Term Debt shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 6.01(x). 

Permitted Term Debt Agent means any person acting as administrative agent or collateral agent
pursuant to Permitted Term Debt Documents. 

40 

Permitted Term Debt Documents means each Permitted Term Loan Agreement,
each Permitted Term Debt Security Document, and each other loan document, credit document or document included in a similar term under and as defined in any such Permitted Term Loan Agreement (other than any Permitted Term
Debt Intercreditor Agreement). 

Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement means any intercreditor agreement(s)
executed and delivered after the Fourth Restatement Date by the Administrative Agent, any Permitted Term Debt Agent and the Borrower Representative in connection with any Permitted Term Debt in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, any intercreditor agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit I, with such changes as shall be agreed upon among the parties thereto), providing, among other things,
that (i) the Liens of the Administrative Agent on the ABL Priority Collateral shall be senior to the Liens of the Permitted Term Debt Agent on the ABL Priority Collateral and (ii) the Liens of the Permitted Term Debt Agent on the Term Loan
Priority Collateral shall be senior to the Liens of the Administrative Agent on the Term Loan Priority Collateral. 

Permitted
Term Debt Security Documents means any security documents, collateral documents or other similar documents entered into by any of the Loan Parties in connection with any Permitted Term Loan Agreement to create or perfect Liens on assets of
the Loan Parties as security for the Permitted Term Debt, and any other documents that are designated under any Permitted Term Loan Agreement as Term Loan Security Documents for purposes of a Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor
Agreement. 

Permitted Term Loan Agreement means any credit agreement, loan agreement or other similar definitive
document entered into by any Loan Party after the Fourth Restatement Date with respect to the Permitted Term Debt. 

Permitted TEU
Capped Call Transaction means any Swap Agreement in the form of a capped call option pursuant to which Holdings acquires an option requiring the counterparty thereto to deliver to Holdings shares of Holdings common stock (or other
securities or property following a merger event or other change in the common stock of Holdings) from time to time upon exercise of such option entered into by Holdings in connection with the issuance of customary tangible equity units;
provided that (i) the terms, conditions and covenants of each such Swap Agreement shall be customary for swap agreements of such type as determined by the Borrower Representative in good faith and (ii) the purchase price for such
Permitted TEU Capped Call Transaction does not exceed the net proceeds received by Borrower Representative from the issuance of the related tangible equity units. 

Permitted TEU Purchase Contract means one or more purchase contracts of Holdings that obligates Holdings to deliver a
variable number of shares of Holdings common stock (or other securities or property following a merger event or other change in the common stock of Holdings) initially issued as a component of customary tangible equity units; provided
that the terms, conditions and covenants of such purchase contracts must be customary for purchase contracts of such type (as determined by the Borrower Representative in good faith). 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, unlimited liability company, trust, joint venture,
association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Plan means any employee pension benefit
plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated,
would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Plan
Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 

Pledged Cash means cash of the Loan Parties (a) which has been pledged to the Administrative Agent as security for the
Obligations and in which the Administrative Agent has a perfected, first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Encumbrances with respect to any Pledged Cash domiciled in a bank account in Canada and statutory liens in favor of the depository bank),
and (b) which is on deposit in one or more segregated Deposit Accounts (which for avoidance of doubt shall not include any operating account of any Loan Party) maintained with Barclays or another

41 

commercial bank in the name of the Administrative Agent and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent (other than in the case of a bank account in Canada), each of which
segregated Deposit Accounts is subject to a Control Agreement among Barclays or such bank (as applicable), as depositary, the Administrative Agent and the applicable Loan Party, which Control Agreement provides the Administrative Agent with
exclusive dominion and full control over such Deposit Account and all cash held therein and does not permit the Loan Parties to make withdrawals from or otherwise give instructions with respect to the investment or disposition of the cash held in
such Deposit Account. 

PPSA means the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario), including the regulations
thereto and related Ministers Orders, provided that if perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of any Lien created hereunder or under any other Loan Document on
the Collateral is governed by the personal property security legislation or other applicable legislation with respect to personal property security in effect in a jurisdiction in Canada other than the Province of Ontario, PPSA means the
Personal Property Security Act or such other applicable legislation in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction in Canada (including the Civil Code of Quebec) for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of
perfection or non-perfection or priority. 

Preferred Equity means preferred stock issued by WESCO International, Inc.
in accordance with the terms of the Anixter Acquisition Agreement. 

Prepayment Event means: 

(a) any sale, transfer or other disposition (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction) of any ABL Priority Collateral of any Loan
Party, other than dispositions described in Section 6.05(a), (b), (c), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k), (l), (m), (n)(ii), (p), (r) and (s); or 

(b) any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any ABL
Priority Collateral of any Loan Party. 

Prepayment Notice means a notice by the Borrower Representative regarding a
prepayemt in accordance with Section 2.11 substantially in the form of Exhibit K attached hereto. 

Prime
Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve
Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent)
or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). 

Priority Payables
Reserve means reserves for amounts secured by any Liens, choate or inchoate, which rank or are capable of ranking in priority to the Administrative Agents or any other Canadian Lender Parties Liens, including without
limitation, in the Permitted Discretion of the Administrative Agent, any such amounts due and not paid for wages, vacation pay, amounts due and not paid under any legislation relating to workers compensation or to employment insurance, all
amounts deducted or withheld and not paid and remitted when due under the ITA, amounts currently or past due and not paid for realty, municipal or similar taxes (to the extent impacting personal or moveable property) and all amounts currently or
past due and not contributed, remitted or paid to or under any Canadian Pension Plan or under the Canada Pension Plan, the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario) or any similar legislation, other than amounts included in the Wage Earner Protection
Act Reserve. 

Proceeds of Crime Act means the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act
(Canada), as amended from time to time, and including all regulations thereunder. 

Projections has the meaning assigned
to such term in Section 5.01(e). 

Protective Advance means, individually and collectively as the context may
require, the U.S. Protective Advances and the Canadian Protective Advances. 

42 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S.
Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 

Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect
of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 at the time the relevant Loan Guaranty or grant of the relevant security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such
other person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time
by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Rahi means Rahi Systems
Holdings US, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Rahi Acquisition means the acquisition by WESCO Distribution, Inc. of Rahi
and its subsidiaries pursuant to the Rahi Acquisition Agreement. 

Rahi Acquisition Agreement means that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2022, by and among WESCO Distribution, Inc., as the buyer, Rahi, as the company, and the other Persons party thereto, as sellers. 

RBSL means Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited or any of its successors or
affiliates.

Real Estate Subsidiaries means WESCO Real Estate I, LLC, WESCO Real Estate II, LLC,
WESCO Real Estate III, LLC, and WESCO Real Estate IV, LLC, each of which is a Delaware limited liability company. 

Receivables
Intercreditor Agreement means (i) that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Restatement Date, by and among the Administrative Agent, the Borrower Representative, WESCO Receivables and PNC Bank National Association
as receivables agent, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and (ii) any other similar intercreditor agreement(s) executed and delivered after the Fourth Restatement Date by the Administrative Agent in
connection with the Receivables Securitization Agreements. 

Receivables Securitization means the transactions
contemplated by the Receivables Securitization Agreements. 

Receivables Securitization Agreements means (a) that
certain Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Restatement Date, among WESCO Receivables, as seller, the Borrower Representative, as servicer, the purchasers from time to time party thereto, and PNC Bank
National Association, as administrator, (b) that certain Second Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Restatement Date, among WESCO Receivables, the Borrower Representative and the other parties from time to
time party thereto, and (c) all other documents executed or delivered in connection therewith, in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented, modified, renewed, refinanced or replaced from time to time in accordance with Section 6.11
(including, for greater certainty, amendments, renewals, refinancings and replacements which increase the maximum amount available under such facilities which are not prohibited by Section 6.11). 

Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 

Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04. 

Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective directors,
officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates. 

RelevantCanadianGovernmental Body means the
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New YorkCanada, or a committee officially
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New YorkCanada, or any successor thereto.

43 

Relevant CanadianGovernmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the
Federal Reserve Bank of
CanadaNew York, or a committee
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of
Canada,New York or any successor
thereto. 

Relevant Rate means (a) with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing, Term SOFR,
(b) with respect to any Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing, Daily Simple SOFR, (c) with respect to any Term CORRA Borrowing, Term CORRA and (d) with respect to any Daily Compounded CORRA Borrowing, Daily Compounded CORRA, as
applicable. 

Rent Reserve means with respect to any leased facility, warehouse, distribution center, depot or other
place where any Inventory is located, a reserve equal to three (3) months rent at such leased facility, warehouse, distribution center, depot or other place. 

Report means reports prepared by the Administrative Agent or another Person showing the results of appraisals, field
examinations or audits pertaining to the assets of the Loan Parties from information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrowers, after the Administrative Agent has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement, which Reports may be
distributed to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent. 

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders (other than
Defaulting Lenders) having Aggregate Credit Exposure and unused Revolving Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Aggregate Credit Exposure and total unused Revolving Commitments at such time. 

Requirement of Law means, as to any Person, the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws or other organizational or
governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such
Person or any of its property is subject. 

Reserves means any and all reserves which the Administrative Agent deems
necessary, in its Permitted Discretion, to maintain (including, without limitation, reserves for accrued and unpaid interest on the Secured Obligations, Priority Payables Reserves, Wage Earner Protection Act Reserve, Banking Services Reserves,
Foreign Credit Reserves, Rent Reserves, Dilution Reserves, reserves for consignees, warehousemens and bailees charges, reserves for Inventory shrinkage, reserves for customs charges and shipping charges related to any Inventory in
transit, reserves for Swap Agreement Obligations, reserves for any Unfunded Pension Liability in any Canadian Pension Plan, and reserves for taxes, fees, assessments, and other governmental charges) with respect to the Collateral or any Loan Party;
provided that to the extent any reserve (including, without limitation, any Priority Payables Reserve, Wage Earner Protection Act Reserve, Banking Services Reserve, Foreign Credit Reserve, reserve for Swap Agreement Obligations or reserve for
Unfunded Pension Liability in any Canadian Pension Plan) with respect to any specific item, claim, liability or potential claim or liability is deducted by the Administrative Agent in the computation of the U.S. Borrowing Base, such reserve for such
specific item, claim, liability or potential claim or liability shall not be deducted in the computation of the Canadian Borrowing Base, and vice-versa, it being the intention of the parties to avoid
duplication of reserves with respect to any specific item, claim, liability or potential claim or liability in the computation of the Aggregate Borrowing Base, Canadian Borrowing Base and U.S. Borrowing Base; provided that the Administrative
Agent may reserve any amount of any
eligibleEligible Securitization receivablesReceivables in excess of
$40,000,000 for which a surety bond has been issued by any Loan Party. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution
Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Restricted Payment means any
dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in any Loan Party, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on
account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in Holdings or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests in Holdings; provided, that any
payment with respect to, or early unwind or settlement of, any Permitted TEU Capped Call Transaction, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the agreement governing such Permitted TEU Capped Call Transaction shall not constitute a Restricted
Payment. 

44 

Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Holdings other than an
Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars,
each of the following: (i) each date of a Borrowing, (ii) each date of a continuation of such Loan pursuant to Section 2.08, (iii) the date any Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered, and (iv) such additional dates as the
Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require, and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars or any LC Alternative Currency, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance of
such Letter of Credit, (ii) each date of an amendment of such Letter of Credit having the effect of increasing the amount thereof (solely with respect to the increased amount), (iii) each date of any payment by the applicable Issuing Bank
under such Letter of Credit, (iv) the date any Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered and (v) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 

Revolving Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to
acquire participations in Letters of Credit, Overadvances and Swingline Loans hereunder, which commitment may be (a) comprised of both a U.S. Commitment and a Canadian Commitment or solely a U.S. Commitment, as set forth on the Revolving
Commitment Schedule or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving Commitment, as applicable, and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (i) Section 2.09 and
(ii) assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. As of the
FourthSeventh Amendment Effective
Date, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments total $1,725,000,000. 

Revolving Commitment Schedule means the
Schedule attached hereto identified as such. 

Revolving Exposure means, individually and collectively as the
context may require, the U.S. Revolving Exposure and the Canadian Revolving Exposure. 

Revolving Lender means, as of
any date of determination, a Lender with a Revolving Commitment or, if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with Revolving Exposure. 

Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country or territory which is itself the subject of comprehensive Sanctions. (including, as of the date of this
Agreement, the Crimea, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, and the non-government-controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and
Syria).

Sanctioned Person means, at any time,
(a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the
TreasuryOFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the Government of Canada, the government of any province or
territory of Canada or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state, or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person that constitutes a Canadian Blocked Person, (c) any
Person located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (d) any Person owned, 50% or more, or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (c), or (e) any Person otherwise the subject
of any Sanctions. 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced
from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the TreasuryOFAC or the U.S. Department of State, (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union
member state or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, or (c) the Government of Canada. 

Scheduled Maturity
Date means March 1February
28, 20272030. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the U.S. 

45 

Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to Fourth Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 

Second Amendment Effective Date means March 1, 2022. 

Secured Indebtedness means, at any date, the portion of Total Funded Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on any property
or assets of Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date. 

Secured Leverage Ratio means, on any date,
the ratio of (a)(i) Secured Indebtedness on such date less (ii) the aggregate amount not in excess of $50,000,000 of unrestricted cash held at such time in Deposit Accounts subject to Control Agreements to (b) EBITDA for the
then most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters for which financial statements are available, provided that, to the extent any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary makes any acquisition permitted pursuant to
Section 6.04 or disposition of assets outside the ordinary course of business that is permitted by Section 6.05 during the period of four fiscal quarters of Holdings most recently ended, the Secured Leverage Ratio shall be calculated after
giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to the acquisition or the disposition of assets, are factually supportable and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each
case as determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as interpreted by the SEC, and as certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative), as if such acquisition or
such disposition (and any related incurrence, repayment or assumption of Secured Indebtedness) had occurred in the first day of such four quarter period. 

Secured Obligations means, individually and collectively as the context may require, the U.S. Secured Obligations and the
Canadian Secured Obligations. 

Securities Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Article 8 of the UCC or
the Securities Transfer Act of Ontario, as applicable. 

Securitization Additional Availability means (a) 85% of
the book value of Eligible Securitization Receivables less (b) Reserves, less (c) the greater of (i) the amount of credit actually extended to WESCO Receivables by the Securitization Lenders, and (ii) the
Securitization Maximum Potential Capital (but not in excess of the Securitization Purchase Limit); provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Securitization Additional Availability exceed the lesser of
(A) $301,875,000 and (B) seventeen and one half percent (17.5%) of the lesser at such time of (1) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and (2) the Aggregate Borrowing Base. 

Securitization Availability means, at any time, the available borrowing capacity of WESCO Receivables under the Receivables
Securitization Agreements, which available borrowing capacity is equal to (a) the lesser, at such time, of (i) the Securitization Maximum Potential Capital and (ii) the Securitization Purchase Limit minus (b) the amount of
credit extended at such time to WESCO Receivables by the Securitization Lenders. 

Securitization Lenders means the
purchasers (i.e., the lenders) of Eligible Accounts that have been sold to WESCO Receivables under the Receivables Securitization Agreements. 

Securitization Maximum Potential Capital means, at any time, the maximum amount of credit that could be extended to WESCO
Receivables at such time (based on Eligible Securitization Receivables) by the Securitization Lenders under the Receivables Securitization Agreements, which amount is set forth on the monthly reports delivered by WESCO Receivables to the
Securitization Lenders as the Maximum Potential Capital. 

Securitization Purchase Limit means on any
date the aggregate commitment of the Securitization Lenders under the Receivables Securitization Agreements, as the same may be increased or decreased from time to time under the Receivables Securitization Agreements. 

Senior Notes means, collectively, the
20252028 Senior Notes, the 2029 Senior
Notes, the 2032 Senior Notes and the
20282033 Senior Notes. 

46 

Senior Notes Indentures means, collectively, the 20252028 Senior Notes Indenture,
the 2029 / 2032 Senior Notes Indenture and the 20282033 Senior Notes Indenture. 

Settlement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(g). 

Settlement Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(g). 

Seventh
Amendment means that certain Seventh Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative
Agent.

Seventh Amendment
Effective Date means February 28, 2025.

Significant
Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to paragraphs (i), (j) and (k) of Article VII hereof, on any date of determination, (a) any Restricted Subsidiary that, together with its Subsidiaries that constitute Restricted Subsidiaries,
would constitute a significant subsidiary as set forth in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act, and (b) any Restricted Subsidiary which, when aggregated with all other Restricted Subsidiaries that are not
otherwise Significant Subsidiaries and as to which any event described in paragraph (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII hereof has occurred, would collectively satisfy the criteria for the determination of a Significant Subsidiary under clause
(a) of this definition. 

SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a rate per annum
equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website on the immediately succeeding U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight
financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 

SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR, other than pursuant to clause
(c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate. 

SOFR Rate Day has the meaning assigned to such term in
the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

Specified Combined Availability shall mean, at any time, the sum of
(a) Combined Availability plus (b) the amount, if positive, by which the Aggregate Borrowing Base in effect at such time exceeds the Aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time; provided that the amount attributable to
clause (b) of this definition shall not exceed 2.5% of the aggregate amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time. 

Specified Event of Default any Event of Default of type specified in clauses (a), (b), (d), (e)(i), (i), (j) or (k) of
Article VII. 

Specified Foreign Credit Extensions means Foreign Credit Extensions of which the Administrative
Agent has received notice in accordance with Section 2.22. 

Specified
Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit and any Intercompany Obligations), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries in an
aggregate principal amount exceeding $375,000,000. For purposes of determining Specified Indebtedness, the obligations of any Loan Party or any Restricted
Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any
netting agreements) that such Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time.

47 

Specified Representations means the representations and warranties under
Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.03(d), 3.08, 3.13(c), 3.13(d), 3.16, 3.20(c) (solely with respect to the use of proceeds of any Loans made on the Fourth Restatement Date) and 3.23. 

Standby LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding standby Letters
of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements relating to standby Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrowers at such time. The Standby LC Exposure of any Revolving
Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total Standby LC Exposure at such time. 

Subordinated
Indebtedness of a Person means any Indebtedness of such Person the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the Secured Obligations to the written satisfaction of the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 

subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with
GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the
ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more
subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 

Subsidiary means any direct or
indirect subsidiary of a Loan Party, as applicable. 

Supermajority Revolving Lenders means, at any time, Lenders (other
than Defaulting Lenders) having Revolving Exposure and unused Revolving Commitments representing at least 66 2/3% of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Exposure and unused Revolving Commitments. 

Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.26. 

Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, spot, future, credit default or derivative
transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or
pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers,
employees or consultants of the Borrowers or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement; provided, further, that any Permitted TEU Purchase Contract shall not constitute a Swap Agreement. 

Swap Agreement Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or
contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all Swap Agreements permitted hereunder with a Lender
or an Affiliate of a Lender (or any Person that was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender at the time the agreement was initially executed, or in the case of any agreement as in effect on the Fourth Restatement Date, was a Lender or an Affiliate of a
Lender as of such date), and (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any such Swap Agreement transaction; provided, however, in no event shall Swap Agreement Obligations include Excluded Swap
Obligations. 

Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any
agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 

48 

Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the aggregate undrawn
amount of all outstanding Swingline Loans at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time. 

Swingline Lender means Barclays, in its capacity as the lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 

Swingline Loan means, individually and collectively as the context may require, each U.S. Swingline Loan and each Canadian
Swingline Loan. 

TARGET Day means any day on which (i) TARGET2 is open for settlement of payments in Euro and
(ii) banks are open for dealings in deposits in Euro in the London interbank market. 

TARGET2 means the
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Temporary Borrowing Base Amount means, as of any date, the greater of $1,100,000,000 and an
amount equal to the sum of (i) the Aggregate Borrowing Base of Holdings and its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Fourth Restatement Date and (ii) an amount equal to the sum of 80% of the Eligible Accounts of the Anixter Loan Parties
and 50% of the Eligible Inventory of the Anixter Loan Parties.

Term Benchmark when used in
reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Term SOFR. 

Term CORRA means, for any calculation with respect to a Term CORRA Loan, the Term CORRA Reference Rate for a tenor
comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day) that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term
CORRA Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 1:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on any Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day, the Term CORRA Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term CORRA Administrator and a Canadian
Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term CORRA Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term CORRA will be the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the first preceding Business Day for
which such Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term CORRA Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day. 

Term CORRA
Adjustment means a percentage per annum as set forth below for the applicable Interest Period:

Interest Period Percentage 

One
month 0.29547 %

Three
months 0.32138 %

Term CORRA Administrator means CanDeal Benchmark Administration Services Inc., TSX Inc., or
any successor administrator. 

Term CORRA Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Term CORRA (including
Adjusted Term CORRA). 

Term CORRA Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA. 

49 

Term Loan Priority Collateral means all Collateral other than the ABL
Priority Collateral, including, without limitation, all Collateral consisting of (a) Equipment and Fixtures, (b) Fee Interests in Real Property, (c) Intellectual Property, (d) Equity Interests in Loan Parties and their
subsidiaries; (e) Intercompany Loans, Intercompany Notes and Intercompany Obligations; and (f) all Proceeds from the sale or disposition of any of the items referred to in the preceding clauses (a) through (e); provided that
cash, cash equivalents and Securities obtained as proceeds from the sale or disposition of the items referred to in the preceding clauses (a) through (e) and that are deposited into or credited to a Deposit Account or a Securities Account
shall only constitute Term Loan Priority Collateral to the extent that such cash, cash equivalents or Securities are specifically identifiable as proceeds from the sale or disposition of the items referred to in the preceding clauses
(a) through (e). 

Term CORRA Adjustmentmeans a percentage per annum as set forth below for the applicable
Interest Period:

Interest Period Percentage 

One month 0.29547 %

Three months 0.32138 %

Term SOFR means, 

(a) for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest
Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR
Administrator, plus the Applicable SOFR Adjustment; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been
published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower Representative and, at the option of the Borrower
Representative, (i) the Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such
tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day or
(ii) Term SOFR on such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day shall be deemed to equal Daily Simple SOFR on such day, and 

(b) for any
calculation with respect to an Alternate Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator, plus the Applicable SOFR Adjustment; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term
SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then the
Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower Representative and, at the option of the Borrower Representative, (i) the Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three
(3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day or (ii) Term SOFR on such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day shall be deemed to equal Daily Simple SOFR on such day; 

provided, further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause (a) or
clause (b) above) shall ever be less than zero, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be zero. 

Term SOFR
Administrator means the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

50 

Term SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the Term SOFR Loans
comprising such Borrowing. 

Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate
based on SOFR. 

Third Amendment Effective Date means August 2, 2022.

Third Restatement Date means September 26, 2019. 

Threshold
Amount means $100,000,000. 

Total Consideration means, with respect to any Acquisition, the sum
(but without duplication) of (a) cash paid in connection with any Acquisition, (b) Indebtedness payable to the seller in connection with such Acquisition, (c) the fair market value of any equity securities, including any warrants or
options therefor, delivered in connection with any Acquisition, and (d) the amount of Indebtedness assumed in connection with such Acquisition. 

Total Funded Indebtedness means, at any date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of the types described in
clauses (a), (b), (f), (h), (k) and, solely to the extent such Indebtedness being guaranteed would otherwise constitute Total Funded Indebtedness, (g), determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Total Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) (i) Total Funded Indebtedness on such date less
(ii) the aggregate amount not in excess of $50,000,000 of unrestricted cash held at such time in Deposit Accounts subject to Control Agreements to (b) EBITDA for the then most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters for
which financial statements are available, provided that, to the extent any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary makes any acquisition permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 or disposition of assets outside the ordinary course of business
that is permitted by Section 6.05 during the period of four fiscal quarters of Holdings most recently ended, the Total Leverage Ratio shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma adjustments arising out of
events which are directly attributable to the acquisition or the disposition of assets, are factually supportable and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each case as determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as interpreted by the SEC, and as certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative), as if such acquisition or such disposition (and any related incurrence, repayment or assumption of
Indebtedness) had occurred in the first day of such four quarter period. 

Transactions means (i) the execution,
delivery and performance by the Loan Parties (and any Foreign Subsidiaries which are party to the Canadian Security Agreement, the Canadian Guarantee or the U.S. Security Agreement) of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) the
borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, (iii) the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder, (iv) the granting of Liens under the Collateral Documents, (v) the Anixter Acquisition,
(vi) the (a) satisfaction and discharge and/or repayment in full of the 5.125% Senior Notes due 2021 issued by Anixter, Inc. and (b) settlement, and payment of any fees, costs, premiums and expenses in connection therewith, of any
tender offer, consent solicitation, satisfaction and discharge, repayment and/or redemption in connection with the 5.50% Senior Notes due 2023 and the 6.00% Senior Notes due 2025, in each case, issued by Anixter, Inc., (vii) the issuance of the 2025 Senior
Notes[reserved] and (viii) the issuance of the 2028 Senior Notes, in each case, on or around the
Fourth Restatement Date. 

Type, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest
on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the ABR, the Canadian Prime Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Daily Compound CORRA, a Canadian Benchmark or a Term Benchmark. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or any other state the laws
of which are required to be applied in connection with the issue of perfection of security interests. 

51 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is
defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Unadjusted Canadian Benchmark Replacement means the Canadian Benchmark
Replacement excluding the Canadian Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Unfunded Pension Liability means, at a point in
time, with respect to any defined benefit Canadian Pension Plan, the total unfunded liability or solvency deficiency as determined by a professional actuary for the purposes of the Employment Pension Plans Act (Alberta) or such other
provincial pension standards legislation that may be applicable to the funding and solvency requirements of that plan. 

Unliquidated Obligations means, at any time, any Secured Obligations (or portion thereof) that are contingent in nature or
unliquidated at such time, including any Secured Obligation that is: (i) an obligation to reimburse a bank for drawings not yet made under a letter of credit issued by it; (ii) any other obligation (including any guarantee) that is
contingent in nature at such time; or (iii) an obligation to provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary of a Borrower that is formed or acquired after the Fourth Restatement
Date that is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 6.13, (b) any Restricted Subsidiary designated or re-designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the Borrower Representative in a written notice to the
Administrative Agent and in accordance with Section 6.13, and (c) each Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

USAPatriotPATRIOTAct has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.14.

U.S. means the United States of America. 

U.S. Availability means, as of any date of determination, (a) the lesser of (i) the total Revolving Commitments
as of such date and (ii) the U.S. Borrowing Base as of such date, minus (b) the sum of (i) the total U.S. Revolving Exposure of all U.S. Lenders as of such date (calculated with respect to any Defaulting Lender as if such Defaulting
Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings) and (ii) the Canadian U.S. Borrowing Base Utilization as of such date. 

U.S. Borrower or U.S. Borrowers means, individually or collectively as the context may require:
(a) the entities listed on the Loan Party Schedule attached hereto under the heading U.S. Borrowers, and (b) any Domestic Subsidiary of Holdings (other than a CFC Subsidiary Holding Company) that becomes a party to
this Agreement as an additional borrower after the Fourth Restatement Date pursuant to a Joinder Agreement in accordance with Section 5.13. 

U.S. Borrowing Base means, at any time, the sum of (a) the lesser of (i) 70% of the U.S. Loan Parties (other than
Intermediate Holding Companies) Eligible Inventory, valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined on a first-in-first-out basis, at such time and (ii) the product of 90% multiplied by the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage
identified in the most recent inventory appraisal ordered by the Administrative Agent multiplied by the U.S. Loan Parties (other than Intermediate Holding Companies) Eligible Inventory (determined after taking into account adjustments made in such
appraisal in the calculation of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value percentage), valued at the lower of cost or market value, determined on a first-in-first-out basis, at such time, plus (b) the Securitization Additional Availability,
minus (c) Reserves. 

52 

U.S. Cash Management Bank means (a) as of the Fourth Restatement
Date, PNC Bank National Association and Bank of America, N.A., in their respective capacities as the principal depositary banks for the U.S. Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors), and (b) at any time after the
Fourth Restatement Date, any one or more of the Lenders selected by the U.S. Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors), in consultation with the Administrative Agent, to become the successor principal depository bank for
the U.S. Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors); provided that, unless the Administrative Agent otherwise consents in writing, no Person shall become the successor U.S. Cash Management Bank unless and
until such Person shall have entered into a Control Agreement with the U.S. Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors) and the Administrative Agent in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

U.S. Collection Account means the account at Barclays (or another commercial bank in the name of the Administrative
Agent and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, and otherwise established in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), so designated by the Administrative Agent, in a written notice delivered to the Borrower
Representative, to be the U.S. Collection Account, to which funds on deposit in Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) maintained by the U.S. Loan Parties (other than Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors) with the U.S. Cash
Management Bank and all collections and other payments received in respect of the Accounts of the U.S. Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors) by the U.S. Cash Management Bank shall be remitted at all times (subject to
the provisions of the Receivables Intercreditor Agreement) during a Cash Dominion Period. 

U.S. Commitment means, with
respect to each U.S. Lender, the commitment, if any, of such U.S. Lender to make U.S. Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in U.S. Letters of Credit, U.S. Overadvances and U.S. Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing
the maximum possible aggregate amount of such U.S. Lenders U.S. Revolving Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (a) Section 2.09 and (b) assignments by or to such U.S.
Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each U.S. Lenders U.S. Commitment is set forth on the Revolving Commitment Schedule, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such U.S. Lender shall have assumed
its U.S. Commitment, as applicable. The U.S. Commitment is a sub-facility of the Revolving Commitment and is not in addition to the Revolving Commitment. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or
(iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the Commercial LC Exposure and the Standby LC Exposure of the U.S.
Borrowers. The U.S. LC Exposure of any U.S. Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total U.S. LC Exposure at such time. 

U.S. Lender Parties means, individually and collectively as the context may require, the Administrative Agent, the U.S.
Lenders, and the Issuing Banks issuing U.S. Letters of Credit. 

U.S. Lenders means the Persons listed on the
Revolving Commitment Schedule as having a U.S. Commitment and any other Person that shall acquire a U.S. Commitment pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or become a lender pursuant to an Aggregate Commitment Increase in accordance with
Section 2.09, other than any such Person that ceases to be such a Person hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term U.S. Lenders includes the Swingline Lender in its
capacity as a lender of U.S. Swingline Loans. 

U.S. Letter of Credit means any Letter of Credit issued hereunder for
the purpose of providing credit support for any U.S. Borrower, any Domestic Subsidiary or any Foreign Subsidiary. 

U.S. Loan
Guarantors means, individually or collectively, as the context may require: (a) the entities listed on the Loan Party Schedule attached hereto under the heading U.S. Loan Guarantors, (b) any Canadian
Cross-Border Loan Guarantor, (c) any Domestic Subsidiary (other than a CFC Subsidiary Holding Company) that after the Fourth Restatement Date guarantees payment of the U.S. Obligations and the Canadian Obligations pursuant to

53 

Section 5.13 and (d) the successors and assigns of the Persons described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this definition; provided, however, that for the avoidance of
doubt, U.S. Loan Guarantors shall not include (i) WESCO Receivables, (ii) any Real Estate Subsidiary, (iii) any CFC Subsidiary or CFC Subsidiary Holding Company or (iv) any Dutch Subsidiary. 

U.S. Loan Parties means, individually or collectively, as the context may require, the U.S. Borrowers and the U.S. Loan
Guarantors. 

U.S. Loan Party Guaranty means (i) Article VIII of the U.S. Security Agreement, and
(ii) each other separate Guarantee having terms substantially similar to those set forth in Article VIII of the U.S. Security Agreement delivered by any other U.S. Loan Party after the Fourth Restatement Date, in each case, as amended or
modified and in effect from time to time. 

U.S. Loans means, individually and collectively as the context may require,
the U.S. Revolving Loans, the U.S. Swingline Loans, the U.S. Overadvances, and the U.S. Protective Advances. 

U.S.
Obligations means, with respect to the U.S. Loan Parties, all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the U.S. Loans, all U.S. LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other
obligations of the U.S. Loan Parties to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank with respect to a U.S. Letter of Credit or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents. 

U.S. Overadvances has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(c). 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Protective Advance has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.04(a). 

U.S. Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any U.S. Lender at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal
amount of U.S. Revolving Loans of such U.S. Lender at such time, plus (b) an amount equal to such U.S. Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the U.S. Swingline Loans outstanding at such time,
plus (c) an amount equal to such U.S. Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate U.S. LC Exposure outstanding at such time, plus (d) an amount equal to such U.S. Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate
principal amount of the U.S. Overadvances outstanding at such time. 

U.S. Revolving Loan means a Revolving Loan made to
the U.S. Borrowers. 

U.S. Secured Obligations means all U.S. Obligations, together with all (a) Banking Services
Obligations of the U.S. Loan Parties; (b) Swap Agreement Obligations of the U.S. Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries owing to one or more U.S. Lenders or their respective Affiliates (or any Person that was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender
at the time the agreement was initially executed, or in the case of any agreement as in effect on the Fourth Restatement Date, was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender as of such date); provided that promptly after any transaction relating to
such Swap Obligation is executed, the U.S. Lender or Affiliate of a U.S. Lender party thereto (other than Barclays or its Affiliates) shall have delivered written notice to the Administrative Agent that such a transaction has been entered into and
that it constitutes a U.S. Secured Obligation entitled to the benefits of the Collateral Documents in favor of the U.S. Lender Parties; and (c) all obligations of the U.S. Loan Parties in respect of all Guarantees provided by such U.S. Loan
Parties of Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries under Foreign Credit Extensions and Foreign Banking Services Obligations; provided that promptly after any such Guarantee by any U.S. Loan Party relating to such Foreign Credit Extensions and
Foreign Banking Services Obligations is entered into, the U.S. Lender or Affiliate of a U.S. Lender party thereto (other than Barclays or its Affiliates) shall have delivered written notice to the Administrative Agent that such a Guarantee has been
entered into and that it constitutes a U.S. Secured Obligation entitled to the benefits of the Collateral Documents in favor of the U.S. Lender Parties. 

54 

U.S. Security Agreement means that certain Fourth Amended and Restated
Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Restatement Date, among the U.S. Loan Parties, the other parties that may be a party thereto from time to time and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Parties in substantially
the form of Exhibit E attached hereto, which Third Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Second Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement among the U.S. Loan Parties and the
Existing U.S. Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Parties, dated as of the Third Restatement Date, and any other pledge or security agreement entered into after the Fourth Restatement Date by any other U.S. Loan Party (as required by
this Agreement or any other Loan Document), or any other Person, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 

U.S. Swingline Loan means a Loan made by the Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.05(a). 

Wage Earner Protection Act Reserve means, on any date of determination, a reserve established from time to time by the
Administrative Agent in such amount as the Administrative Agent determines reflects the amounts that may become due under the Wage Earner Protection Program Act (Canada) with respect to the employees of any Loan Party employed in Canada which
would give rise to a Lien with priority under applicable law over the Lien of the Administrative Agent. 

WDC Holding
means WDC Holding, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Weekly Reporting Trigger Period means the period (a) commencing
on the day that (i) an Event of Default occurs, or (ii) Aggregate Availability falls below the Aggregate Availability Trigger Amount and (b) continuing until the date on which no Event of Default has existed and the Aggregate
Availability has exceeded the Aggregate Availability Trigger Amount for thirty consecutive days. 

WESCO Canada I means
WESCO Canada I, LP, a limited partnership organized under the laws of Alberta. 

WESCO Receivables means WESCO
Receivables Corp., a Delaware corporation. 

WESCO Receivables Intercompany Loans means all loans owing to any Loan
Party from WESCO Receivables Corp., and all guarantees of such loans, whether or not such loans or guarantees are evidenced by the WESCO Receivables Intercompany Notes or any other Instruments or Documents. 

WESCO Receivables Intercompany Notes means all promissory notes issued from time to time by WESCO Receivables Corp. in
favor of certain of the Loan Parties, in each case, evidencing loans made by such Loan Parties to WESCO Receivables Corp. under the WESCO Receivables Securitization Agreements, as such notes may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified or replaced from time to time. 

WIS Disposition Transactions means the dispositions and other transactions
contemplated by the WIS Purchase Agreement. 

WIS Purchase Agreement means that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of
February 22, 2024, between the Borrower Representative and Vallen Distribution, Inc., as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such
Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

Withholding Agent means
any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with
respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are
described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK
Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or
instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

55 

SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this
Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Loan) or by Type (e.g., a SOFR Loan or Term Benchmark Loan) or by Class and Type (e.g., a SOFR Revolving Loan). Borrowings
also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing) or by Type (e.g., a SOFR Borrowing or Term Benchmark Borrowing) or by Class and Type (e.g., a SOFR Revolving Borrowing).

SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the
terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the
phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement,
instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented, replaced, or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments,
supplements, replacements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and
hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be
construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (e) any reference in any definition to the phrase at any time or for any time shall refer to the same time or
period for all calculations or determination within such definition, and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets
and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. All certificates and other documents required to be provided by a specified officer of a Loan Party shall be deemed to be provided by such person solely in their capacity as
such officer. 

For purposes of any Collateral located in the Province of Quebec or charged by any deed of hypothec (or any other Loan
Document) and for all other purposes pursuant to which the interpretation or construction of a Loan Document may be subject to the laws of the Province of Quebec or a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in the Province of Quebec,
(a) personal property shall be deemed to include movable property, (b) real property shall be deemed to include immovable property, (c) tangible property shall be deemed to
include corporeal property, (d) intangible property shall be deemed to include incorporeal property, (e) security interest and mortgage shall be deemed to include a
hypothec, (f) all references to filing, registering or recording under the UCC or the PPSA shall be deemed to include publication under the Civil Code of Qubec, (g) all references to perfection of or
perfected Liens shall be deemed to include a reference to the opposability of such Liens to third parties, (h) any right of offset, right of setoff or similar expression shall be deemed to include
a right of compensation, (i) goods shall be deemed to include corporeal movable property other than chattel paper, documents of title, instruments, money and securities, (j) an agent shall be
deemed to include a mandatary, (k) construction liens shall be deemed to include legal hypothecs, (l) joint and several shall be deemed to include solidary, (m) gross
negligence or willful misconduct shall be deemed to be intentional or gross fault, (n) beneficial ownership shall be deemed to include ownership on behalf of another as mandatary,
(o) servitude shall be deemed to include easement, (p) priority shall be deemed to include prior claim, (q) survey shall be deemed to include certificate of location
and plan, (r) fee simple title shall be deemed to include absolute ownership, and (s) foreclosure shall be deemed to include the exercise of a hypothecary right. 

SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP. 

(a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP,
as in effect from time to time; provided that if, after the Fourth Restatement Date, the Borrowers migrate to IFRS or there occurs any change in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of any provision hereof and the Borrower
Representative notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrowers request an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of such migration to IFRS or any change occurring after the Fourth Restatement Date in GAAP or in the
application thereof (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower Representative that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such
migration to IFRS or such change in GAAP or in 

56 

the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such migration or change shall have become effective until such
notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts
and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting
Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of any Loan Party at fair value, as defined therein. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.04(a) or in the definition of Capital Lease
Obligations or Indebtedness, any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842)
(FAS 842), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated
under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015, such lease shall not be considered a capital lease, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance
therewith. 

SECTION 1.05 Currency Matters. 

(a) Principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be payable in the currency in which such Obligations are denominated, provided that (i) any reimbursement by a Canadian Borrower of an LC Disbursement in respect of a Canadian Letter of
Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars or any payment by a Canadian Lender to the Administrative Agent or an Issuing Bank in respect of its participation with respect to any such Canadian Letter of Credit shall be payable in Canadian Dollars and
(ii) any reimbursement by a U.S. Borrower of an LC Disbursement in respect of a U.S. Letter of Credit denominated in an LC Alternative Currency or any payment by a Lender to the Administrative Agent or an Issuing Bank in respect of its
participation with respect to any such Letter of Credit in an LC Alternative Currency shall be payable in dollars. 

(b) Without limiting
the other terms of this Agreement, all calculations and determinations under this Agreement of any amount in any currency other than dollars shall be deemed to refer to the Dollar Amount thereof, as the case may be, and all Borrowing Base
Certificates delivered under this Agreement shall express such calculations or determinations in dollars or the Dollar Amount thereof, as the case may be. Each requisite currency translation shall be based on the Exchange Rate. 

(c) For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Dollar Amount of any Borrowings, Loans, Letters of Credit and other
Obligations shall be determined in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date. Such Dollar Amount shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date for such Borrowings, Loans, Letters of Credit and
other Obligations and shall be the Dollar Amount employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur with respect to such Borrowings, Loans, Letters of Credit and other Obligations. 

SECTION 1.06 Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with
respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to Alternate Base Rate, Canadian Prime Rate, Term CORRA, Adjusted Term CORRA, Daily Compounded CORRA, Adjusted Daily Compounded
CORRA, Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement or Canadian Benchmark
Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement or Canadian Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or
economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, Alternate Base Rate, Canadian Prime Rate, Term CORRA, Adjusted Term CORRA, Daily Compounded CORRA, Adjusted Daily Compounded CORRA, Term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR or any other Benchmark
or Canadian Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions
that affect the calculation of Alternate Base Rate, Canadian Prime Rate, Term SOFR, Daily 

57 

Simple SOFR, Term CORRA, Adjusted Term CORRA, Daily Compounded CORRA, Adjusted Daily Compounded CORRA, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement or
Canadian Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain Alternate Base
Rate, Canadian Prime Rate, Term CORRA, Adjusted Term CORRA, Daily Compounded CORRA, Adjusted Daily Compounded CORRA, Term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR or any other Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and
shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or
otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

SECTION 1.07 Pro Forma Adjustments for Investments and Dispositions. To the extent any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary
makes any Investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 or Disposition outside the ordinary course of business permitted by Section 6.05 during the period of four fiscal quarters of the Loan Parties most recently ended, the Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio and the Total Leverage Ratio (as applicable) shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to the
Investment or the Disposition, are factually supportable and are reasonably expected to have a continuing impact, in each case as determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as
interpreted by the SEC, and as certified by a Financial Officer of such Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary), as if such Investment or such Disposition (and any related incurrence, repayment or assumption of Indebtedness) had occurred in the first
day of such four-quarter period. 

SECTION 1.08 Limited Condition Transactions. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or
any Loan Document to the contrary, solely in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction (a) when calculating any applicable ratio or financial test or determining whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred, is continuing or would
result from the consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, in each case, pursuant to Section 6.01, Section 6.02, Section 6.04, Section 6.05, or Section 6.08 in connection with the incurrence of Indebtedness, the
creation of Liens, the making of any Disposition, the making of an Investment (including consummating a Permitted Acquisition), the making of a Restricted Payment, the designation of a Subsidiary as restricted or unrestricted or the repayment of
Indebtedness in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction (each, a LCT Specified Transaction); provided that any Borrowing hereunder shall not constitute an LCT Specified Transaction except in the case of any
Borrowing with respect to any first in, last out incremental or (b) determining the accuracy of any representation or warranty under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, the
date of determination of such ratio or financial test, the accuracy of such representation or warranty (but taking into account any earlier date specified therein) or whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred, is continuing or would
result therefrom shall, at the option of the Borrower Representative (the Borrower Representatives election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election), be deemed to be the
date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into (the LCT Test Date). If on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered
into in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) such ratios, financial tests, representations and warranties and absence of defaults are calculated as if such Limited Condition Transaction or
other transactions had occurred at the beginning of the most recent period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending prior to the LCT Test Date for which financial statements are available, the applicable Loan Party could have taken such action on
the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with the applicable ratios or other provisions, such provisions shall be deemed to have been complied with. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if any of such ratios, financial tests, representations and
warranties or absence of defaults are exceeded or breached as a result of fluctuations in such ratio (including due to fluctuations in EBITDA), a change in facts and circumstances or other provisions at or prior to the consummation of the relevant
Limited Condition Transaction, such ratios, representations and warranties and absence of defaults will not be deemed to have been exceeded, breached, or otherwise failed as a result of such fluctuations or changed circumstances solely for purposes
of determining whether the Limited Condition Transaction and any related transactions is permitted hereunder and (ii) such ratios and compliance with such conditions shall not be tested at the time of consummation of such Limited Condition
Transaction or related LCT Specified Transactions. If the Borrower Representative has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or basket availability with respect to
any subsequent Acquisition or Investment that any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary is contractually committed to consummate on or following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date 

58 

on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated or expires without consummation of such
Limited Condition Transaction, any such ratio or basket shall be calculated on a pro forma basis both (i) assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and
the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated and (ii) assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have not been
consummated. 

ARTICLE II. The Credits

SECTION 2.01 Revolving Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (a) each U.S. Lender agrees to make
U.S. Revolving Loans to the U.S. Borrowers denominated in dollars from time to time during the Availability Period, and (b) each Canadian Lender agrees to make Canadian Revolving Loans to the Canadian Borrowers denominated in either dollars or
Canadian Dollars from time to time during the Availability Period, so long as, in each case after giving effect thereto: 

(i) the U.S. Revolving Exposure, Canadian Revolving Exposure or Revolving Exposure of any Lender would not exceed such
Lenders U.S. Commitment, Canadian Commitment or Revolving Commitment, as the case may be; 

(ii) U.S. Availability
would not be less than zero; 

(iii) Canadian Availability would not be less than zero; and 

(iv) Aggregate Availability would not be less than zero, 

subject to the Administrative Agents authority, in its sole discretion, to make Protective Advances and Overadvances pursuant to the terms of
Section 2.04 and 2.05. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. On the Fourth Restatement Date, the Administrative Agent shall
reallocate or terminate, as applicable, the commitments and loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement in accordance with the Lenders respective Applicable Percentages and all loans outstanding as of the Fourth Restatement Date
under the Existing Credit Agreement shall automatically and without further action by the parties hereto be deemed converted into Loans under this Agreement and shall be included in the calculations as of the Fourth Restatement Date of
Aggregate Revolving Exposure and Revolving Exposure. All liabilities of the Loan Parties with respect to such Loans shall constitute Obligations and it is the intention of the Loan Parties that such Obligations shall continue
to be secured by Collateral Documents. 

SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings. (a) Each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan)
shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments of the applicable Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to
be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Revolving Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lenders failure to make Loans as
required. Any Protective Advance, any Overadvance and any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Sections 2.04 and 2.05. 

(b) Subject to Section 2.14: (i) each U.S. Borrowing shall be denominated in dollars; (ii) each Canadian Borrowing shall be
denominated in dollars or Canadian Dollars; (iii) each U.S. Borrowing denominated in dollars shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or SOFR Loans, in each case, as the Borrower Representative may request in accordance herewith; (iv) each
Canadian Borrowing denominated in dollars shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or SOFR Loans, in each case, as the Borrower Representative may request; and (v) each Canadian Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be comprised
entirely of Canadian Prime Rate Loans or Canadian CORRA Loans, in each case, as the Borrower Representative may request in accordance herewith. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan. Each Lender at its option may
make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement. 

59 

(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term SOFR Revolving Borrowing, such
Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. Daily Simple SOFR Revolving Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than
$5,000,000. At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Canadian CORRA Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. ABR Revolving Borrowings and
Canadian Prime Rate Revolving Borrowings may be in any amount. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of: (i) ten (10) SOFR
Borrowings outstanding; and (ii) eight (8) Canadian CORRA Borrowings outstanding. 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, neither the Borrower Representative nor any Borrower shall be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 

(e) Each U.S. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably
promises to pay when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, all U.S. Loans and all other U.S. Obligations. Each Canadian Borrower acknowledges and agrees that it is jointly and severally liable
for, and absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably promises to pay when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, all Canadian Loans and all other Canadian Obligations. 

(f) All Loans and Letters of Credit as defined and issued by the Existing Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement
shall be deemed to be Loans and Letters of Credit under and as defined under this Agreement. 

SECTION 2.03 Requests for Revolving
Borrowings. To request a Revolving Borrowing, the Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request either in writing (delivered by hand, facsimile or electronic mail delivery) in a form approved by the Administrative
Agent and signed by the Borrower Representative (a) in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing (or, in the case of any such Borrowings to be made
on the Fourth Restatement Date, two Business Days), (b) in the case of a Canadian CORRA Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (c) in the case of a ABR
Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing, or (d) in the case of a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing;
provided that any such notice of an ABR Borrowing or a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the
date of the proposed Borrowing. Such request may be conditioned on the occurrence of one or more events (including, but not limited to, any merger, acquisition, disposition, asset sale or corporate restructuring, financing or reorganization). Each
such written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.01: 

(i) the name
of the applicable Borrower(s); 

(ii) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing and a breakdown of the separate wires
comprising such Borrowing; 

(iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iv) in the case of a Canadian Borrowing, the applicable currency in which the Borrowing will be funded; 

(v) whether such Borrowing is to be a ABR Borrowing, a Term SOFR Borrowing, a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing, a Canadian Prime
Rate Borrowing, a Term CORRA Borrowing or a Daily Compounded CORRA Borrowing; and 

60 

(vi) in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Term CORRA Borrowing, the
initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. 

If no
election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be (a) an ABR Borrowing in the case of a U.S. Revolving Loan or Canadian Revolving Loan requested in dollars, or (b) a Canadian Prime
Rate Borrowing in the case of a Canadian Revolving Loan requested in Canadian Dollars. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term SOFR Revolving Borrowing or Term CORRA Revolving Borrowing, then the applicable Borrower(s)
shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof
and of the amount of such Lenders Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 

SECTION 2.04 Protective Advances.
(a) Subject to the limitations set forth below, the Administrative Agent is authorized by the Borrowers and the Lenders, from time to time in the Administrative Agents sole discretion (but shall have absolutely no obligation to), to make
Loans to the U.S. Borrowers in dollars, on behalf of the U.S. Lenders (each such Loan, a U.S. Protective Advance) and Loans to the Canadian Borrowers in Canadian Dollars or dollars, on behalf of the Canadian Lenders (each such
Loan, a Canadian Protective Advance), which the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, deems necessary or desirable (A) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, (B) to enhance the
likelihood of, or maximize the amount of, repayment of the Loans and other Obligations, or (C) to pay any other amount chargeable to or required to be paid by the applicable Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including payments
of reimbursable expenses (including costs, fees, and expenses as described in Section 9.03) and other sums payable under the Loan Documents; provided that, (x) the aggregate amount of U.S. Protective Advances outstanding at any time
shall not exceed $27,500,000 and (y) the aggregate amount of Canadian Protective Advances outstanding at any time shall not exceed $27,500,000, provided further that, (1) the aggregate amount of outstanding U.S. Protective Advances
in favor of the U.S. Borrowers plus the aggregate U.S. Revolving Exposure shall not exceed (I) the aggregate U.S. Commitments minus (II) the sum of (X) the Priority Payables Reserve, (Y) the Rent Reserve and (Z) the
Wage Earner Protection Act Reserve, (2) the aggregate amount of outstanding Canadian Protective Advances in favor of the Canadian Borrowers plus the aggregate Canadian Revolving Exposure shall not exceed the (I) aggregate Canadian
Commitments minus (II) the sum of (X) the Priority Payables Reserve, (Y) the Rent Reserve and (Z) the Wage Earner Protection Act Reserve, (3) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Protective Advances plus the
Aggregate Revolving Exposure shall not exceed (I) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments minus (II) the sum of (X) the Priority Payables Reserve, (Y) the Rent Reserve and (Z) the Wage Earner Protection Act Reserve,
(4) the sum of (I) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Protective Advances plus (II) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Overadvances shall not exceed $110,000,000, and (5) a Protective Advance shall not be made if such
Protective Advance would cause the sum of (I) any Lenders Revolving Exposure plus (II) such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined for purposes of this clause (II) in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of
Applicable Percentage set forth in Section 1.01) of all outstanding Protective Advances to exceed such Lenders Revolving Commitment. Protective Advances may be made even if the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have not
been satisfied. The (i) U.S. Protective Advances shall be secured by the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties) in and to the Collateral of the U.S. Loan Parties; and (ii) Canadian Protective
Advances shall be secured by the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties) in and to the Collateral of the Loan Parties. All U.S. Protective Advances shall constitute U.S. Obligations and all
Canadian Protective Advances shall constitute Canadian Obligations. All U.S. Protective Advances and Canadian Protective Advances denominated in dollars shall be ABR Borrowings, and all Canadian Protective Advances denominated in Canadian Dollars
shall be Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings. The Administrative Agents authorization to make Protective Advances may be revoked at any time by the Required Lenders. Any such revocation must be in writing and shall become effective prospectively
upon the Administrative Agents receipt thereof. At any time that there is sufficient: (I) U.S. Availability and the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have been satisfied, the Administrative Agent may request the U.S.
Lenders to make a U.S. Revolving Loan to repay a U.S. Protective Advance; and (II) Canadian Availability and the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have been satisfied, the Administrative Agent may request the Canadian Lenders to
make a Canadian Revolving Loan, in the currency in which the applicable Canadian Protective Advance was denominated, to repay a Canadian Protective Advance. At any other time the Administrative Agent may require the Lenders to fund, in the currency
in which the applicable Protective Advance was denominated, their risk participations described in Section 2.04(b). 

61 

(b) Upon the making of a U.S. Protective Advance by the Administrative Agent (whether before
or after the occurrence of a Default), each U.S. Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from the Administrative Agent without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest
and participation in such U.S. Protective Advance in proportion to its Applicable Percentage. Upon the making of a Canadian Protective Advance by the Administrative Agent (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default), each Canadian Lender
shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from the Administrative Agent without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Canadian Protective Advance in
proportion to its Applicable Percentage. From and after the date, if any, on which any Lender is required to fund its participation in any Protective Advance purchased hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such Lender,
such Lenders Applicable Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent in respect of such Protective Advance. 

SECTION 2.05 Swingline Loans and Overadvances. (a) The Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders agree that
in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, promptly after the Borrower Representative requests that an ABR Borrowing be made to the U.S. Borrowers, the Swingline Lender may elect to have the terms of
this Section 2.05(a) apply to such Borrowing Request by advancing, on behalf of the U.S. Lenders and in the amount requested, same day funds to the U.S. Borrowers, on the date of the applicable Borrowing to the Funding Account(s) (each
such Loan made solely by the Swingline Lender pursuant to this Section 2.05(a) is referred to in this Agreement as a U.S. Swingline Loan), with settlement among them as to the U.S. Swingline Loans to take place on a
periodic basis as set forth in Section 2.05(g). Each U.S. Swingline Loan shall be subject to all the terms and conditions applicable to other ABR Loans funded by the U.S. Lenders, except that all payments thereon shall be payable to the
Swingline Lender solely for its own account. The aggregate amount of U.S. Swingline Loans outstanding at any time shall not exceed $75,000,000250,000,000. The Swingline Lender shall not make any U.S. Swingline Loan if, after giving effect to such U.S. Swingline Loan
(i) U.S. Availability would be less than zero or (ii) Aggregate Availability would be less than zero. All U.S. Swingline Loans shall be ABR Borrowings. 

(b) The Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders agree that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents, promptly after the Borrower Representative requests that a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing be made to the Canadian Borrowers, the Swingline Lender may elect to have the terms of this Section 2.05(b) apply to such
Borrowing Request by advancing, on behalf of the Canadian Lenders and in the amount requested, same day funds to the Canadian Borrowers, on the date of the applicable Borrowing to the Funding Account(s) (each such Loan made solely by the Swingline
Lender pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) is referred to in this Agreement as a Canadian Swingline Loan), with settlement among them as to the Canadian Swingline Loans to take place on a periodic basis as set forth in
Section 2.05(g). Each Canadian Swingline Loan shall be subject to all the terms and conditions applicable to other Canadian Prime Rate Loans funded by the Canadian Lenders, except that all payments thereon shall be payable to the Swingline
Lender solely for its own account. The aggregate amount of Canadian Swingline Loans outstanding at any time shall not exceed $50,000,000. The Swingline Lender shall not make any Canadian Swingline Loan if, after giving effect to such Swingline Loan
(i) Canadian Availability would be less than zero or (ii) Aggregate Availability would be less than zero. All Canadian Swingline Loans shall be Canadian Borrowings. 

(c) Any provision of this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, at the request of the Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent
may in its sole discretion (but with absolutely no obligation), make U.S. Revolving Loans to the U.S. Borrowers, on behalf of the U.S. Lenders, in amounts that exceed U.S. Availability (any such excess U.S. Revolving Loans are herein referred to
collectively as U.S. Overadvances); provided that, no U.S. Overadvance shall result in a Default due to U.S. Borrowers failure to comply with Section 2.01 for so long as such U.S. Overadvance remains outstanding
in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, but solely with respect to the amount of such U.S. Overadvance. In addition, U.S. Overadvances may be made even if the condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02(c) has not been satisfied,
it being understood that the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) shall continue to apply (subject to the proviso set forth in the immediately preceding sentence). All U.S. Overadvances shall constitute ABR Borrowings. The
authority of the Administrative Agent to make U.S. Overadvances is limited to an aggregate amount not to exceed $60,000,000 at any time, no U.S. Overadvance may remain outstanding for more than forty-five (45) days, no U.S. Overadvance shall
cause any U.S. Lenders U.S. Revolving Exposure or Revolving Exposure to exceed its U.S. Commitment or Revolving Commitment 

62 

(as applicable), no U.S. Overadvance shall cause the Aggregate Revolving Exposure to exceed (i) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments minus (ii) the sum of (A) the Priority
Payables Reserve, (B) the Rent Reserve and (C) the Wage Earner Protection Act Reserve and no U.S. Overadvance shall cause the sum of (x) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Overadvances plus (y) the aggregate amount of
all outstanding Protective Advances to exceed $110,000,000 provided that, the Supermajority Revolving Lenders may at any time revoke the Administrative Agents authorization to make U.S. Overadvances. Any such revocation must be in
writing and shall become effective prospectively upon the Administrative Agents receipt thereof. 

(d) Any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, at the request of the Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion (but with absolutely no obligation), make Canadian Revolving Loans to the Canadian Borrowers, on behalf of
the Canadian Lenders, in amounts that exceed Canadian Availability (any such excess Canadian Revolving Loans are herein referred to collectively as Canadian Overadvances); provided that, no Canadian Overadvance shall result
in a Default due to Canadian Borrowers failure to comply with Section 2.01 for so long as such Canadian Overadvance remains outstanding in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, but solely with respect to the amount of such Canadian
Overadvance. In addition, Canadian Overadvances may be made even if the condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02(c) has not been satisfied, it being understood that the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 4.02(a) and
(b) shall continue to apply (subject to the proviso set forth in the immediately preceding sentence). All Canadian Overadvances shall constitute ABR Borrowings or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings. The authority of the Administrative Agent to make
Canadian Overadvances is limited to an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any time, no Canadian Overadvance may remain outstanding for more than forty-five (45) days, no Canadian Overadvance shall cause any Canadian Lenders
Canadian Revolving Exposure or Revolving Exposure to exceed its Canadian Commitment or Revolving Commitment (as applicable), no Canadian Overadvance shall cause the Aggregate Revolving Exposure to exceed (i) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments
minus (ii) the sum of (A) the Priority Payables Reserve, (B) the Rent Reserve and (C) the Wage Earners Protection Act Reserve, and no Canadian Overadvance shall cause the sum of (x) the aggregate amount of all
outstanding Overadvances plus (y) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Protective Advances to exceed $110,000,000 provided that, the Supermajority Revolving Lenders may at any time revoke the Administrative Agents
authorization to make Canadian Overadvances. Any such revocation must be in writing and shall become effective prospectively upon the Administrative Agents receipt thereof. 

(e) Upon the making of a U.S. Swingline Loan or a U.S. Overadvance (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default and regardless of
whether a Settlement has been requested with respect to such U.S. Swingline Loan or U.S. Overadvance), each U.S. Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased from the Swingline
Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such U.S. Swingline Loan or U.S. Overadvance equal in amount to such U.S. Lenders Applicable Percentage of such
U.S. Swingline Loan or U.S. Overadvance. The Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent may, at any time, require the U.S. Lenders to fund their participations in U.S. Swingline Loans or U.S. Overadvances. From and after the date, if any, on which
any U.S. Lender is required to fund its participation in any U.S. Swingline Loan or U.S. Overadvance purchased hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such U.S. Lender, such U.S. Lenders Applicable Percentage of all
payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent in respect of such U.S. Swingline Loan or U.S. Overadvance. 

(f) Upon the making of a Canadian Swingline Loan or a Canadian Overadvance (whether before or after the occurrence of a Default and regardless
of whether a Settlement has been requested with respect to such Canadian Swingline Loan or Canadian Overadvance), each Canadian Lender shall be deemed, without further action by any party hereto, to have unconditionally and irrevocably purchased
from the Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in such Canadian Swingline Loan or Canadian Overadvance equal in amount to such Canadian Lenders
Applicable Percentage of such Canadian Swingline Loan or Canadian Overadvance. The Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent may, at any time, require the Canadian Lenders to fund their participations in Canadian Swingline Loans or Canadian
Overadvances. From and after the date, if any, on which any Canadian Lender is required to fund its participation in any Canadian Swingline Loan or Canadian Overadvance purchased hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to such
Canadian Lender, such Canadian Lenders Applicable Percentage of all payments of principal and interest and all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent in respect of such Canadian Swingline Loan or Canadian Overadvance, as
the case may be. 

63 

(g) The Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Swingline Lender shall request settlement (a
Settlement) with the U.S. Lenders or Canadian Lenders, as applicable, on at least a weekly basis or on any more frequent date that the Administrative Agent elects, by notifying the applicable Revolving Lenders of such requested
Settlement by facsimile, telephone, or electronic mail no later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of such requested Settlement (the Settlement Date). With respect to Settlements involving U.S. Loans, each U.S.
Lender (other than the Swingline Lender, in the case of the U.S. Swingline Loans) shall transfer in dollars the amount of such U.S. Lenders Applicable Percentage of the outstanding principal amount of the applicable Loan with respect to which
Settlement is requested to the Administrative Agent, to an account of the Administrative Agent as the Administrative Agent may designate, not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Settlement Date. With respect to Settlements involving
Canadian Loans, each Canadian Lender (other than the Swingline Lender, in the case of the Canadian Swingline Loans) shall transfer, in the currency in which the applicable Loan was denominated, the amount of such Canadian Lenders Applicable
Percentage of the outstanding principal amount of the applicable Loan with respect to which Settlement is requested to the Administrative Agent, to an account of the Administrative Agent as the Administrative Agent may designate, not later than 1:00
p.m., New York City time, on such Settlement Date. Settlements may occur during the existence of a Default and whether or not the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 have then been satisfied. Such amounts transferred to
the Administrative Agent shall be applied against, as applicable, (i) the amounts of the Swingline Lenders U.S. Swingline Loans (and, together with Swingline Lenders Applicable Percentage of such U.S. Swingline Loan, shall
constitute U.S. Revolving Loans of such U.S. Lenders, respectively) and (ii) the amounts of the Swingline Lenders Canadian Swingline Loans (and, together with Swingline Lenders Applicable Percentage of such Canadian Swingline Loan,
shall constitute Canadian Revolving Loans of such Canadian Lenders, respectively). If any such amount is not transferred to the Administrative Agent by any Revolving Lender on such Settlement Date, the applicable Swingline Lender shall be entitled
to recover such amount on demand from such Lender together with interest thereon as specified in Section 2.07. 

SECTION 2.06
Letters of Credit. (a) General Terms; Issuing Bank Commitments; Requests for Letters of Credit. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower Representative may request the issuance of, and each Issuing Bank
agrees, subject to its LC Individual Sublimit and in reliance upon the agreements of the Borrowers and the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.06 and elsewhere in the Agreement, to issue, Letters of Credit (denominated in dollars or in an LC
Alternative Currency in the case of U.S. Letters of Credit and denominated in dollars or Canadian Dollars in the case of Canadian Letters of Credit) for the account of a Borrower or for the account of a Restricted Subsidiary, in a form reasonably
acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period; provided that, (i) unless expressly agreed by Barclays in writing, Barclays, in its capacity as an
Issuing Bank shall only be required to issue standby Letters of Credit and (ii) unless expressly agreed in writing by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Goldman Sachs Bank USA shall only be required to issue standby Letters of Credit, provided
further that (i) with respect to any Letter of Credit issued for the account of (x) a Domestic Subsidiary that is not a Borrower or (y) a Foreign Subsidiary, one or more of the U.S. Borrowers shall be the applicant or co-applicant
with respect to such Letter of Credit, (ii) with regard to any Letter of Credit issued for the account of a Canadian Subsidiary that is not a Borrower, one or more of the Canadian Borrowers shall be the applicant or co-applicant with respect to
such Letter of Credit, (iii) each U.S. Borrower and each other U.S. Loan Party irrevocably agrees that is shall be jointly and severally liable and fully responsible for any and all LC Disbursements and other obligations with respect to any
Letter of Credit issued for the account of any Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary hereunder as if such Letter of Credit had been issued for the sole account of such U.S. Borrower or other U.S. Loan Party, (iv) each Canadian Borrower and each
other Canadian Loan Party irrevocably agrees that is shall be jointly and severally liable and fully responsible for any and all LC Disbursements and other obligations with respect to any Canadian Letter of Credit issued for the account of any
Canadian Borrower or Canadian Subsidiary hereunder as if such Letter of Credit had been issued for the sole account of such Canadian Borrower or other Canadian Loan Party, (v) each U.S. Lender severally agrees to participate in all U.S. Letters
of Credit issued hereunder to the extent of its Applicable Percentage, and (vi) each Canadian Lender severally agrees to participate in all Canadian Letters of Credit issued hereunder to the extent of its Applicable Percentage. In the event of
any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrowers to, or entered into by the Borrowers with, an Issuing Bank
relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit
(i) the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (A) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country in violation of Sanctions, or (B) in any other manner that would result in a
violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement, (ii) if any order, 

64 

judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Change in Law relating to such
Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of
credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder)
not in effect on the Fourth Restatement Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Fourth Restatement Date and which such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it, or
(iii) if the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or
directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in
each case be deemed not to be in effect on the Fourth Restatement Date for purposes of clause (ii) above, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. If any Borrower requests that the Issuing Bank issue a Letter of Credit
for the account of an affiliated or unaffiliated third party (an Account Party), (i) such Account Party shall have no rights against the Issuing Bank, (ii) the Borrowers shall be responsible for the application and the
obligations under this Agreement and (iii) communications (including notices) related to such Letter of Credit shall be between the Issuing Bank and the Borrower Representative. 

(b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the
amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower Representative shall deliver by hand or facsimile (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Issuing
Bank) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent ((i) in the case of Letters of Credit to be issued in dollars, prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, at least three Business Days and (ii) in the case of Letters of Credit to
be issued in an LC Alternative Currency, prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, at least five Business Days prior to the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or
identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with
paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary for whose account such Letter of Credit is to be issued, the currency in which such Letter of Credit will be denominated (which may be
in: (x) dollars or an LC Alternative Currency in the case of U.S. Letters of Credit and (y) dollars or Canadian Dollars in the case of Canadian Letters of Credit), the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information
as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the applicable Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the applicable Issuing Banks standard form
in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrowers shall be deemed to represent
and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the aggregate LC Exposure shall not exceed the LC Aggregate Maximum Amount, (ii) U.S. Availability shall not be less than zero,
(iii) Canadian Availability shall not be less than zero, (iv) Aggregate Availability shall not be less than zero, (v) the aggregate LC Exposure with respect to all Letters of Credit issued in an LC Alternative Currency shall not
exceed the LC Alternative Currency Sublimit, (vi) the LC Exposure of the applicable Issuing Bank shall not exceed such Issuing Banks LC Individual Sublimit, and (vii) each Lenders U.S. Revolving Exposure, Canadian Revolving
Exposure and Revolving Exposure shall not exceed such Lenders U.S. Commitment, Canadian Commitment and Revolving Commitment, respectively. 

(c) Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date that
is two years (or, at the discretion of the applicable Issuing Bank, with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, an agreed to longer period of time) after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case
of any renewal or extension thereof, including, without limitation, any evergreen or automatic renewal provisions, one year after the then-current expiration date at the time of such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is
five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (unless such Letter of Credit has been cash collateralized in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.06(k))
or otherwise in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing
Bank); provided, that in the case of any
Letter of Credit providing for annual automatic renewal, such Letter of Credit may, at the discretion of the applicable Issuing Bank, be automatically extended for a period of up to one year after the Maturity Date. 

65 

(d) Participations. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a
Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of any Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, the applicable Issuing Bank hereby grants to each U.S. Lender, with respect to a U.S. Letter of Credit, and each
Canadian Lender, with respect to a Canadian Letter of Credit, and each U.S. Lender and Canadian Lender, as applicable, hereby acquires from the applicable Issuing Bank, a participation in each such Letter of Credit equal to such Lenders
Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, (i) with respect to each U.S. Letter of Credit, each U.S. Lender hereby absolutely and
unconditionally agrees to pay in dollars to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) with respect to any Canadian Letters of Credit, each Canadian Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally promises to pay, in the same currency in which such
Canadian Letter of Credit is issued, the Administrative Agent, in each case for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Lenders Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement, made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the
applicable Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to such Borrowers for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire
participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence
and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments, U.S. Commitments or Canadian Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 

(e) Reimbursement. If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Borrower shall
reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent (i) in the case of any U.S. Letter of Credit, in dollars and (ii) in the case of any Canadian Letter of Credit, in the same currency as the applicable LC Disbursement, an
amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower Representative shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City
time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower Representative prior to such time on such date, then not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on (x) the Business Day that the Borrower Representative receives
such notice, if such notice is received prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of receipt, or (y) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower Representative receives such notice, if such notice is not received
prior to such time on the date of receipt; provided that the Borrowers may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving
Borrowing or U.S. Swingline Loan (in the case of U.S. Letters of Credit), or a Canadian Prime Rate Revolving Borrowing or Canadian Swingline Loan (in the case of Canadian Letters of Credit), in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed (in
the event that such LC Disbursement with respect to a U.S. Letter of Credit was made in an LC Alternative Currency, such Borrowing Request shall be for an amount in dollars equal to the Dollar Amount of such LC Disbursement), the Borrowers
obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing, Canadian Prime Rate Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan. If the Borrowers fail to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall
notify each U.S. Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement with respect to U.S. Letters of Credit and each Canadian Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement with respect of Canadian Letters of Credit, the payment then due from the applicable Borrower
in respect thereof and such Lenders Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice with respect to any Letter of Credit, each U.S. Lender (in the case of any U.S. Letter of Credit) and each Canadian Lender (in the
case of any Canadian Letter of Credit) shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the applicable Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such
Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the applicable Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from such
Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrowers pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving
Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and the applicable Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to this paragraph to
reimburse any Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Loans, Canadian Prime Rate Revolving Loans, or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan (but shall be a Secured Obligation) and
shall not relieve the Borrowers of their obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 

66 

(f) Exchange Indemnification and Increased Costs. The U.S. Borrowers shall, upon
demand from any Issuing Bank or any U.S. Lender, pay to such Issuing Bank or such U.S. Lender, the amount of (i) any loss or cost or increased cost incurred by such Issuing Bank or such U.S. Lender, (ii) any reduction in any amount payable
to or in the effective return on the capital to such Issuing Bank or such U.S. Lender, (iii) any currency exchange loss, in each case with respect to clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), that such Issuing Bank or such U.S. Lender sustains as a
result of the U.S. Borrowers repayment in dollars of any U.S. Letter of Credit that was denominated in an LC Alternative Currency or (iv) any interest or any other return, including principal, foregone by such Issuing Bank as a result of
the introduction of, changeover to or operation of the Euro in any member state participating in the Euro. A certificate of the applicable Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for determining such additional amount or amounts
necessary to compensate such Issuing Bank shall be conclusively presumed to be correct save for manifest error. 

(g) Obligations
Absolute. The joint and several obligations of U.S. Borrowers to reimburse LC Disbursements and the obligation of the Canadian Borrowers to reimburse LC Disbursements on account of Canadian Letters of Credit, in each case, as provided in
paragraph (e) of this Section shall be (subject to Section 12.01) absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and
irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged,
fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the
terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a
right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. None of the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in
connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or
delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence
arising from causes beyond the control of any Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the applicable Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrowers to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to
consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by any Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Banks failure to exercise care when determining whether
drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a
court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents
presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further
investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 

(h) Disbursement Procedures. The applicable Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents
purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The applicable Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower by telephone (confirmed by facsimile or electronic mail) of such demand for
payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrowers of their obligation to reimburse the applicable
Issuing Bank and the applicable Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 

(i) Interim Interest. If any Issuing
Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrowers shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC
Disbursement is made to but excluding the date 

67 

that the Borrowers reimburse such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum (i) then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans in the case of LC Disbursements made in dollars or in a LC Alternative
Currency; and (ii) then applicable to Canadian Prime Rate Revolving Loans in the case of LC Disbursements made in Canadian Dollars; provided that, if the applicable Borrowers fail to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph
(e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(f) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender
pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse the Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Revolving Lender to the extent of such payment. 

(j) Replacement or Resignation of the Issuing Bank. Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the
Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank to be replaced and the successor Issuing Bank. Any Issuing Bank may resign by giving 30 days written notice to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent. The
Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement or resignation of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement or resignation shall become effective, the Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the
account of the replaced or retiring Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this
Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all
previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement or resignation of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced or retiring Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of
an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement or resignation, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 

(k) Cash Collateralization. If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower Representative
receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, (i) the U.S. Borrowers shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the
Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lender Parties (the LC Collateral Account), an amount in cash equal to 103% of the U.S. LC Exposure as of such date plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon; and (ii) the
Canadian Borrowers shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties (the Canadian LC Collateral Account), an amount in cash equal
to 103% of the Canadian LC Exposure as of such date plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and
payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to any Borrower described in clauses (i) or (j) of Article VII. Such deposits shall be held by the Administrative Agent as
collateral for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations in the case of deposits in the LC Collateral Account, and the Canadian Secured Obligations in the case of deposits in the Canadian LC Collateral Account. The Administrative Agent
shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such accounts; and (x) the U.S. Borrowers hereby grant the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties) a security interest in the LC
Collateral Account and (y) the Canadian Borrowers hereby grant the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties) a security interest in the Canadian LC Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment
of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments
shall accumulate in such account. Subject to Section 12.01, moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the
extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the U.S. Borrowers or the Canadian Borrowers, as applicable, for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but
subject to the consent of Required Lenders), be applied, in the case of moneys in the LC Collateral Account, to satisfy other Secured Obligations or, in the case of moneys in the Canadian LC Collateral Account, to satisfy other Canadian Secured
Obligations. If the Borrowers are required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrowers within three
Business Days after all such Events of Default have been cured or waived. 

68 

(l) Treatment of Existing Letters of Credit. On the Fourth Restatement Date,
(i) each Existing U.S. Letter of Credit, to the extent outstanding, shall automatically and without further action by the parties thereto be deemed converted into a U.S. Letter of Credit under this Agreement (as reflected on
Schedule 2.06) and each Existing Canadian Letter of Credit, to the extent outstanding, shall automatically and without further action by the parties thereto be deemed converted into a Canadian Letter of Credit under this Agreement (as
reflected on Schedule 2.06), in each case, pursuant to this Section 2.06 and subject to the provisions hereof as if each such Existing U.S. Letter of Credit and each Existing Canadian Letter of Credit had been issued on the Fourth
Restatement Date, (ii) each Existing U.S. Letter of Credit shall be included in the calculation of U.S. LC Exposure and each Existing Canadian Letter of Credit shall be included in the calculation of Canadian LC Exposure, and (iii) all
liabilities of the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties with respect to such Existing Letters of Credit shall constitute
Obligations. On the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, (i) the Existing PNC Letter of Credit shall automatically
and without further action by the parties thereto be deemed converted into a U.S. Letter of Credit under this Agreement pursuant to this Section 2.06 and subject to the provisions hereof as if the Existing PNC Letter of Credit had been issued
on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, (ii) the Existing PNC Letter of Credit shall be included in the calculation of U.S. LC Exposure, and (iii) all liabilities of the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties with respect to the Existing
PNC Letter of Credit shall constitute Obligations.

(m) Issuing Bank
Reports to the Administrative Agent. Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, report in writing to the Administrative Agent
(i) periodic activity (for such period or recurrent periods as shall be requested by the Administrative Agent) in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, including all issuances, extensions, amendments and renewals, all
expirations and cancelations and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) reasonably prior to the time that such Issuing Bank issues, amends, renews or extends any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension,
and the stated amount of the Letters of Credit issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amounts thereof shall have changed), (iii) on each
Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, the date and amount of such LC Disbursement, (iv) on any Business Day on which any Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank
on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such LC Disbursement, and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing
Bank. 

(n) Limitation of Liability; Direct Damages. The liability of the Issuing Bank (or any other Indemnitee) under, in
connection with and/or arising out of this Agreement, any letter of credit application or any Letter of Credit (or pre-advice), regardless of the form or legal grounds of the action or proceeding, shall be limited to direct damages suffered by the
applicant with respect to such letter of credit application or Letter of Credit that are caused directly by the Issuing Banks bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct in (i) failing to issue a Letter of Credit requested by the
Borrowers when such Letter of Credit and the Borrowers are in strict compliance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) honoring a presentation under a Letter of Credit that on its face does not at least substantially comply with the terms and
conditions of such Letter of Credit, (iii) failing to honor a presentation under a Letter of Credit that strictly complies with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit or (iv) retaining drawing documents presented under a Letter
of Credit. Such applicants aggregate remedies against the Issuing Bank and any Indemnitee for wrongfully honoring a presentation under any Letter of Credit or wrongfully retaining honored drawing documents shall in no event exceed the
aggregate amount paid by such applicant to the Issuing Bank in respect of the honored presentation in connection with such Letter of Credit under Section 2.06(e), plus interest at the rate then applicable to ABR Loans or Canadian Prime
Rate Loans, as applicable. 

SECTION 2.07 Funding of Borrowings. (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it
hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 2:00 p.m., New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders;
provided that, Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower Representative by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to the Funding
Account(s); provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of (i) an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank, (ii) a U.S.
Protective Advance or a U.S. Overadvance shall be retained by the Administrative Agent, and (iii) a Canadian Protective Advance or a Canadian Overadvance shall be retained by the Administrative Agent. U.S. Loans 

69 

and participations in U.S. Swingline Loans and U.S. Letters of Credit will be funded by each U.S. Lender pro rata in accordance with its Applicable Percentage of the U.S. Commitments. Canadian
Loans and participations in Canadian Swingline Loans and Canadian Letters of Credit will be funded by each Canadian Lender pro rata in accordance with its Applicable Percentage of the Canadian Commitments. 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will
not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and
may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent then the applicable
Lender and the Borrowers severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the applicable Borrower to but
excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of either the Federal Funds Effective Rate (in the case of dollar denominated amounts) or the Canadian Overnight Rate (in the case of
Canadian Dollar denominated amounts) and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans (in the
case of dollar denominated amounts), or Canadian Prime Rate Loans (in the case of Canadian Dollar denominated amounts). If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in
such Borrowing. 

SECTION 2.08 Interest Elections. (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified
in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term SOFR Revolving Borrowing or an Adjusted Term CORRA Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower
Representative may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term SOFR Revolving Borrowing or an Adjusted Term CORRA Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as
provided in this Section. The Borrower Representative may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising
such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing, provided that a Borrowing in one currency may only be converted to another Type of Borrowing denominated in the same currency as the
Borrowing to be so converted. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, Overadvances or Protective Advances, which may not be converted or continued. 

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election in
writing by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrowers were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such
Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery, facsimile or electronic mail delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent
and signed by the Borrower Representative. 

(c) Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with
Section 2.02: 

(i) the name of the applicable Borrower and the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request
applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below
shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest
Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iii) the currency in which such Borrowing is to be funded; 

70 

(iv) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Canadian
Prime Rate Borrowing, an Adjusted Term CORRA Borrowing, an Adjusted Daily Compounded CORRA Borrowing, a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing; and 

(v) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Canadian CORRA Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable
thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. 

If any such
Interest Election Request requests a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Canadian CORRA Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrowers shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. 

(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender
of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

(e) If the Borrower Representative fails to deliver
a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be
converted to an ABR Borrowing, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing of either U.S. Revolving Loans or Canadian Revolving Loans denominated in dollars. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower Representative, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a SOFR
Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each SOFR Borrowing of U.S. Revolving Loans or Canadian Revolving Loans denominated in dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 

(f) If the Borrower Representative fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Canadian CORRA Borrowing prior to the
end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision
hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower Representative, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding
Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Canadian CORRA Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Canadian CORRA Borrowing shall be converted to a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing of the same class at the end of the Interest Period applicable
thereto. 

SECTION 2.09 Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Revolving Commitments. (a) Unless previously
terminated, all Revolving Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. For clarification, all U.S. Commitments and Canadian Commitments, as sub-facilities of the Revolving Commitments, shall terminate upon the termination of the Revolving
Commitments. 

(b) Subject to Section 12.01, the Borrowers may at any time terminate the Revolving Commitments upon (i) the
payment in full in cash of all outstanding U.S. Loans, in the case of the U.S. Commitment, and Canadian Loans, in the case of the Canadian Commitment, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon and on any U.S. Letters of Credit, in the case
of the U.S. Commitment, and Canadian Letters of Credit, in the case of the Canadian Commitment, as applicable, (ii) the cancellation and return of all outstanding U.S. Letters of Credit, in the case of the U.S. Commitment, and Canadian Letters
of Credit, in the case of the Canadian Commitment (or alternatively, (A) with respect to each such U.S. Letter of Credit, the deposit in the LC Collateral Account of cash equal to 103% of the U.S. LC Exposure or with respect to each such
Canadian Letter of Credit, the deposit in the Canadian LC Collateral Account of cash equal to 103% Canadian LC Exposure, as applicable, as of such date in accordance with Section 2.06(k), or (B) with the consent of the Administrative Agent
and each applicable Issuing Bank, a back-up standby letter of credit equal to 103% of the U.S. LC Exposure or Canadian LC Exposure, as applicable, as of such date), (iii) the payment in full in cash of the accrued and unpaid fees, and
(iv) the payment in full in cash of all reimbursable expenses and other U.S. Obligations or Canadian Obligations, as applicable, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. For clarification, all U.S. Commitments and Canadian
Commitments, as sub-facilities of the Revolving Commitments, shall terminate upon the termination of the Revolving Commitments. 

71 

(c) Subject to Section 12.01, the Borrowers may from time to time reduce the Aggregate
Revolving Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $5,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrowers shall not reduce the
Aggregate Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, Aggregate Availability would be less than zero. Each reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments
shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages. In connection with any reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, the aggregate U.S. Commitments shall be automatically reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by the amount of the reduction in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, and, to the extent that the reduction in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments
would cause the Canadian Sublimit to exceed the aggregate amount of the Canadian Commitments of the Canadian Lenders, the Canadian Sublimit shall be automatically reduced so that after giving effect to the reduction in the Aggregate Revolving
Commitments, the Canadian Sublimit does not exceed the aggregate amount of the Canadian Commitments of the Canadian Lenders. 

(d) The
Borrower Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments under paragraphs (b) or (c) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of
such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the U.S. Lenders or the Canadian Lenders, as applicable, of the contents thereof.
Each notice delivered by the Borrower Representative pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments delivered by the Borrower Representative may state that such notice is
conditioned upon the effectiveness of another transaction, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower Representative (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not
satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be permanent. 

(e) The Borrowers shall have the right to
increase the Aggregate Revolving Commitments (an Aggregate Commitment Increase) by obtaining additional Revolving Commitments, either from one or more of the Lenders or another lending institution, provided that
(i) any such request for an Aggregate Commitment Increase shall be in a minimum amount of $25,000,000, (ii) the Administrative Agent has approved the identity of any such new Lender, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed
or conditioned, (iii) any such new Lender assumes all of the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder, (iv) the aggregate amount of all such Aggregate Commitment Increases shall not exceed $450,000,000500,000,000 (for the avoidance of
doubt, after giving effect to the
FourthSeventh Amendment),
(v) the conditions described in Section 2.09(f) shall be satisfied and (vi) no Lender shall have any obligation to increase its Revolving Commitment in connection with any such Aggregate Commitment Increase requested by the Borrowers
hereunder. The Administrative Agent may, in consultation with the Borrower Representative, allocate the additional Revolving Commitments between U.S. Commitments and Canadian Commitments. 

(f) Any amendment hereto for such an Aggregate Commitment Increase shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and shall only require the written signatures of the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers and the Lender(s) being added or increasing their Revolving Commitment(s). As conditions precedent to such an increase, the Borrower
Representative shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party signed by an authorized officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the authorizations adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to
such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrowers, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, subject to Section 1.08, (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article III and the other Loan
Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that are already qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof or except to the
extent such representation or warranty relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), and (2) no Default exists. 

(g) In addition, the Borrowers shall have the right to request in connection with an Aggregate Commitment Increase that the Canadian Sublimit
be increased (a Canadian Sublimit Increase) through the increase by one or more Canadian Lenders of their Canadian Commitments or the addition of one or more new lending institutions as additional Canadian Lenders hereunder. Any
request for a Canadian Sublimit Increase shall be subject to the following conditions (which conditions shall be in addition to the conditions set forth in Sections 2.09(e) and 

72 

(f) above): (i) such request shall be submitted by the Borrower Representative to the Administrative Agent in writing not less than 15 days prior to the proposed dates of such Canadian
Sublimit Increase, (ii) the aggregate amount of the Canadian Sublimit Increase after the
FourthSeventh Amendment Effective
Date shall not exceed $25,000,000, (iii) the Borrowers shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent an amendment hereto in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent effecting such increase, which
amendment shall require only the signature of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lender(s) increasing their Canadian Commitments, (iv) the Borrowers shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party
signed by an authorized officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the authorizations adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrowers, certifying that, before and after
giving effect to such increase, subject to Section 1.08, (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article III and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality
qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that are already qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof or except to the extent such representation or warranty relates to an earlier date, in which case such
representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), and (2) no Default exists, and (v) no Lender shall have any obligation to increase its Canadian Commitment in connection with any such
Canadian Sublimit Increase requested by the Borrowers hereunder. 

(h) Within a reasonable time after the effective date of any Aggregate
Commitment Increase or Canadian Sublimit Increase, the Administrative Agent shall, and is hereby authorized and directed to, revise the Revolving Commitment Schedule to reflect such increase and shall distribute such revised Revolving
Commitment Schedule to each of the Lenders and the Borrowers, whereupon such revised Revolving Commitment Schedule shall replace the old Revolving Commitment Schedule and become part of this Agreement. On the Business Day following
any such Aggregate Commitment Increase, all outstanding ABR Loans and Canadian Prime Rate Loans shall be reallocated among the Lenders (including any newly added Lenders) in accordance with the Lenders respective revised Applicable
Percentages. SOFR Loans and Canadian CORRA Loans shall not be reallocated among the Lenders prior to the expiration of the applicable Interest Period in effect at the time of any such increase. 

SECTION 2.10 Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt. (a)(i) The U.S. Borrowers hereby unconditionally promise
to pay (A) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each U.S. Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each U.S. Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date, (B) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid principal amount of each U.S.
Protective Advance on the earlier of the Maturity Date and demand by the Administrative Agent and (C) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid principal amount of each U.S. Overadvance on the earliest of the Maturity Date, the forty-fifth
(45th) day after such U.S. Overadvance is made, and demand by the Administrative Agent; and (ii) the Canadian Borrowers hereby unconditionally promise to pay (A) to the
Administrative Agent for the account of each Canadian Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Canadian Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date, (B) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid amount of each Canadian Protective Advance on
the earlier of the Maturity Date and demand by the Administrative Agent and (C) to the Administrative Agent the then unpaid principal amount of each Canadian Overadvance on the earliest of the Maturity Date, the forty-fifth (45th) day after such Canadian Overadvance is made, and demand by the Administrative Agent. 

(b) On each Business Day during any Cash Dominion Period, (i) the Administrative Agent shall apply all funds credited to each U.S.
Collection Account on such Business Day or the immediately preceding Business Day (at the discretion of the Administrative Agent, whether or not immediately available) first to prepay any U.S. Protective Advances and U.S. Overadvances that
may be outstanding, pro rata, and second to prepay the U.S. Revolving Loans (including U.S. Swingline Loans) and to cash collateralize outstanding U.S. LC Exposure; and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall apply all funds credited to each
Canadian Collection Account on such Business Day or the immediately preceding Business Day (at the discretion of the Administrative Agent, whether or not immediately available) first to prepay any Canadian Protective Advances and Canadian
Overadvances that may be outstanding, pro rata, and second to prepay the Canadian Revolving Loans (including Canadian Swingline Loans) and to cash collateralize outstanding Canadian LC Exposure. 

(c) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrowers to
such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

73 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (A) the
amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (B) the amount of any principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from (i) the U.S. Borrowers to each U.S.
Lender or (ii) the Canadian Borrowers to each Canadian Lender, as applicable, hereunder and (C) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of (i) the U.S. Lenders and each U.S. Lenders
share or (ii) the Canadian Lenders and each Canadian Lenders share, as applicable, thereof. 

(e) The entries made in the
accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (c) or (d) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein subject to manifest error; provided that in the event of a
conflict between an account maintained pursuant to clause (c) and an account maintained pursuant to clause (d) of this Section, the account maintained under clause (d) shall control; provided further that the failure of any Lender or the
Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(f) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the applicable Borrowers shall prepare,
execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender and its registered assigns and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that the form attached hereto as Exhibit H is approved by the
Administrative Agent). Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to
the applicable Lender and its registered assigns. 

SECTION 2.11 Prepayment of Loans. (a) The Borrowers shall have the
right at any time and from time to time, without premium or penalty other than any break funding payments required in accordance with Section 2.16, to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with
paragraph (c) of this Section and subject to Section 12.01. 

(b) Except for Overadvances permitted under Section 2.05 and
subject to Section 2.23, in the event and on such occasion (including after any Revaluation Date) that (i) Aggregate Availability shall be less than zero, subject to Section 12.01, (ii) U.S. Availability shall be less than zero,
or (iii) Canadian Availability shall be less than zero, the Borrowers shall immediately prepay (or in the case of the LC Exposure, cash collateralize) the Revolving Loans, LC Exposure and/or Swingline Loans in an aggregate amount sufficient to
cause Aggregate Availability, U.S. Availability and Canadian Availability to no longer be less than zero. 

(c) In the event and on each
occasion that any Net Proceeds are received by or on behalf of any Loan Party in respect of any Prepayment Event during any Cash Dominion Period, the Borrowers shall, subject to Section 12.01, promptly, and in any event within two Business
Days, after such Net Proceeds are received by any Loan Party, prepay the Obligations as set forth in Section 2.11(d) below in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of such Net Proceeds (without any reduction in the Revolving Commitments),
provided that if any Permitted Term Debt is outstanding, any Net Proceeds with respect to any Prepayment Event which are clearly identifiable as proceeds of Term Loan Priority Collateral shall be remitted to the applicable Permitted Term Debt
Agent in accordance with and to the extent required by the applicable Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement. 

(d) All such amounts
pursuant to Section 2.11(c) shall be applied, first to prepay any Protective Advances and Overadvances that may be outstanding, pro rata, and second to prepay the Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) without a
corresponding reduction in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and to cash collateralize outstanding LC Exposure (in an amount up to 103% of the outstanding LC Exposure). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such application of proceeds from the
Collateral securing solely the Canadian Obligations shall be made solely in respect of the Canadian Obligations. 

(e) The Borrower
Representative shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by a Prepayment Notice delivered via facsimile or electronic mail) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a SOFR Revolving Borrowing or a
Canadian CORRA Revolving Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three (or, in the case of a Canadian CORRA Revolving Borrowing, two) Business Days before the date of prepayment, or (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR
Revolving Borrowing or a Canadian Prime Rate Revolving Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each
Borrowing or portion 

74 

thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments as contemplated by
Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent
shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02.
Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Revolving Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13. 

SECTION 2.12 Fees. (a) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment
fee, which shall commence to accrue on the Fourth Restatement Date and shall be due and payable in arrears on the first Business Day of each April, July, October and January for the immediately prior quarter at the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate on
the average daily amount of the Available Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Fourth Restatement Date to but excluding the date on which such Lenders Revolving Commitment terminates. Accrued commitment
fees shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each April, July, October and January and on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Fourth Restatement Date. All
commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed. 

(b) The
(i) U.S. Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each U.S. Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in U.S. Letters of Credit and (ii) Canadian Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative
Agent for the account of each Canadian Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Canadian Letters of Credit, which, in each case, shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to SOFR
Loans on the average daily amount of such Lenders applicable LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Fourth Restatement Date to but excluding the later
of the date on which such Lenders Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Revolving Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure. In addition, each Borrower agrees to pay to the applicable Issuing Bank with respect to each Letter
of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower by such Issuing Bank a fronting fee in an amount separately agreed upon between the Borrowers and the applicable Issuing Bank but in any event not more than 0.125% per annum on the face amount
of each Letter of Credit, as well as the applicable Issuing Banks standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees accrued through and
including the last day of each calendar month shall be payable on the first day of each calendar month following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Fourth Restatement Date; provided that all such fees shall be
payable on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Fronting fees in respect of any Letter of Credit shall be payable on
the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit and on the date of any renewal thereof. Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand. All participation fees shall be computed on
the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed. 

(c) The Borrowers agree to pay to the
Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. 

(d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the
applicable Issuing Bank in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 

SECTION 2.13 Interest. (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the
Applicable Rate for such Type of Loan. 

(b) The Loans comprising each Term SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to
Term SOFR plus the Applicable Rate for SOFR Loans. The Loans comprising each Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate for SOFR Loans. 

75 

(c) The Loans comprising each Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing shall bear interest at the
Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Rate for such Type of Loan. 

(d) The Loans comprising each Term CORRA Borrowing shall bear
interest at Adjusted Term CORRA for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate for such Type of Loan. The Loans comprising each Daily Compounded CORRA Borrowing shall bear interest at Adjusted Daily Compounded CORRA
plus the Applicable Rate for such Type of Loan. 

(e) Each Protective Advance and each Overadvance shall bear interest at the Canadian
Prime Rate, if denominated in Canadian Dollars, or at the Alternate Base Rate, if denominated in dollars, plus the Applicable Rate for corresponding Revolving Loans plus 2% per annum. 

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or the Required
Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower Representative (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 9.02 requiring the consent of each Lender affected
thereby for reductions in interest rates), declare that (i) all Loans shall bear interest at 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loans as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any
other amount outstanding hereunder, such amount shall accrue at 2% above the rate applicable to such fee or other obligation, if any, as provided hereunder. 

(g) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the
Revolving Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR
Loan or a Canadian Prime Rate Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of
any SOFR Loan or Canadian CORRA Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 

(h) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate
Base Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate, Term CORRA or the Daily Compounded CORRA shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed. The applicable
Alternate Base Rate, Canadian Prime Rate, CORRA, Daily Simple SOFR, Daily Compounded CORRA, Canadian Benchmark or Term Benchmark shall be determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest
error. 

(i) For purposes of disclosure pursuant to the Interest Act (Canada), the annual rates of interest or fees to which the
rates of interest or fees provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and stated herein or therein, as applicable, to be computed on the basis of 360 days or any other period of time less than a calendar year) are equivalent are the
rates so determined multiplied by the actual number of days in the applicable calendar year and divided by 360 or such other period of time, respectively. 

SECTION 2.14 Alternate Rate of Interest; Illegality. (a) If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a SOFR
Borrowing or Canadian CORRA Borrowing, the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Relevant Rate applicable to such Borrowing for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or
Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period, then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower Representative and the Lenders by telephone, facsimile or
electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower Representative and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (A) any Interest Election Request
that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a SOFR Borrowing or Canadian CORRA Borrowing shall be ineffective and any such SOFR Borrowing or Canadian CORRA Borrowing, as applicable,
shall be repaid or converted into an ABR Borrowing (in the case of a Borrowing in dollars) or a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing (in the case of a Borrowing in Canadian Dollars) on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto,
and (B) if any Borrowing Request requests (1) a SOFR Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing and (2) a Canadian CORRA Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing. 

76 

(b) [Reserved]; 

(c) If any Lender determines that any Requirement of Law has made it unlawful, or if any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is
unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain, fund or continue any Term Benchmark Borrowings, Canadian Benchmark Borrowings, Daily Simple SOFR Borrowings or Daily Compounded CORRA Borrowings, or any Governmental
Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to maintain, fund or continue any Loans whose interest is determined by reference to any Relevant Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon any Relevant
Rate, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower Representative (through the Administrative Agent), any obligations of such Lender to make, maintain, fund or continue such Term Benchmark Loans, Canadian Benchmark Loans, Daily
Compounded CORRA Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans, as applicable, or to convert ABR Borrowings or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings, as applicable, to Term Benchmark Borrowings, Canadian Benchmark Loans, Daily Compounded CORRA Borrowings or Daily
Simple SOFR Borrowings, as applicable, will be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the
Borrowers will upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), either convert or prepay all applicable Term Benchmark Borrowings, Canadian Benchmark Borrowings, Daily Compounded CORRA Borrowings or Daily Simple SOFR
Borrowings of such Lender to ABR Borrowings or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings, as applicable, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Borrowings, Canadian Benchmark
Borrowings, Daily Compounded CORRA Borrowings or Daily Simple SOFR Borrowings, as applicable, to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Borrowings, Canadian Benchmark Borrowings, Daily
Compounded CORRA Borrowings or Daily Simple SOFR Borrowings, as applicable. Upon any such conversion or prepayment, the Borrowers will also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted or prepaid. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, (x) upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event, then (A) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for
all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and
(B) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes
hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted the proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and
the Borrower Representative so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders and (y) upon the occurrence of a Canadian Benchmark
Transition Event, then (A) if a Canadian Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Canadian Benchmark Replacement for such Canadian Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark
Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this
Agreement or any other Loan Document and (B) if a Canadian Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Canadian Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such
Benchmark Replacement will replace such Canadian Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Canadian Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the
Administrative Agent has posted the proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower Representative so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising
the Required Lenders. 

No Swap Agreement shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.14(d). 

In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement or a Canadian Benchmark Replacement, the
Administrative Agent will have the right, in consultation with the Borrower Representative, to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing
such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

77 

The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower Representative and the Lenders of
(i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement or a Canadian Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement
or a Canadian Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower Representative of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark pursuant to this Section 2.14(d) and
(y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period or Canadian Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders)
pursuant to this Section 2.14(d), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any
selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required
pursuant to this Section 2.14(d). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time
(including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement or a Canadian Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark is a term rate (including any Term Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark) and
either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or
(B) the administrator of such Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for
such Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the Administrative Agent may
modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings or Canadian Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or
non-aligned tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement or
Canadian Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO)
Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement or Canadian Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar
or analogous definition) for all Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

Upon the Borrower Representatives receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period or Canadian Benchmark
Unavailability Period, as applicable, the Borrower Representative may revoke any pending request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, Canadian Benchmark Borrowing, Daily Compounded CORRA Borrowings or a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing, as applicable, of,
conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans, Canadian Benchmark Loans, Daily Compounded CORRA Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans, as applicable, to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period or Canadian
Benchmark Unavailability Period, as applicable, and, failing that, the Borrower Representative will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans (or Canadian Prime Rate Loans as
applicable). During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or Canadian Benchmark Unavailabilty Period, or at any time that any tenor for the then-current Benchmark or Canadian Benchmark is not an Available Tenor or a Canadian Available Tenor, as
applicable, (i) the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR and (ii) the component of Canadian Prime Rate based upon the
then-current Canadian Benchmark or such tenor for such Canadian Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Canadian Prime Rate. 

Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.14(d)
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent
manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14(d). 

78 

SECTION 2.15 Increased Costs. 

(a) If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including pursuant to regulations issued from time to time by the Federal
Reserve Board for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, special, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities
in Regulation D)), special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender; 

(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses
(b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on (or measured by) net income or are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit,
commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 

(iii)
impose on any Lender any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender; 

and the result of any
of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan, or to increase the cost to such Lender, or to
reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or other Recipient, the Borrower Representative will pay to such
Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(a) If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender, any of its applicable lending offices or its
holding company or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital for such Lender or its holding company or such
Issuing Bank or its holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters
of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or its holding company or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such
Lenders or its holding companys policies or such Issuing Banks or its holding companys policies, as applicable, with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then subject to Section 12.01 from time to time the
Borrowers will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or its holding company or such Issuing Bank or its holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(b) A certificate of a Lender or Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or its
holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower Representative and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender or Issuing
Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 

(c) Failure or delay on
the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrowers shall not be
required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower
Representative of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such
increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

79 

SECTION 2.16 Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any
principal of any SOFR Loan or Canadian CORRA Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any SOFR Loan or Canadian CORRA Loan other than on the
last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any SOFR Loan or Canadian CORRA Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may
be revoked under Section 2.09(c) and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the assignment of any SOFR Loan or Canadian CORRA Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by
the Borrower Representative pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the U.S. Borrowers shall compensate each U.S. Lender and the Canadian Borrowers shall compensate each Canadian Lender, as applicable, for the loss, cost and expense
incurred by such Lender that is attributable to such event. In the case of a SOFR Loan or Canadian CORRA Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of
(i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Relevant Rate that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day
of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such
principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period to such SOFR Loan from other banks in the eurodollar market,
or for Canadian Dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period to such Canadian CORRA Loan from other banks in the Canadian market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant
to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower Representative and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no payments shall be due under this Section 2.16 in connection with the Second Amendment. 

SECTION 2.17 Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up. 

(a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be
made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from
any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance
with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings
applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers. The Borrowers shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with
applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(c) Evidence of
Payment. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt
issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(d) Indemnification by the Borrowers. Subject to Section 12.01, the Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each
Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or
required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or
asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Loan Party by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or
on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

80 

(e) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the
Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such
Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a
Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses
arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by
the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the
Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 

(f) Status of Lenders. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to
payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent and at the time or times prescribed
by applicable law, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent or prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a
reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower
Representative or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), 2.17(f)(ii)(B) and 2.17(f)(ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the
Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is a U.S. Person, 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent on or prior to
the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such
Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally
entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and
from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party
(x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest
article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the
business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

81 

(2) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming that its extension of credit
will generate U.S. effectively connected income, executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(3) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender
claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 to the effect that such Non-U.S. Lender is not a bank
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of a Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in
Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or 

(4) to the extent a Non-U.S. Lender is not the beneficial owner of payments made under any Loan Document, executed copies of
IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of
Exhibit C-2 or Exhibit C-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Non-U.S. Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect
partners of such Non-U.S. Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Non-U.S. Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect
partner; 

(C) any Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower
Representative and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and
from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S.
federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by
FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower
Representative and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including
as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent to
comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D),
FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Fourth Restatement Date. 

Each Lender agrees that if any
form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal
inability to do so. 

(iii) On or prior to the date that the Administrative Agent (and any successor thereto) becomes a
party to this Agreement, and from time to time as reasonably requested by the Borrower Representative, (x) if the Administrative Agent is a U.S. Person, it shall provide the Borrower Representative executed copies of IRS Form W-9, or
(y) if the Administrative Agent is not a U.S. Person, (A) it shall provide the Borrower Representative with executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI with respect to fees, interest or other payments received on its own behalf and any such other
documentation prescribed by applicable law that would allow the Borrower Representative to make payments to it without deduction or withholding of any U.S. federal withholding Taxes and (B) it shall provide the Borrower Representative with
executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY (or successor form) certifying that it is either (1) a qualified intermediary and that it assumes primary withholding responsibility under Chapters 3 and 4 of the Code and primary Form 1099
reporting and 

82 

backup withholding responsibility for fees, interest or other payments it receives for the account of others or (2) a U.S. branch and that the fees, interest or other payments it
receives for the account of others are not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the U.S. and that it is using such form as evidence of its agreement with the Borrower to be treated as a United States person with respect
to such payments (and the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent agree to so treat the Administrative Agent as a United States person with respect to such payments as contemplated by U.S. Treasury Regulations
Section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)(A)), with the effect that the Borrower Representative can make payments to the Administrative Agent without deduction or withholding of any Taxes imposed by the United States. 

(g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a
refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund
(but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any
interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus
any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the
indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had
never been paid. This paragraph (g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

(h) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the
Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

(i) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term
applicable law includes FATCA. 

SECTION 2.18 Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Set-offs.
(a) The Borrowers shall make each payment required to be made by them hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 3:00
p.m., New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent be deemed to have been received on
the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 745 Seventh Avenue, except (i) payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or
Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein shall be made to such Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, and (ii) payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The
Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient, in like funds, promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a
Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in
the currency in which the applicable Obligations are denominated (subject to the proviso set forth in the first sentence of Section 1.05), and, if not otherwise specified, in dollars. 

(b) Subject to Section 12.01 (and subject at any time that any Permitted Term Debt is outstanding, to the terms of the applicable
Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement), any proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent so elects, or the Required Lenders so direct, shall
be applied ratably (based in respect of each of the following separate categories, computed independently of the other categories, on each Lender Partys interest in the aggregate specific type of outstanding Secured Obligations described
within (and only within) each specific category of Secured 

83 

Obligations listed respectively below) first, to pay any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements including amounts then due to the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank from the
Borrowers (other than in connection with Banking Services or Swap Agreement Obligations), second, to pay any fees or expense reimbursements then due to the Lenders from the Borrowers (other than in connection with Banking Services or Swap
Agreement Obligations), third, to pay interest due in respect of Swingline Loans, Overadvances and Protective Advances, fourth, to pay the principal of Swingline Loans, Overadvances and Protective Advances, fifth, to pay
interest then due and payable on the Loans (other than Swingline Loans, Overadvances and Protective Advances), sixth, to prepay principal on the Loans (other than Swingline Loans, Overadvances and Protective Advances) and unreimbursed LC
Disbursements, seventh, to pay to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to one-hundred-three percent (103%) of the U.S. LC Exposure and an amount equal to one-hundred-three percent (103%) of the Canadian LC Exposure, as
applicable, to be held as cash collateral for such Obligations, eighth, to pay any amounts owing to the Lenders and their Affiliates with respect to Specified Foreign Credit Extensions up to and including the amount most recently provided to
the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.22, ninth, to pay any amounts owing to the Lenders and their Affiliates with respect to Banking Services up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent
pursuant to Section 2.22, Swap Agreement Obligations up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.22 and Foreign Credit Extensions (other than Specified Foreign Credit Extensions),
and tenth, to pay any other Secured Obligation due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by the Borrowers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received from any Loan Party shall not be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such
Loan Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, unless so directed by the Borrower Representative, or unless an Event of Default is in existence, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall apply any
payment which it receives to any SOFR Loan or Canadian CORRA Loan of a Class, except (a) on the expiration date of the Interest Period applicable to any such SOFR Loan or such Canadian CORRA Loan or (b) in the event, and only to the
extent, with respect to Canadian CORRA Loans, that there are no outstanding Canadian Prime Rate Loans of the same Class, and with respect to SOFR Loans, that there are no outstanding ABR Loans of the same Class and, in any such event, the Borrowers
shall pay the break funding payment required in accordance with Section 2.16. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and reverse and reapply any and all such proceeds and payments to any
portion of the Secured Obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing but subject to Section 9.20, any such application of proceeds from Collateral securing solely the Canadian Obligations shall be made solely in respect of Canadian Obligations.

(c) At the election of the Administrative Agent, all payments of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, fees, premiums, reimbursable
expenses (including, without limitation, all reimbursement for fees and expenses pursuant to Section 9.03), and other sums payable under the Loan Documents, may be paid from the proceeds of Borrowings made hereunder whether made following a
request by the Borrower Representative pursuant to Section 2.03 or a deemed request as provided in this Section or may be deducted from any deposit account of any Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent. Each Borrower hereby
irrevocably authorizes (i) the Administrative Agent to make a Borrowing for the purpose of paying each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents and agrees that all such
amounts charged shall constitute Loans (including Swingline Loans and Overadvances, but such a Borrowing may only constitute a Protective Advance if it is to reimburse costs, fees and expenses as described in Section 9.03) and that all such
Borrowings shall be deemed to have been requested pursuant to Sections 2.03, 2.04 or 2.05, as applicable and (ii) the Administrative Agent to charge any deposit account of any Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent for each
payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents. 

(d) If any Lender
shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater
proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face
value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal
of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such
participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be 

84 

construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrowers pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the
assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall
apply). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of
set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

(e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower Representative prior to the date on which any payment is due
to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or an Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrowers will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrowers have made such payment on such date in accordance herewith
and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrowers have not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the
case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to
but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate (in the case of dollar denominated amounts) or the Canadian Overnight Rate (in the case of Canadian Dollar denominated amounts) and a
rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

(f) If any Lender shall
fail to make any payment required to be made by it hereunder, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the
account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and apply any such amounts to,
any future funding obligations of such Lender hereunder; application of amounts pursuant to (i) and (ii) above shall be made in such order as may be determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 

(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless requested otherwise by the Canadian Borrowers (i) no Borrowings shall be made to a Canadian
Borrower for the purpose of paying any U.S. Obligations; and (ii) deposit accounts of the Canadian Borrowers may only be charged to pay Canadian Obligations. 

SECTION 2.19 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 

(a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14 or 2.15, or if the Borrowers are required to pay any additional amount to any
Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its
rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.14, 2.15 or 2.17, as
the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The U.S. Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable costs and expenses
incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) If any Lender requests compensation under
Section 2.14 or 2.15, or if the Borrowers are required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the
Borrowers may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in
Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the
Borrowers shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding
principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued
interest and fees) or the 

85 

Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.14 or 2.15 or payments required to be
made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or
otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (x) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and
Assumption executed by the Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Electronic System as to which the
Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (y) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the
terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable
Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 

(c) If any Lender
requests compensation under Section 2.14 or 2.15, or if the Borrowers are required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, the Lender shall first use
reasonable efforts to mitigate its costs or the effects of the applicable law or Change in Law, and any request for additional compensation shall specify in sufficient detail the reasons therefor and the mitigating actions taken. 

SECTION 2.20 Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a
Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 

(a) fees shall cease to
accrue on the unfunded portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a); 

(b) such
Defaulting Lender shall not have the right to vote on any issue on which voting is required (other than to the extent expressly provided in Section 9.02(b)) and the Revolving Commitment and Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be
included in determining whether all Lenders or the Required Lenders or the Supermajority Revolving Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to Section 9.02), provided
that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender which affects such Defaulting Lender differently than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; 

(c) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 

(i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the
non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only (x) to the extent that the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower
Representative shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have represented that such conditions are satisfied at such time) and (y) to the extent the sum of all non-Defaulting
Lenders Credit Exposures plus such Defaulting Lenders Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitments; 

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrowers shall
within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Defaulting Lenders Swingline Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure (after giving effect to
any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(k) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; 

(iii) if the Borrowers cash collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure pursuant to clause
(ii) of this Section 2.20(c), the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting
Lenders LC Exposure is cash collateralized; 

86 

(iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated
pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 2.20(c), then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable
Percentages; or 

(v) if all or any portion of any Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is neither cash collateralized nor
reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.20(c), then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the applicable Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder, all facility fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely
with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lenders Aggregate Revolving Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC
Exposure shall be payable to the applicable Issuing Bank until such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is cash collateralized and/or reallocated; 

(d) no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure will
be 100% covered by the Revolving Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrowers in accordance with Section 2.20(c), and participating interests in any such newly issued or increased Letter of
Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.20(c)(i) (and Defaulting Lenders shall not participate therein); and 

If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to the Parent of any Lender shall occur following the Fourth Restatement Date
and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to
extend credit, the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit and the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan, unless the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be,
shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrowers or such Lender, satisfactory to the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, to defease any risk in respect of such Lender hereunder; 

(e) in the event and on the date that each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lenders agrees that
a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the other Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lenders Revolving
Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance
with its Applicable Percentage. 

(f) For purposes of any covenant which permits or restricts actions by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary
of a Loan Party or calculates compliance with financial covenants or any other provision of this Agreement, in each case, based in whole or in part upon the calculation of Aggregate Availability, U.S. Availability, Canadian Availability or Combined
Availability, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, Aggregate Availability, U.S. Availability, Canadian Availability and Combined Availability shall be calculated (i) as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all
outstanding Borrowings and (ii) including such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitment in the same manner as if such Lender were not a Defaulting Lender. 

SECTION 2.21 Returned Payments. If after receipt of any payment which is applied to the payment of all or any part of the
Obligations, the Administrative Agent or any Lender is for any reason compelled to surrender such payment or proceeds to any Person because such payment or application of proceeds is invalidated, declared fraudulent, set aside, determined to be void
or voidable as a preference, impermissible setoff, or a diversion of trust funds, or for any other reason, then the Obligations or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued and this Agreement shall continue in full force
as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by the Administrative Agent or such Lender. The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall be and remain effective notwithstanding any contrary action which may have been taken by the
Administrative Agent or any Lender in reliance upon such payment or application of proceeds. The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

87 

SECTION 2.22 Banking Services and Swap Agreements. Each Lender or Affiliate
thereof providing Banking Services for, or having Swap Agreements with, any Loan Party, or providing Foreign Credit Extensions to any Foreign Subsidiary, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, promptly after entering into such Banking Services,
Swap Agreements or Foreign Credit Extensions, written notice setting forth the aggregate amount of all Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement Obligations of such Loan Party to such Lender or Affiliate or the aggregate amount of all Foreign
Credit Extensions by such Lender to such Foreign Subsidiary, as applicable (in each case, whether matured or unmatured, absolute or contingent). In furtherance of that requirement, each such Lender or Affiliate thereof shall furnish the
Administrative Agent, from time to time after a significant change therein or upon a request therefor, a summary of the amounts due or to become due in respect of such Banking Services Obligations, Swap Agreement Obligations and Foreign Credit
Extensions. The most recent information provided to the Administrative Agent shall be used in determining which tier of the waterfall, contained in Section 2.18(b), such Banking Services Obligations, Swap Agreement Obligations and/or Foreign
Credit Extensions will be placed. 

SECTION 2.23 Excess Resulting From Exchange Rate Change. (a) With respect to the
Canadian Commitments, at any time following one or more fluctuations in the exchange rate of the Canadian Dollar against the dollar, (i) the aggregate Canadian Revolving Exposure of the Canadian Lenders exceeds the lesser of: (A) the
Canadian Borrowing Base plus U.S. Availability, or (B) (x) the Canadian Sublimit minus (y) the sum of (1) the Priority Payables Reserve, (2) the Rent Reserve and (3) the Wage Earner Protection Act Reserve, or
(ii) the aggregate Canadian Obligations exceeds any other limit based on dollars set forth herein for such Canadian Obligations, the Canadian Borrowers shall (A) if such excess is an aggregate amount that is less than $1,000,000 and such
excess continues to exist in an aggregate amount less than $1,000,000 for at least five Business Days, within two Business Days of notice from the Administrative Agent, (B) if such excess is in an aggregate amount that is greater than or equal
to $1,000,000 but less than $5,000,000, within two Business Days of notice from the Administrative Agent, or (C) if such excess is in an aggregate amount greater than or equal to $5,000,000 or if any Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, immediately, (x) make the necessary payments or repayments to reduce such Canadian Obligations to an amount necessary to eliminate such excess or (y) maintain or cause to be maintained with the Administrative Agent (for the
benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties) deposits as continuing collateral security for the Canadian Obligations in an amount equal to or greater than the amount of such excess, such deposits to be maintained in such form and upon such terms as are
acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Without in any way limiting the foregoing provisions, the Administrative Agent shall, weekly or more frequently in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, make the necessary exchange rate calculations
to determine whether any such excess exists on such date and advise the Borrowers if such excess exists. 

(b) With respect to the U.S.
Commitments, at any time following one or more fluctuations in the exchange rate of any LC Alternative Currency against the dollar, (i) the sum of the aggregate U.S. Revolving Exposure of the U.S. Lenders plus the Canadian U.S. Borrowing
Base Utilization exceeds the lesser of: (A) the U.S. Borrowing Base, or (B) (x) the total U.S. Commitments minus (y) the sum of (1) the Priority Payables Reserve, (2) the Rent Reserve and (3) the Wage Earner
Protection Act Reserve, or (ii) the aggregate U.S. Obligations exceeds any other limit based on dollars set forth herein for such U.S. Obligations, the U.S. Borrowers shall (A) if such excess is an aggregate amount that is less than
$1,000,000 and such excess continues to exist in an aggregate amount less than $1,000,000 for at least five Business Days, within two Business Days of notice from the Administrative Agent, (B) if such excess is in an aggregate amount that is
greater than or equal to $1,000,000 but less than $5,000,000, within two Business Days of notice from the Administrative Agent, or (C) if such excess is in an aggregate amount greater than or equal to $5,000,000 or if any Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, immediately, (x) make the necessary payments or repayments to reduce such U.S. Obligations to an amount necessary to eliminate such excess or (y) maintain or cause to be maintained with the Administrative Agent
(for the benefit of the Lender Parties) deposits as continuing collateral security for the Obligations in an amount equal to or greater than the amount of such excess, such deposits to be maintained in such form and upon such terms as are acceptable
to the Administrative Agent. Without in any way limiting the foregoing provisions, the Administrative Agent shall, weekly or more frequently in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, make the necessary exchange rate calculations to
determine whether any such excess exists on such date and advise the Borrowers if such excess exists. 

(c) If one or more of the U.S.
Borrowers provide cash collateral to secure obligations related to U.S. Letters of Credit that are denominated in an LC Alternative Currency (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.06(k), 2.10(b) or 2.18(b)) and, as a result
of fluctuations in the applicable exchange rate between dollars and the applicable LC Alternative Currency, the Dollar Amount in dollars of cash collateral held by the Administrative 

88 

Agent is less than the specified amount of cash collateral so required to be maintained by the U.S. Borrowers, the U.S. Borrowers shall, promptly following a request therefor by the
Administrative Agent, deposit in the LC Collateral Account an additional amount of cash collateral in dollars equal to such shortfall to be held as cash collateral in accordance with Section 2.06(k). 

ARTICLE III. Representations and Warranties

Each of Holdings and each Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that (and by its execution of the Loan Guaranty to which it is a
party, each other Loan Party represents and warrants to the Lenders that): 

SECTION 3.01 Organization; Powers. Each of the Loan
Parties is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and is qualified to do business in, and is in
good standing in, every jurisdiction where the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.02 Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within each Loan Partys organizational powers and have been
duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders. The Loan Documents to which each Loan Party is a party have been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and constitute a legal, valid and
binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of
equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

SECTION 3.03 Governmental Approvals; No
Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and
except for filings necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to any Loan Party, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any Material Indebtedness, or
give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Loan Party, (d) will not violate the certificate of incorporation, by-laws, memorandum of association, management, operating or partnership agreement or other
organizational documents of any Loan Party, and (e) except where failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party,
except Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents. 

SECTION 3.04 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect. The
financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(b), present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of, as applicable Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries or Anixter, Inc.
and its consolidated subsidiaries, in each case as of the dates and periods specified in Section 4.01(b) in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the quarterly financial
statements referred to in Section 4.01(b). 

(a) No event, change or condition has occurred that has had, or could reasonably be
expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect, since December 31, 2019. 

SECTION 3.05 Properties. (a) As of the Fourth
Restatement Date, Schedule 3.05 sets forth the address of each parcel of real property that is owned or leased by any Loan Party and at which ABL Priority Collateral is located. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, (x) each of such leases and subleases is valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect (subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws
affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered a proceeding in equity or at law), and (y) no default by any Loan Party to any such lease or sublease exists. Each Loan
Party and each Restricted Subsidiary has good and indefeasible title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its real and personal property, except where the failure to have such title or interests, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Such real and personal property is free of all Liens other than those permitted by Section 6.02. 

89 

(b) Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks,
tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property necessary to its business as currently conducted, and the use thereof by the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries does not infringe in any material respect upon the rights of
any other Person, and the Loan Parties rights thereto are not subject to any licensing agreement or similar arrangement, except in each case where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.06 Litigation and Environmental Matters. (a) There are no actions, suits
or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened in writing against or affecting the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries (i) which could reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions. 

(b) Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no Loan Party nor any Restricted Subsidiary has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability and
(ii) no Loan Party nor any Restricted Subsidiary (A) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law or (B) has become
subject to any known Environmental Liability. 

(c) Since the Fourth Restatement Date, there has been no change in the status of the
Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted, or could reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.07 Compliance with Laws and Agreements. 

(a) Each Loan Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property and all
indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and
is continuing. 

(b) Subject to Section 3.07(d), no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any Sanctions applicable
to the Loan Parties. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director or officer, or any employee, or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, agent or Affiliate of, any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a Sanctioned Person. No Loan
Party nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any director or officer of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (i) has its assets located in a Sanctioned Country in violation of Sanctions or (ii) derives
revenues from investments in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons in violation of Sanctions. 

(c) Subject to Section 3.07(d),
none of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents violates the Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws. Furthermore, no Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is a Canadian Blocked Person and, to the actual knowledge of each
Loan Party, no Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof engages in any dealings or transactions, or is otherwise associated, with a Canadian Blocked Person. 

(d) The representations and warranties provided for in Sections 3.07(b) and (c) shall only apply to any Loan Party and any of its respective Subsidiaries which is bound by any Blocking Regulation insofar as the giving thereof and compliance therewith do not and
will not result in a violation of or conflict with or liability under any Blocking Regulation to which such
Loan Party or its respective Subsidiary is subject. 

SECTION 3.08
Investment Company Status. No Loan Party nor any Restricted Subsidiary is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

SECTION 3.09 Taxes. Each Loan Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and
reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by or with respect to it, except (a)(i) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (ii) for which
such Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves, or (b) to the extent the failure to file such Tax returns or pay such Taxes could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. No Liens for Taxes (other than Permitted Encumbrances) have been filed with respect to any such Taxes. 

90 

SECTION 3.10 ERISA; Canadian Pension Plans. (a) No ERISA Event has occurred
or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all
accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 715-30) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting
such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan by an amount that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Each Canadian Loan Party and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with the requirements of the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario) and
other federal or provincial laws with respect to each Canadian Pension Plan, except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No fact or situation that may reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect exists in connection with any Canadian Pension Plan. No Pension Event has occurred which has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in any Loan Party incurring any liability which would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. Except where failure to comply with the following clauses (i) through (iv) would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) all contributions required to be made by a Loan Party
or any of its Subsidiaries under the Canadian Union Plans have been made in the amounts and in the manner set forth in the applicable collective agreement, (ii) as of the Fourth Restatement Date, except as set forth on
Schedule 3.10, each Canadian Pension Plan has no solvency deficiency and is funded as required under the most recent actuarial valuation filed with the applicable Governmental Authority pursuant to generally accepted actuarial practices
and principles, (iii) all contributions (including employee contributions made by authorized payroll deductions or other withholdings) required to be made to the appropriate funding agency in accordance with all applicable laws and the terms of
each Canadian Pension Plan have been made in accordance with all applicable laws and the terms of each Canadian Pension Plan, and (iv) all contributions required to be made by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries under the Canadian Union
Plans have been made, and the sole obligation of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries under any Canadian Union Plan is to make contributions to the Canadian Union Plan, in the amounts and in the manner set forth in the applicable collective
agreement. 

SECTION 3.11 Disclosure. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information (other than projections,
forward-looking statements and statements of a general economic nature) furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (as
modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to the Projections and any other projected financial information or forecasts, the Borrowers and Holdings represent only that such information and materials have
been prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were believed by the Loan Parties to be reasonable at the time delivered and, if such projected financial information was delivered prior to the Fourth
Restatement Date, as of the Fourth Restatement Date, it being understood and agreed that such Projections and such other projected financial information or forecasts are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the
control of the Loan Parties, and as such, such Projections and other projected financial information or forecasts are not a guarantee of financial performance and actual results may differ from such Projections and other projected financial
information or forecasts and such differences may be material. 

SECTION 3.12 [Reserved]. 

SECTION 3.13 Solvency. (a) Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Fourth Restatement Date,
(i) the fair value of the assets of the U.S. Borrowers, taken as a whole, at a fair valuation, will exceed their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of the U.S.
Borrowers, taken as a whole, will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and
matured; (iii) the U.S. Borrowers, taken as a whole, will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; (iv) the 

91 

U.S. Borrowers, taken as a whole, will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which they are engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be
conducted after the Fourth Restatement Date, and (v) no Canadian Borrower shall be an insolvent person as such term is defined in the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada). 

(b) Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Fourth Restatement Date, (i) the fair value of the assets of
the Canadian Borrowers, taken as a whole, at a fair valuation, will exceed their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Canadian Borrowers, taken as a whole,
will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) the Canadian
Borrowers, taken as a whole, will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (iv) the Canadian Borrowers, taken as a whole, will not have
unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which they are engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted after the Fourth Restatement Date. 

(c) Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Fourth Restatement Date, (i) the fair value of the assets of
the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, at a fair valuation, will exceed their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, will be greater
than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) the Loan Parties, taken as a
whole, will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (iv) the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, will not have unreasonably small capital with
which to conduct the business in which they are engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted after the Fourth Restatement Date. 

(d) The Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) do not intend to incur debts beyond their ability to pay such debts
as they mature, taking into account the timing of and amounts of cash to be received by the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) and the timing of the amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of the Indebtedness of
the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries (taken as a whole). 

SECTION 3.14 Insurance. Schedule 3.14 sets
forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and the Subsidiaries as of the Fourth Restatement Date. As of the Fourth Restatement Date, all premiums in respect of such insurance have been paid. The Loan Parties
believe that the insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties is adequate. 

SECTION 3.15 Capitalization and
Subsidiaries. As of the Fourth Restatement Date, Schedule 3.15 sets forth (a) an organizational chart of Holdings and its Subsidiaries showing the name and relationship of each and all of Holdings Subsidiaries to Holdings,
(b) a true and complete listing of each class of each of the Loan Parties authorized Equity Interests, of which all of such issued shares are validly issued, outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable (to the extent such concepts are
applicable), and, in the case of the Loan Parties (other than Holdings) and their Subsidiaries, owned beneficially and of record by the Persons identified on Schedule 3.15, and (c) the type of entity of Holdings and each of its
Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries). All of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests owned by any Loan Party have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and
are fully paid and non-assessable. 

SECTION 3.16 Security Interest in Collateral. Subject to the Certain Funds Provisions, the
provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents create legal and valid Liens on all the Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Parties and the Canadian Lender Parties, as the case may be, and upon
filing of any UCC financing statements (or the equivalent under the PPSA) as necessary, and the taking of actions or making of filings with respect to Intellectual Property registrations, such Liens constitute perfected and continuing Liens on the
Collateral to the extent perfection can be obtained by the filing of an initial UCC financing statement (or the equivalent under the PPSA) or an Intellectual Property registration, securing the Secured Obligations, enforceable against the applicable
Loan Party, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered 

92 

in a proceeding in equity or at law, and having priority over all other Liens on the Collateral except in the case of (a) Permitted Encumbrances, to the extent any such Permitted
Encumbrances would have priority over the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to any applicable law or agreement, (b) Liens perfected only by possession (including possession of any certificate of title) to the extent the
Administrative Agent has not obtained or does not maintain possession of such Collateral, and (c) other Liens permitted under Section 6.02 and, solely with respect to the ABL Priority Collateral, to the extent such Liens are expressly
permitted to be senior in priority to the Liens of the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 3.17 Employment Matters. As of the
Fourth Restatement Date, there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, threatened. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties and the Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Standards Act (Ontario) or any other applicable federal,
provincial, territorial, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters. All payments due from any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, on account of
wages, vacation pay, and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, including with respect to the Canada Pensions Plans, have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the Loan Party or such Subsidiary, except where the
failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.18 [Reserved]. 

SECTION 3.19 Other Indebtedness. The execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents and the making of the Loans hereunder do not violate the terms of the Senior Notes Indentures or the Receivables Securitization Agreements. 

SECTION 3.20 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; USA PATRIOT ACT. 

(a) Subject to Section 3.20(d), each Loan Party has, in its reasonable business judgment, implemented and maintains in effect policies
and procedures designed to ensure compliance in all material respects by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws applicable to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries
and applicable Sanctions, and such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and, to the knowledge of such Loan Party, its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws applicable to the Loan
Parties and their Subsidiaries and applicable Sanctions, in each case, in all material respects and are not engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in any Loan Party being designated as a Sanctioned Person. 

(b) None of (i) any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors,or officers or employees, or (ii) to the knowledge of any such Loan Party or Subsidiary, any employee or agent of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary that will
act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. 

(c) No
Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds, Transaction or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 

(d) The representations and warranties provided for in Section 3.20(a) shall only apply to any Loan Party and any of its respective Subsidiaries which is bound by any Blocking Regulation insofar as the giving thereof and compliance therewith do not and
will not result in a violation of or conflict with or liability under any Blocking Regulation to which such
Loan Party or its respective Subsidiary is subject. 

(e) The Loan Parties
and each of their Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act, in each case,
applicable to
which the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries are subject. To the knowledge of the Borrower Representative,
the information included in the most recent Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to the Administrative Agent is true and correct in all material respects. 

93 

SECTION 3.21 Affected Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an EEA Financial
Institution. 

SECTION 3.22 Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed
to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any
Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 

SECTION 3.23 Margin Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loans made on the Fourth Restatement Date will be used by the
Borrowers in violation of any Regulations of the Board of Governors, including Regulations T, U and X. 

SECTION 3.24 Outbound Investment Rules. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder will not result in a covered
transaction as that term is used in the Outbound Investment Rules. No Borrower currently engages, or has any present intention to engage in the future, directly or indirectly, in any prohibited transaction as that term is used in
the Outbound Investment Rules, and no Borrower currently engages, or has any present intention to engage in the future, directly or indirectly, in any activity that would cause the Administrative Agent or any Lender to be in violation of the
Outbound Investment Rules or cause the Administrative Agent or any Lender to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement.

Each of the representations and warranties set forth above in this Article III shall be deemed to be made by the Loan Parties on the
Fourth Restatement Date, on the date of each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit and at any other time specified in any Loan Document or other document, certificate or instrument delivered in
connection with any Loan Document. It is understood and agreed for purposes of this paragraph that, with respect to representations and warranties made or deemed made on the date of any Borrowing, any such representation or warranty which by its
terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation or warranty already qualified or modified by materiality, in all respects) only as of such specified date.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Article III shall be subject to the last paragraph in Article VII. 

ARTICLE IV. Conditions 

SECTION 4.01 Fourth Restatement Date. Subject to the Certain Funds Provisions, the amendment and restatement of the Existing
Credit Agreement and the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance
with Section 9.02): 

(a) Credit Agreement and Loan Documents; Legal Opinions. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall
have received (i) from each party hereto either (A) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (B) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or other
electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement and (ii) duly executed copies of the Loan Documents, including any promissory notes requested by a Lender pursuant
to Section 2.10 payable to each such requesting Lender and its registered assigns and written opinions of the Loan Parties counsel, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, it being understood that such legal opinions shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent if in form and substance consistent with those delivered on the Third Restatement Date. 

(b) Financial Statements and Projections. The Lenders shall have received (i) audited consolidated financial statements of
Holdings and of Anixter, respectively, consisting of balance sheets as of the last date of each of the two fiscal years of each entity ended at least 90 days prior to the Fourth Restatement Date and income statements and statements of
stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years of each entity ended at least 

94 

90 days prior to the Fourth Restatement Date and an unqualified audit report relating to such financial statements of Anixter, (ii) unaudited consolidated financial statements of
Holdings and of Anixter, respectively, consisting of balance sheets and income statements and statements of cash flows of each entity as of the last day of and for the most recently completed fiscal quarter ended at least 45 days before the
Fourth Restatement Date, or, in the case of the statement of cash flows, for the period from the beginning of the most recently completed fiscal year ended at least 90 days before the Fourth Restatement Date to the last day of the most recently
completed fiscal quarter ended at least 45 days before the Fourth Restatement Date (all of which shall have been reviewed by the independent accountants for Holdings or Anixter (as applicable) as provided in AU 722), in each case other than
with respect to any quarter-end that is also a fiscal year-end, and (iii) (a) a pro forma consolidated statement of income of Holdings and its subsidiaries for the most recently completed fiscal year ended at least 90 days
before the Fourth Restatement Date, (b) (X) a pro forma consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently completed fiscal quarter ended at least 45 days before the Fourth
Restatement Date and (Y) a pro forma consolidated statement of income of Holdings and its subsidiaries for the period from the beginning of the most recently completed fiscal year ended at least 90 days before the Fourth Restatement
Date to the last day of the most recently completed fiscal quarter ended at least 45 days before the Fourth Restatement Date, together with, in the case of this clause (Y), a corresponding statement for the corresponding period of the
prior year and (c) a pro forma consolidated income statement for the 12-month period ended on the last day of the most recently completed fiscal quarter ended at least 45 days before the Fourth Restatement Date, or, if the most
recently completed fiscal period is the end of a fiscal year, ended at least 90 days before the Fourth Restatement Date, in each case prepared after giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred as of such date (in the
case of each such balance sheet) or at the beginning of such period (in the case of each such statement of income), which need not be prepared in compliance with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act or include adjustments for purchase accounting,
in each case, to the extent customary for bank financings of this type. Holdings and Anixters, as applicable, filing of any (a) required audited financial statements with respect to Holdings and of Anixter, as applicable, on Form 10-K or (b) required unaudited financial statements with respect to Holdings or Anixter, as applicable, on Form 10-Q, in each case, will satisfy the requirements under clauses (i) or (ii),
as applicable, of this Section 4.01(b). 

(c) Closing Certificates; Certified Certificate of Incorporation; Good Standing
Certificates. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Fourth Restatement Date and executed by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary, which shall (A) certify the resolutions of its
Board of Directors, members or other body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the Officers and any other officers of such
Loan Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (C) include as attachments thereto the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization of each Loan Party certified by the relevant authority of the
jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party (or officer of such Loan Party, as is customary in certain jurisdictions other than the United States) and a true and correct copy of its by-laws or operating, management or partnership agreement (or
other equivalent organizational documents), and (ii) a long form good standing certificate (or equivalent, as is customary in certain jurisdictions other than the United States), to the extent applicable, for each Loan Party from its
jurisdiction of organization. 

(d) Officers Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, signed
by a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative, stating that the conditions set forth in Sections 4.01(p), (q) and (r) have been satisfied. 

(e) Fees. The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid pursuant to the Commitment Letter
and the Fee Letter, and all reasonable expenses for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel and expenses relating to any field examination, collateral audit, or appraisal), at least two
Business Days before the Fourth Restatement Date. All such amounts will be paid on the Fourth Restatement Date. 

(f) Lien Searches.
The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a recent lien search in each of the jurisdictions where the Loan Parties are organized. 

(g) Funding Accounts. The Administrative Agent shall have received a notice from the Borrower Representative setting forth the deposit
account(s) of the Borrowers (the Funding Accounts) to which the Lender is authorized by the Borrowers to transfer the proceeds of any Borrowings requested or authorized pursuant to this Agreement. 

95 

(h) [Reserved]. 

(i) [Reserved]. 

(j)
Solvency. The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate from a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative as described in the Commitment Letter. 

(k) [Reserved]. 

(l)
Filings, Registrations and Recordings. Each document (including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement, PPSA financing statement or RDPRM recordation) required by the Collateral Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the
Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Parties or the Canadian Lender Parties, as the case may be, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described
therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 6.02), shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. 

(m) [Reserved]. 

(n)
[Reserved]. 

(o) USA PATRIOT Act, Etc. (i) Each Lender shall have received all documentation and other information
required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act or the Proceeds of Crime Act, for each Loan Party, to the extent requested in a
written notice to the Borrower Representative at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Fourth Restatement Date, and (ii) to the extent any Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership
Regulation, at least five (5) days prior to the Fourth Restatement Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower Representative at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Fourth Restatement Date, a Beneficial
Ownership Certification in relation to each Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth
in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 

(p) Concurrent Transactions. The Anixter Acquisition shall have been
consummated or will be consummated substantially concurrently with the Borrowings made on the Fourth Restatement Date. 

(q) No Material
Adverse Effect. Since the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents (as defined in the Anixter Acquisition Agreement), there shall not have occurred a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in
the Anixter Acquisition Agreement). 

(r) Representations and Warranties. (i) The Anixter Acquisition Agreement Representations
shall be true and correct in all respects on the Fourth Restatement Date and (ii) the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects on the Fourth Restatement Date (except, solely for purposes of this
clause (ii), for such representations already qualified by materiality or material adverse effect, which representations shall be true and correct in all respects). 

(s) Borrowing Request. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request in accordance with Section 2.03. 

(t) Notes Refinancing. The Borrower Representative shall have deposited sufficient funds to satisfy and discharge and/or repay or
redeem in full the 5.125% Senior Notes due 2021, issued pursuant to an indenture dated September 23, 2014 among Anixter, Inc., as the issuer, Anixter, as the guarantor and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, as amended and
supplemented from time to time, with such trustee. 

96 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.01, to the extent any
security interest in the Collateral or any deliverable related to the perfection of security interests in the Collateral, including any lien search, field examination, inventory appraisal and/or insurance certificate (other than any Collateral the
security interest in which may be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement (or the equivalent financing statement under the PPSA), or, solely with respect to security interests in Collateral consisting of certificated stock of
U.S.-organized entities, by the possession of stock certificates (or equivalent certificated equity interests)), is not or cannot be provided, delivered and/or perfected on the Fourth Restatement Date (1) without undue burden or expense or
(2) after the Borrower Representatives use of commercially reasonable efforts to do so, then the provision, delivery and/or perfection of such security interest(s) or deliverable shall not constitute a condition precedent to the
availability of the Revolver Facility on the Fourth Restatement Date but shall be required to be delivered no later than 90 days after the Fourth Restatement Date (or such later date as may be reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent). This
paragraph, and the provisions herein, shall be referred to as the Certain Funds Provisions. 

The Administrative Agent
shall notify the Borrowers and the Lenders of the Fourth Restatement Date on the Fourth Restatement Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 

SECTION 4.02 Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of each Issuing
Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit (other than (i) any Loan made or Letter of Credit issued, amended, renewed or extended on the Fourth Restatement Date and (ii) any Loan made prior to June 30July 15, 20242025, the proceeds of which are used
solely to repay or redeem the 2025 Senior
NotesPreferred Equity and pay fees and expenses in connection therewith (any such borrowing, a Notes Redemption Borrowing), is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects
(except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance,
amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material
respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects). 

(b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of
Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(c) After giving effect to any Borrowing or
the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit (i) U.S. Availability shall not be less than zero, (ii) Canadian Availability shall not be less than zero, and (iii) Aggregate Availability shall not be less than
zero. 

Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty
by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this Section. For the avoidance of doubt, while the conditions to each Credit Event shall not apply to a Notes RedemptionPreferred Equity Borrowing,
if after giving effect to such Borrowing, the condition set forth in clause (c) is not met, the Borrowers shall immediately prepay (or cash collateralcollateralize in the case of LC Exposure) Revolving Loans, LC Exposure and/or Swingline Loans as required by
Section 2.11(b). 

ARTICLE V. Affirmative Covenants

Until all the Revolving Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable
hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated (or have been cash collateralized in accordance with Section 2.06(k)) and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, Holdings and each
Borrower covenants and agrees, and Holdings shall cause each other Loan Party to covenant and agree, in each case (subject to Section 12.01) jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lender Parties that: 

97 

SECTION 5.01 Financial Statements; Canadian Borrowing Base; U.S. Borrowing Base and
Other Information. The Borrowers will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender): 

(a) within 90 days after
the end of each fiscal year of Holdings, (i) the audited consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year (in the same
format as the financial statements historically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission), setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by independent public accountants of
recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit other than any such qualification, commentary or exception resulting solely
from any upcoming maturity date of any of the Indebtedness occurring within one year from the end of the fiscal year to which such audit applies or with respect to any prospective, potential or actual breach of a financial covenant set forth in any
agreement governing Indebtedness) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, accompanied by any management letter prepared by said accountants, and (ii) the unaudited consolidating balance sheets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries and related consolidating statements of
operations as of the end of and for such year (which unaudited consolidating financial statements shall be in a format reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, it being understood that such financial statements may be delivered to the
Administrative Agent in electronic format), all certified by one of the Financial Officers of the Borrower Representative as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its
Subsidiaries on a consolidating basis; 

(b) within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Holdings (other than the last fiscal
quarter of a fiscal year), its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year (in the same format
as the financial statements historically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission), setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end
of) the previous fiscal year and showing all adjustments necessary to eliminate the results of all Unrestricted Subsidiaries, all certified by one of the Financial Officers of the Borrower Representative as presenting fairly in all material respects
the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 

(c) during any Monthly Financial Statement Trigger Period, within 30 days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings (other than months
which are the last month of a fiscal quarter), its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, cash flows, and other reports, as of the end of and for such fiscal month and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting
forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year and showing all adjustments necessary to eliminate the results of all
Unrestricted Subsidiaries, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 

(d) concurrently
with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a), (b) or (c) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative in substantially the form of Exhibit C (i) certifying, in the case of the
financial statements delivered under clause (b) or (c), as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with
GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, (ii) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or
proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (iii) in the case of certificates provided concurrently with the delivery of financial statements under clauses (a) and (b) above, setting forth reasonably detailed calculations of the Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio (x) demonstrating compliance with Section 6.12 if a Fixed Charge Coverage Trigger Period is then in effect or (y) for informational purposes only if a Fixed Charge Coverage Trigger Period is not then in effect,
(iv) in the case of the financial statements delivered under clause (b), setting forth a reasonably detailed calculation of the Secured Leverage Ratio, (v) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since
the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 4.01(b)(i) and, if any such 

98 

change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate, and (vi) certifying, in the case of the certificate delivered
concurrently with the financial statements under clause (a) above, a list of names of all Excluded Subsidiaries and Unrestricted Subsidiaries at such time and that each Subsidiary set forth on such list qualifies as an Excluded Subsidiary or
Unrestricted Subsidiary, as the case may be; 

(e) as soon as available, but in any event not more than 45 days after the end of each
fiscal year of Holdings, a copy of the plan and forecast (including a projected consolidated and consolidating balance sheet, income statement and statement of cash flows) of Holdings and its Restricted Subsidiaries for each quarter of the upcoming
fiscal year (the Projections) in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(f) as soon as available
but in any event within 20 days after the end of each calendar quarter (or, (i) within 20 days after the end of each calendar month during any Monthly Reporting Trigger Period or (ii) by Wednesday of each week, with respect to the most
recently ended calendar week during any Weekly Reporting Trigger Period), and at such other times as may be requested by the Administrative Agent, as of the period then ended, Borrowing Base Certificates which calculate the Aggregate Borrowing Base,
the U.S. Borrowing Base, and the Canadian Borrowing Base, and supporting information in connection therewith, together with any additional reports with respect to the Canadian Borrowing Base and the U.S. Borrowing Base as the Administrative Agent
may reasonably request; 

(g) as soon as available but in any event within 20 days after the end of each calendar quarter (or, within 20
days after the end of each calendar month during any Monthly Reporting Trigger Period), and at such other times as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, as of the period then ended, all delivered
electronically in a text formatted file acceptable to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) a summary aging of the Canadian
Borrowers Accounts, including all invoices aged by invoice date or due date (with an explanation of the terms offered) prepared in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, together with a detailed aging specifying the name,
address, and balance due for each Account Debtor, if requested by the Administrative Agent; 

(ii) a schedule detailing the
Borrowers Inventory, in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent by location (showing Inventory in transit, any Inventory located with a third party under any consignment, bailee arrangement, or warehouse agreement) which Inventory shall
be valued at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in, first-out basis) or market and adjusted for Reserves as the Administrative Agent has previously indicated to the Borrower Representative are deemed by the Administrative Agent to be
appropriate, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, such schedule to also provide detailing of the Borrowers Inventory by class (raw material, work-in-process and finished goods), by product type, and by volume on hand and include a
report of any variances or other results of Inventory counts performed by the Borrowers since the last Inventory schedule (including information regarding sales or other reductions, additions, returns, credits issued by Borrowers and complaints and
claims made against the Borrowers); 

(iii) a worksheet of calculations prepared by the Borrowers to determine Eligible
Accounts and Eligible Inventory, such worksheets detailing the Accounts and Inventory excluded from Eligible Accounts and Eligible Inventory and the reason for such exclusion; 

(h) as soon as available but in any event within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter (or, within 20 days after the end of each
calendar month during any Monthly Reporting Trigger Period), and at such other times as may be requested by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, as of the period then ended, all delivered electronically in a text formatted file
acceptable to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) a summary aging of the U.S. Borrowers Accounts, including all invoices
aged by invoice date or due date (with an explanation of the terms offered) prepared in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, together with a detailed aging specifying the name, address, and balance due for each Account Debtor,
if requested by the Administrative Agent; 

99 

(ii) a reconciliation of the Borrowers Accounts and Inventory between
the amounts shown in the Borrowers general ledger and financial statements and the reports delivered pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above; and 

(iii) a reconciliation of the loan balance per the Borrowers general ledger to the loan balance under this Agreement;

(i) as soon as available but in any event within 20 days after the end of each calendar quarter (or, within 20 days after the end of each
calendar month during any Monthly Reporting Trigger Period), and at such other times as may be requested by the Administrative Agent, a summary of the Borrowers accounts payable, delivered electronically in a text formatted file acceptable to
the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion; 

(j) promptly upon the Administrative Agents request during a Weekly Reporting
Trigger Period, the Borrowers sales journal, cash receipts journal (identifying trade and non-trade cash receipts) and debt memo/credit journal; 

(k) within 20 days after each June 30, an updated list of customers from certain divisions of the Borrowers as requested by the
Administrative Agent in form and with such details that are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which shall be certified as true and correct in all material respects by a senior officer of the Borrower Representative; 

(l) [reserved]; 

(m) promptly
upon the Administrative Agents request but no more frequently than once each calendar quarter, a list of all Swap Agreements and amendments to Swap Agreements, in each case, having a term of 60 or more days, entered into by any Loan Party,
which list shall include the estimated exposure of the Loan Parties under each such Swap Agreement and the counterparty party thereto; 

(n) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by
any Loan Party with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Ontario Securities Commission or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commissions, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by
any Loan Party to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; 

(o) promptly after the request by any Lender, all documentation and
other information that such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under (i) applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PatriotPATRIOT Act and the AML Legislation,
and (ii) the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and 

(p) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the
operations, business affairs and financial condition of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 

SECTION 5.02 Notices of Material Events. The Borrowers will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender)
prompt (but in any event within any time period specified below) written notice of the following: 

(a) the occurrence of any Default or
Event of Default; 

(b) receipt of any notice of any governmental investigation or any litigation or proceeding commenced or threatened
against any Loan Party that (i) seeks damages in excess of
$75,000,000the Threshold Amount,
(ii) is asserted or instituted against any Plan or any Canadian Pension Plan, its fiduciaries or its assets an amount in excess of $75,000,000the Threshold Amount, (iii) alleges criminal misconduct by any Loan Party, (iv) alleges the violation of any law
regarding, or seeks remedies in connection with, any Environmental Laws to the extent such results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, damages or liabilities in excess of
$75,000,000the Threshold Amount, or
(v) contests any tax, fee, assessment, or other governmental charge in excess of
$75,000,000the Threshold Amount;

100 

(c) any Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances and Liens in favor of the Administrative
Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties or the Canadian Lender Parties, as the case may be)) or claim made or asserted in writing against ABL Priority Collateral having a value in excess of $75,000,000the Threshold Amount, upon any
Loan Partys knowledge of such Lien or claim; 

(d) any loss, damage, or destruction to the ABL Priority Collateral in thean amount of $75,000,000 or morein excess of the Threshold
Amount, whether or not covered by insurance; 

(e) any and all default notices in writing received with respect to any
leased location or public warehouse where ABL Priority Collateral having a value in excess of
$75,000,000the Threshold Amount is
located; 

(f) the occurrence of any ERISA Event or Pension Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events and Pension Events
that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $75,000,000the Threshold Amount; and 

(g) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Information required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 or Section 5.02 (to the extent any such information is included in materials otherwise
filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which such materials are publicly available as posted on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval
system (EDGAR); or (ii) on which such documents are posted on a Borrowers behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or
whether made available by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (A) upon written request by the Administrative Agent (or any Lender through the Administrative Agent) to the Borrower Representative, the Borrower Representative shall
deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or such Lender until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (B) the Borrower Representative shall notify the
Administrative Agent and each Lender (by fax or through Electronic Systems) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent through Electronic Systems electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. The
Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by any Borrower with any such request by a
Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents to it and maintaining its copies of such documents. 

The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks materials and/or
information provided by or on behalf of the Loan Parties hereunder (collectively, Loan Party Materials) by posting the Loan Party Materials on the Electronic System and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public
Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and
other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Loan Parties hereby agree that they will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Loan Party Materials that may be distributed to the
Public Lenders and that (w) all such Loan Party Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof;
(x) by marking the Loan Party Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower Representative shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders to treat such Loan Party Materials as not containing any
material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Loan Parties for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Loan Party Materials
constitute Information (as defined in Section 9.12), they shall be treated as set forth in Section 9.12); (y) all Loan Party Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the
Electronic System designated Public Investor; and (z) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat any Loan Party Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the
Electronic System not designated Public Investor. 

101 

SECTION 5.03 Existence; Conduct of Business. Each Loan Party will, and will
cause each Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary) to, (a) (i) do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and to maintain
December 31 as the last day of its fiscal year (or if such Subsidiary has a last day of a fiscal year other than December 31 as of the date of its acquisition, such last day of its fiscal year applicable to such Subsidiary as of the date
of such acquisition), (ii) do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, franchises, governmental authorizations, intellectual property rights,
licenses and permits material to the conduct of its business, and (iii) maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except where the failure to comply with clauses
(ii) and (iii) of Section 5.03 would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the foregoing in this clause (a) shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, amalgamation, sale,
disposition, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 or otherwise permitted under this Agreement and (b) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise
as it is presently conducted and any similar or related lines of business and logical extensions thereof. 

SECTION 5.04 Payment of
Obligations. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, pay or discharge all Material Indebtedness and all other material liabilities and obligations, including Taxes, before the same shall become delinquent or in
default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and such Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in
accordance with GAAP or (b) the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 5.05 Maintenance of Properties. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each material Restricted Subsidiary to, keep and
maintain all property material to the conduct of its business, taken as a whole, in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. 

SECTION 5.06 Books and Records; Inspection Rights. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary
to, keep their books of record and account in accordance with GAAP and permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent (including employees of the Administrative Agent, or any consultants, accountants, lawyers and appraisers
retained by the Administrative Agent), upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition
with its officers and independent accountants; provided that (a) the Administrative Agent shall give the Borrower Representative an opportunity to participate in any discussions with its accountants, (b) in the absence of the
existence of an Event of Default, (i) only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 5.06 and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall not
exercise its rights under this Section 5.06 more often than two times during any period of twelve consecutive months; and (iii) when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent or any Lender and its respective designees may do any
of the foregoing at the expense of the Loan Parties at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice. The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Administrative Agent, after exercising its rights of inspection, may prepare and
distribute to the Lenders certain Reports pertaining to the Loan Parties and their assets for internal use by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 

SECTION 5.07 Compliance with Laws. 

(a) Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, comply with each Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property
(including without limitation Environmental Laws), except, in each case, where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Subject to Section 5.07(c), each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply with all applicable Sanctions.
Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries has implemented and will maintain in effect policies and procedures designed, in such Loan Partys reasonable business judgment, to ensure compliance in all material respects by such Loan Party, its
Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, in each case, in all material respects. 

102 

(c) The covenants provided for in Section 5.07(b) shall only apply to any Loan
Party and any of its respective Subsidiaries which is bound by any Blocking Regulation insofar as the giving thereof and compliance therewith do not and
will not result in a violation of or conflict with or liability under any Blocking Regulation to which such
Loan Party or its respective Subsidiary is subject. 

SECTION 5.08
Use of Proceeds. 

(a) The proceeds of the Loans will be used only (i) on the Fourth Restatement Date, to finance the
Transactions and pay fees and expenses related thereto and (ii) after the Fourth Restatement Date, for working capital needs and for general corporate purposes of the Borrowers and their Restricted Subsidiaries, to fund Permitted Acquisitions,
to fund permitted Restricted Payments, to fund payments, repurchases and prepayments of Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement, to refinance existing Indebtedness and to fund Intercompany Loans and capital contributions to be made by Loan
Parties and certain of their Restricted Subsidiaries to other Loan Parties. No part of the proceeds of any Loan and no Letter of Credit will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations
of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. Furthermore, the Borrowers will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Loans or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any
Person currently the subject of any Sanctions where such financing would result in a violation of any Sanctions, or for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political
office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business to obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the UK Bribery Act 2010 or any similar Laws applicable to
which the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries are subject. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of
clause (t) of the definition of Eligible Accounts, Section 2.06(a), Section 3.07, Section 3.20, Section 5.07 and this Section 5.08 shall not be interpreted to contravene, or require any notification to the Attorney General
of Canada under, the Foreign Extraterritorial Measures (United States) Order, 1992, by any Canadian Borrower, any Canadian Loan Guarantor or any Canadian Subsidiary. 

(b) No Borrower will request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall use, and each Borrower shall procure that its
Subsidiaries and its and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or
giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person or
in any Sanctioned Country, in each case, in violation of Sanctions, or (c) in any other manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 

SECTION 5.09 Insurance. The Loan Parties (taken as a whole) will maintain with financially sound and reputable carriers having a
financial strength rating of at least A- by A.M. Best Company (a) insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such risks (including loss or damage by fire and loss in transit; theft, burglary, pilferage, larceny,
embezzlement, and other criminal activities; business interruption; and general liability) and such other hazards, as is customarily maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or
similar locations and (b) all insurance required pursuant to the Collateral Documents. The Borrowers will furnish to the Lenders, upon request of the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion, information in reasonable detail as to the
insurance so maintained. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Loan Partys insurance carrier at any time becomes insolvent or its financial strength weakens such that such insurance carrier loses the
ratings described herein, such event shall not constitute a breach of this Section 5.09 provided that the Loan Parties replace such insurance carrier with a carrier that meets the requirements of this Section 5.09 within sixty
(60) days (or such longer period as shall be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion). 

SECTION 5.10
Casualty and Condemnation. The Borrowers will ensure that the Net Proceeds of any casualty or other insured damage to any ABL Priority Collateral (whether in the form of insurance proceeds, condemnation awards or otherwise) are collected and
applied in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents. 

103 

SECTION 5.11 Appraisals; Field Examinations. (a) Upon request by the
Administrative Agent (in its Permitted Discretion or at the direction of the Required Lenders), the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties will provide the Administrative Agent with up to two appraisals or updates thereof of their Inventory during any
period of twelve consecutive months from an appraiser selected and engaged by the Administrative Agent, and prepared on a basis satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, such appraisals and updates to include, without limitation, information
required by applicable law and regulations; provided, however, that (i) if Average Utilization for the most recent fiscal quarter was less than or equal to twenty percent (20%), the Required Lenders may not direct the Administrative
Agent to conduct any such appraisal, (ii) if Average Utilization for the most recent fiscal quarter was greater than twenty percent (20%), the Required Lenders may direct that the Administrative Agent conduct only one such appraisal during any
period of twelve consecutive months, and (iii) if Average Utilization for the most recent fiscal quarter was greater than twenty percent (20%) and Aggregate Availability falls below twenty percent (20%) of the Aggregate Revolving
Commitments, the Required Lenders may direct that the Administrative Agent conduct up to two such appraisals during any period of twelve consecutive months; provided further that, if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
there shall be no limit on the number or frequency of appraisals conducted. 

(b) Upon request by the Administrative Agent (in its
Permitted Discretion or at the direction of the Required Lenders), the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties will allow the Administrative Agent to conduct up to two field examinations or updates thereof during any period of twelve consecutive months
and during normal business hours to ensure the adequacy of Collateral included in the Canadian Borrowing Base or the U.S. Borrowing Base and related reporting and control systems; provided, however, that (i) if Average Utilization for
the most recent fiscal quarter was less than twenty percent (20%), the Required Lenders shall not have the right to direct the Administrative Agent to conduct any such field examination, (ii) if Average Utilization for the most recent fiscal
quarter was greater than twenty percent (20%), the Required Lenders may direct that the Administrative Agent conduct only one such field examination during any period of twelve consecutive months, and (iii) if Average Utilization for the most
recent fiscal quarter was greater than twenty percent (20%) and Aggregate Availability falls below twenty percent (20%) of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, the Required Lenders may direct that the Administrative Agent conduct up to two
such field examinations during any period of twelve consecutive months; provided, further, that if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, there shall be no limit on the number or frequency of field examinations conducted.

SECTION 5.12 Depository Banks; Control Agreements. 

(a) The U.S. Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors) will at all times maintain the U.S. Cash Management Bank as
their principal depository bank, including for the maintenance of operating, administrative, cash management, collection activity, and other Deposit Accounts for the conduct of their business. The Canadian Loan Parties will at all times maintain the
Canadian Cash Management Bank as their principal depository bank, including for the maintenance of operating, administrative, cash management, collection activity, and other Deposit Accounts for the conduct of its business. 

(b) On or before the date which is one hundred twenty (120) days following the Fourth Restatement Date, to the extent that the Loan
Parties have not already done so in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement (i) the U.S. Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors) will cause the U.S. Cash Management Bank to enter into a Control Agreement with
respect to all Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) maintained by the U.S. Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors) with the U.S. Cash Management Bank as of the Fourth Restatement Date,
(ii) the Canadian Loan Parties will cause the Canadian Cash Management Bank to enter into a Control Agreement with respect to all Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) maintained with the Canadian Loan Parties
at the Canadian Cash Management Bank as of the Fourth Restatement Date and (iii) the Loan Parties will cause each other depository bank or other institution at which any Deposit Account or Securities Account (other than Excluded Accounts) is
maintained as of the Fourth Restatement Date to enter into a Control Agreement with respect to such Deposit Account or Securities Account. 

(c) The Loan Parties will obtain, within 60 days after the establishment of any Deposit Account or Securities Account (other than an Excluded
Account) or Lock Box (or such later date as agreed to by the Administrative Agent), a Control Agreement with respect to such Deposit Account, Securities Account or Lock Box. 

104 

(d) If any Deposit Account, Securities Account or Lock Box is acquired in connection with a
Permitted Acquisition, to the extent such Deposit Account, Securities Account or Lock Box does not constitute an Excluded Account, the Loan Parties will, within one hundred twenty (120) days after the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition
(or such later date as agreed to by the Administrative Agent), either (x) obtain a Control Agreement with respect to such Deposit Account, Securities Account or Lock Box, or (y) close such Deposit Account, Securities Account or Lock Box.

(e) The U.S. Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors) will, substantially contemporaneously with any change in
the U.S. Cash Management Bank, to the extent not already obtained, obtain a Control Agreement from the successor U.S. Cash Management Bank. The Canadian Loan Parties will, substantially contemporaneously with any change in the Canadian Cash
Management Bank, to the extent not already obtained, obtain a Control Agreement from the successor Canadian Cash Management Bank. 

(f) At
all times during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Period (i) the U.S. Cash Management Bank shall be required to remit to the U.S. Collection Account on a daily basis (A) all available funds on deposit in any Deposit Account (other than
an Excluded Account) maintained by the U.S. Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors) with the U.S. Cash Management Bank and (B) collections and other similar payments relating to or constituting payments made in
respect of Accounts of the U.S. Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors) received by the U.S. Cash Management Bank, including any such items remitted to any Deposit Account which is subject to a Control Agreement and
maintained or controlled by the U.S. Cash Management Bank (provided that the disbursement of payments received in respect of Accounts that have been sold to WESCO Receivables shall be subject to the provisions of the Receivables Intercreditor
Agreement), and (ii) the Canadian Cash Management Bank shall be required to remit to the Canadian Collection Account on a daily basis (A) all available funds on deposit in any Deposit Account (other than an Excluded Account) maintained by
the Canadian Loan Parties with the Canadian Cash Management Bank and (B) collections and other similar payments relating to or constituting payments made in respect of Accounts of the Canadian Loan Parties received by the Canadian Cash
Management Bank, including any such items remitted to any Deposit Account which is subject to a Control Agreement and maintained or controlled by the Canadian Cash Management Bank. 

(g) The Borrower Representative agrees that with respect to any individual Deposit Account, Securities Account or Lock Box holding an amount
greater than $20,000,000, the Borrower Representative shall provide prompt written notice to the Administrative Agent of any such Deposit Account, Securities Account or Lock Box after the acquisition or establishment thereof to the extent such
Deposit Account, Securities Account or Lock Box is not subject to a Control Agreement.

SECTION 5.13 Additional Collateral; Further
Assurances. (a) Subject to applicable law, each Loan Party shall cause each of its Domestic Subsidiaries (other than any Domestic Subsidiary constituting an Excluded Subsidiary, an Unrestricted Subsidiary or a CFC Subsidiary Holding
Company) formed or acquired after the Fourth Restatement Date in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to become a U.S. Loan Party by executing (i) a U.S. Security Agreement (or a joinder to the U.S. Security Agreement) and (ii) in
the case of such Domestic Subsidiary that is to become a U.S. Borrower, the Joinder Agreement set forth as Exhibit D hereto (the Joinder Agreement). In connection with the execution and delivery of any such Joinder
Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information regarding such newly formed or acquired Subsidiaries reasonably requested in writing to comply with the applicable know your customer rules
and regulations, including the USA
PatriotPATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Upon execution and
delivery thereof, each such Person (i) shall automatically become a U.S. Borrower or U.S. Loan Guarantor hereunder, as specified by such Person at the time of execution of such Joinder Agreement or separate U.S. Loan Party Guaranty, and
thereupon shall have all of the rights, benefits, duties, and obligations in such capacity under the Loan Documents and (ii) will grant Liens to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Parties, in all personal property of a type
required to be encumbered pursuant to the Collateral Documents. 

(b) Subject to applicable law, Holdings, the Canadian Borrowers
and each other Canadian Loan Party shall cause each of their Subsidiaries (other than any Subsidiary constituting an Excluded Subsidiary, or an Unrestricted Subsidiary) formed or acquired after the Fourth Restatement Date that is organized under the
laws of Canada or any province thereof or is a CFC Subsidiary Holding Company that owns a Subsidiary organized under the laws of Canada or any province thereof to become a Canadian Loan Party by executing (A) a Canadian Guarantee and a Canadian
Security Agreement (which Canadian Security Agreement shall, among other things, pledge 100% of the Equity Interests in each such Subsidiary and grant a security interest in all the personal property of a type required to

105 

be encumbered pursuant to the Collateral Documents, the foregoing to be in a form substantially similar to the Canadian Security Agreement) that secures repayment of the Canadian Obligations and
(B) in the case of any Subsidiary that is to become a Canadian Borrower, a Joinder Agreement, in each case, together with such other documentation and filings that the Administrative Agent may reasonably require in order to perfect its first
priority security interest in the assets subject to the terms of such security agreement. 

(c) To secure the prompt payment and
performance of all U.S. Secured Obligations, Holdings, each Domestic Subsidiary that is a U.S. Loan Party and each Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantor will cause (i) 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each Domestic
Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary, an Unrestricted Subsidiary, a CFC Subsidiary Holding Company or any other Subsidiary that is a special purpose entity which has no assets other than real property) that is formed or acquired after the
Fourth Restatement Date, (ii) 65% of the Equity Interests constituting the total combined classes of Equity Interests entitled to vote in each Canadian Subsidiary and each first-tier Foreign Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Foreign
Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary) or CFC Subsidiary Holding Company that is formed or acquired after the Fourth Restatement Date, and (iii) 100% of the non-voting Equity Interests of each first-tier Foreign Subsidiary (other than an
Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary) or CFC Subsidiary Holding Company that is formed or acquired after the Fourth Restatement Date, to become subject to a perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit
of the U.S. Lender Parties) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents or other security documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request within thirty (30) days of the formation or acquisition of such Subsidiary.

(d) To secure the prompt payment and performance of all Canadian Secured Obligations, Holdings and each Subsidiary that is a Canadian
Loan Party will cause 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each Canadian Subsidiary acquired after the Fourth Restatement Date (other than any Canadian Subsidiary constituting an Excluded Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary),
to be subject at all times to a perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Canadian Lender Parties) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents or other security documents as the Administrative Agent
shall reasonably request. 

(e) Without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, execute
and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Administrative Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, and
other documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01, as applicable), which may be required by law or which the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents, all at the expense of the Loan Parties. 

(f) If any assets constituting personal property of a type required to be encumbered under the Collateral Documents (other than equity of a
Domestic Subsidiary or Canadian Subsidiary constituting an Excluded Subsidiary, an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any other Subsidiary that is a special purpose entity which has no material assets other than real property) are acquired by any Loan Party
(other than assets constituting Collateral under the U.S. Security Agreement or the Canadian Security Agreement that become subject to the Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties or the Canadian Lender
Parties, as the case may be) upon acquisition thereof), the Borrower Representative will promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, the Borrowers will
cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien in favor of Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lender Parties or the Canadian Lender Parties, as the case may be) securing the U.S. Secured Obligations and/or the Canadian Secured Obligations, as
applicable, and will take, and cause the applicable Loan Parties to take, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (c) of
this Section, all at the expense of the Loan Parties. 

(g) If either (i) the aggregate revenues of all Immaterial Domestic
Subsidiaries and Immaterial Canadian Subsidiaries, as of end of any fiscal year, constitute 15% or more of the consolidated revenues of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such period or (ii) the aggregate consolidated assets of all Immaterial
Domestic Subsidiaries and Immaterial Canadian Subsidiaries, as of end of any fiscal year, constitute 15% or more of the consolidated total assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, in each case as reflected on the
most recent annual 

106 

or quarterly consolidated financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, then, the Loan Parties (A) shall submit a written notice (a Designated Immaterial Subsidiary
Notice) to the Administrative Agent designating one or more Immaterial Domestic Subsidiaries and/or Immaterial Canadian Subsidiaries as Subsidiaries which shall no longer constitute Excluded Subsidiaries (any such Subsidiary so designated
being a Designated Immaterial Subsidiary) such that, after giving effect to such designation, (x) the aggregate revenues of all Immaterial Domestic Subsidiaries and Immaterial Canadian Subsidiaries, as of end of such fiscal
year (calculated for purposes of this clause (x) on a pro forma basis as if each such Designated Immaterial Subsidiary had not been an Excluded Subsidiary at any time during such fiscal year), constitute less than 15% of the consolidated
revenues of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such period and (y) the consolidated total assets of all Immaterial Domestic Subsidiaries and Immaterial Canadian Subsidiaries, as of end of such fiscal year (calculated for purposes of this clause
(y) on a pro forma basis as if each such Designated Immaterial Subsidiary had not been an Excluded Subsidiary as the last day of such fiscal year), constitute less than 15% of the consolidated total assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of
the end of such fiscal year and (B) shall cause each such Designated Immaterial Subsidiary to become a U.S. Loan Guarantor (in the case of a Designated Immaterial Subsidiary which is a Domestic Subsidiary) or a Canadian Loan Guarantor (in the
case of a Designated Immaterial Subsidiary which is a Canadian Subsidiary) and shall, and shall cause each such Designated Immaterial Subsidiary to, execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent all Joinder Agreements, guarantees, Collateral
Documents and other agreements and documents and shall take, and cause each such Designated Immaterial Subsidiary to take, such other actions as shall be necessary or which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to comply with this clause
(i) and clauses (a) through (f) of this Section 5.13 as to each such Designated Immaterial Subsidiary (it being understood for avoidance of doubt that, solely for purposes of this clause (B), in determining compliance with such
clauses (a) through (f) of this Section 5.13, each such Designated Immaterial Subsidiary shall be treated as if it had been acquired or formed by the Loan Parties as of the date of delivery of the Designated Immaterial Subsidiary Notice
with respect thereto). 

SECTION 5.14 Covenants Regarding Accounts. In the ordinary course of its business, the U.S. Loan
Parties and WESCO Receivables process their Accounts in a manner such that (i) each payment received by each U.S. Loan Party or WESCO Receivables in respect of an Account is allocated to a specifically identified invoice, which invoice
corresponds to a particular Account owing to such U.S. Loan Party or WESCO Receivables, and (ii) in the event that, at any time, less than 100% of the Accounts of the U.S. Loan Parties are sold to WESCO Receivables under the Receivables
Securitization Agreements, payments received in respect of those Accounts that are sold to WESCO Receivables under the Receivables Securitization Agreements would be identifiable and separate from payments received in respect of Accounts that are
not sold to WESCO Receivables under the Receivables Securitization Agreements. No Canadian Loan Party shall enter into any Receivables Securitization or any other similar financing or transaction at any time. 

SECTION 5.15 Post-Closing Covenants. The Borrower Representative shall, within the time periods specified on Schedule 5.15
(or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), comply with the provisions set forth on Schedule 5.15. 

ARTICLE VI. Negative Covenants

Until all of the Revolving Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and
other amounts payable under any Loan Document have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated (or have been cash collateralized in accordance with Section 2.06(k)) and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed,
Holdings and each Borrower covenants and agrees, and Holdings shall cause each other Loan Party to covenant and agree, in each case (subject to Section 12.01) jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lender Parties
that: 

SECTION 6.01 Indebtedness. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, incur or suffer
to exist any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) the Secured Obligations; 

(b) Indebtedness existing on the Fourth Restatement Date (i) constituting intercompany indebtedness with an outstanding principal amount
not in excess of $25,000,000 or (ii) as set forth in Schedule 6.01 (which scheduled Indebtedness shall include the Senior Notes)
and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such 

107 

Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) hereof; provided that, notwithstanding the provisions of clause (f), Indebtedness
incurred to extend, renew or replace the 2025 Senior Notes shall be deemed to meet the requirements of clause (f) hereof and permitted under this clause (b) if (x) the net cash proceeds of such Indebtedness are applied to repay
(A) the Obligations and (B) the Indebtedness of WESCO Receivables under the Receivables Securitization Agreements and (y) the 2025 Senior Notes are repaid on or before June 30, 2024;

(c) Indebtedness of WESCO Receivables under the Receivables Securitization Agreements
(including for greater certainty any replacement thereof); 

(d) Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary of a Loan
Party incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including equipment (whether or not constituting purchase money Indebtedness), including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in
connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) hereof; provided
that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (d) shall not
exceed the greater of
$100,000,000150,000,000 and 10% of
EBITDA at any time outstanding; 

(e) Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary secured by a Lien on any real property
(including any fixtures, equipment or other fixed or capital assets located at any such real property) and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) hereof; provided that (i) the Loan
Party or Restricted Subsidiary has used commercially reasonable efforts to obtain an access agreement with respect to any such property subject to a Lien, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent, from the holder of such
Indebtedness (it being understood that to the extent such an access agreement is not obtained, Administrative Agent may establish a Reserve in its Permitted Discretion); (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness permitted
by this clause (e) shall not at any time exceed an amount equal to 85% of the value of real estate owned or hereafter acquired by such Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary; and (iii) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the
time any such Indebtedness is incurred, or would result therefrom; 

(f) Indebtedness which represents an extension, refinancing,
replacement or renewal of any of the Indebtedness described in clauses (b), (c), (d), (e), (k), (n), (r), (s), (u), (v) and (x) hereof; provided that, solely with respect to Indebtedness of the type described in clauses (b), (c) or
(d), (i) the principal amount of such Indebtedness is not increased, other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and by the amount of unfunded commitments with respect thereto,
(ii) any Liens securing such Indebtedness are not extended to any additional property of any Loan Party, (iii) no Loan Party that is not originally obligated with respect to repayment of such Indebtedness is required to become obligated
with respect thereto, (iv) in the case of any extension, refinancing, replacement or renewal of any of the Indebtedness described in clauses (b), (c) or (d), such extension, refinancing, replacement or renewal does not result in a
shortening of the average weighted maturity of the Indebtedness so extended, refinanced, replaced or renewed, (v) the terms of any such extension, refinancing, replacement or renewal are not materially less favorable to the obligor thereunder
than the original terms of such Indebtedness, and (vi) if the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, replaced or extended was subordinated in right of payment to the Secured Obligations, then the terms and conditions of the refinancing,
renewal, replacement or extension Indebtedness must include subordination terms and conditions that are substantially similar to those that were applicable to the refinanced, renewed, replaced or extended Indebtedness; provided further that
in the case of (A) any such extension, refinancing, replacement or renewal of the Senior Notes such extension, refinancing, replacement or renewal expires not earlier than 91 days after the Scheduled Maturity Date and (B) any such
extension, refinancing, replacement or renewal of the Indebtedness described in clause (x) of this Section 6.01, such extension, refinancing, replacement or renewal does not violate and continues to be subject to the applicable Permitted Term
Debt Intercreditor Agreement; 

(g) (i) Indebtedness owing by any U.S. Loan Party to any U.S. Loan Party and Guarantees by any U.S.
Loan Party of Indebtedness of any U.S. Loan Party, (ii) Indebtedness owing by any Canadian Loan Party to any other Canadian Loan Party and Guarantees by any Canadian Loan Party of Indebtedness of any other Canadian Loan Party, and
(iii) Indebtedness owing by any U.S. Loan Party to any Canadian Loan Party and Guarantees by any Canadian Loan Party of Indebtedness of any U.S. Loan Party, provided that (A) in the case of (1) any Indebtedness owing by any
U.S. Loan Party to any other U.S. Loan Party or to any Canadian Loan Party and (2) any Indebtedness owing by 

108 

any Canadian Loan Party to any other Canadian Loan Party, such Indebtedness shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being
agreed that the terms of the Affiliate Subordination Agreement are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), (B) to the extent applicable, Guarantees permitted under this clause (g) shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on the same
terms as the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is subordinated to the Secured Obligations and (C) for purposes of this Section 6.01(g), a Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantor shall be treated only as a Canadian Loan Party and not as a U.S. Loan
Party; 

(h) Indebtedness (i) owing by any Canadian Loan Party to any U.S. Loan Party (provided that for purposes of this
Section 6.01(h), a Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantor shall be treated only as a Canadian Loan Party and not as a U.S. Loan Party), (ii) owing by any Foreign Subsidiary to any Loan Party, (iii) owing by any Canadian Loan Party to
any unaffiliated third party for which a U.S. Loan Party has issued a Guarantee, and (iv) owing by any Foreign Subsidiary to any unaffiliated third party for which a Loan Party has issued a Guarantee, so long as: (i) the aggregate amount
of all such Indebtedness owing or Guaranteed (together with the aggregate amount of all investments made pursuant to Section 6.04(c)(iii)) does not exceed at one time outstanding the sum of (x) the greater of $250,000,000375,000,000 and 25% of EBITDA and
(y) the net proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests by Holdings or incurrence of Indebtedness by any U.S. Loan Party permitted under Section 6.01 (other than Indebtedness incurred under the Receivables Securitization Agreements) which
Equity Interests or Indebtedness is incurred for the purpose of funding a loan or advance by such U.S. Loan Party to a Canadian Loan Party or to a Foreign Subsidiary; (ii) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of the
incurrence of any such Indebtedness or execution of such Guarantee, or would result therefrom; (iii) in the case of Indebtedness owing by any Canadian Loan Party to any U.S. Loan Party, such Indebtedness shall be subordinated to the Secured
Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and (iv) Guarantees permitted under this clause (h) shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on the same terms as the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is subordinated
to the Secured Obligations; 

(i) Indebtedness of any Loan Party under performance bonds or with respect to workers compensation,
health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such person, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and
similar obligations, in each case provided in the ordinary course of business and so long as the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (j) does not exceed the greater of $300,000,000500,000,000 and 2535% of EBITDA at any one time outstanding;

(k) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after the Fourth Restatement Date; provided that (i) such
Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (k)
shall not exceed the greater of
$100,000,000150,000,000 and 10% of
EBITDA at any time outstanding; 

(l) other unsecured Indebtedness of any Loan Party (including, without limitation, Subordinated
Indebtedness); provided that, if such Indebtedness constitutes Material Indebtedness, (i) the stated maturity date of such Material Indebtedness is not earlier than 180 days after the Maturity Date (as such Maturity Date is in effect at
the time of issuance of such Indebtedness) (other than an earlier maturity date for (1) customary bridge financings, which, subject to customary conditions (as determined by Holdings in good faith) would either be automatically converted into
or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which does not provide for an earlier maturity date than 181 days after the Maturity Date (as such Maturity Date is in effect at the time of issuance of such Indebtedness) (the Indebtedness
described in this clause (l), Bridge Debt), or (2) pursuant to an escrow or similar arrangement with respect to the proceeds of such Indebtedness), (ii) the scheduled annual principal amortization of such Indebtedness to
occur prior to the Maturity Date (excluding any payments due at maturity of such Indebtedness) does not exceed five percent (5%) of the original principal amount of such Indebtedness, (iii) the events of default and financial covenants
applicable to such Material Indebtedness, taken as a whole, are not more restrictive than those set forth in this Agreement (as determined in the reasonable business judgment of the Borrowers), and (iv) no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing at the time of the incurrence of any such Material Indebtedness or shall result therefrom; 

109 

(m) secured or unsecured Indebtedness of any Foreign Subsidiary which is a Restricted
Subsidiary or any other Excluded Subsidiary to any financial institution or other Person (other than a Loan Party) that (i) is not Guaranteed by any Loan Party or (ii) if Guaranteed by any Loan Party, such Guarantee is permitted under
Section 6.01(h); 

(n) other Indebtedness (i) owing by any Canadian Loan Party to any U.S. Loan Party (provided that for
purposes of this Section 6.01(n), a Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantor shall be treated only as a Canadian Loan Party and not as a U.S. Loan Party), (ii) owing by any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary to any Loan Party,
(iii) owing by any Canadian Loan Party to any unaffiliated third party for which a U.S. Loan Party has issued a Guarantee, and (iv) owing by any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary to any unaffiliated third party for which a
Loan Party has issued a Guarantee, so long as at the times such Indebtedness is incurred and immediately after giving effect to such incurrence, (A) the Payment Conditions are satisfied; (B) in the case of Indebtedness owing by any
Canadian Loan Party to any U.S. Loan Party or by any Foreign Subsidiary to any Loan Party, such Indebtedness shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and (C) Guarantees
permitted under this clause (n) shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on the same terms as the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is subordinated to the Secured Obligations; provided, that the aggregate principal amount of secured Indebtedness
incurred by any Loan Party pursuant to this clause (n) shall not exceed
$75,000,000the Threshold Amount at
any time outstanding; and provided further that if such Indebtedness is secured by Liens on the ABL Priority Collateral, such Liens on the ABL Priority Collateral are junior in priority to the Liens on the ABL Priority Collateral securing the
Obligations, pursuant to a subordination agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative; 

(o) Indebtedness with respect to Swap Agreements permitted under Section 6.07; 

(p) Indebtedness consisting of insurance premium financing in the ordinary course of business; 

(q) [reserved]the Senior Notes; 

(r) [reserved]; 

(s) to the
extent constituting Indebtedness, Indebtedness in respect of loans constituting Investments permitted by Section 6.04; 

(t) to the
extent constituting Indebtedness, judgments not constituting Events of Default under clause (l) of Article VIII; 

(u) to the
extent constituting Indebtedness, Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not in excess of the greater of $50,000,00075,000,000 and 5% of EBITDA at any time outstanding incurred in connection with customary supply chain financing arrangements;

(v) Indebtedness of Holdings and its Subsidiaries in respect of earn-outs or deferred purchase price owing to the sellers of assets or
Equity Interests incurred in connection with the consummation of the Transactions, Permitted Acquisitions or Investments permitted by Section 6.04, so long as the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the
greater of $70,000,000 and 7% of EBITDA at any time; provided that if such Indebtedness is secured by Liens on the ABL Priority Collateral, such Liens on the ABL Priority Collateral are junior in priority to the Liens on the ABL Priority
Collateral securing the Obligations, pursuant to a subordination agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative; 

(w) Indebtedness not otherwise permitted by this Section 6.01 so long as the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness
does not exceed the greater of
$125,000,000185,000,000 and 12.5%
of EBITDA at any time; and 

110 

(x) term loan Indebtedness, secured notes or other secured Indebtedness incurred after the
Fourth Restatement Date, including any refinancing or replacement thereof; provided that (i) at the time such Indebtedness is incurred and after giving effect thereto, (x) the Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed 4.50 to 1.00, and
(y) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) the stated maturity date of such Indebtedness is not earlier than 91 days after the Maturity Date (as such Maturity Date is in effect at the time of issuance of such
Indebtedness) (other than an earlier maturity date for (1) Bridge Debt or (2) pursuant to an escrow or similar arrangement with respect to the proceeds of such Indebtedness), (iii) the scheduled annual principal amortization of such
Indebtedness to occur prior to the Maturity Date (excluding any payments due at maturity of such Indebtedness) does not exceed five percent (5%) of the original principal amount of such Indebtedness, (iv) the events of default and
financial covenants applicable to such Indebtedness, taken as a whole, are not more restrictive than those set forth in this Agreement, and (v) any Liens securing such Indebtedness (x) if on ABL Priority Collateral, are junior in priority
to the Liens on the ABL Priority Collateral securing the Obligations and (y) if on Collateral not constituting ABL Priority Collateral, may be pari passu, senior or junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral not constituting ABL Priority
Collateral securing the Obligations, in each case in clause (x) or (y), pursuant to a Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement. Any Indebtedness incurred in reliance on this Section 6.01(x) is referred to in this Agreement as
Permitted Term Debt. 

For greater certainty, the Borrowers may elect from time to time to consider Indebtedness as falling within one
or more of the categories above and may divide Indebtedness among two or more categories. The restrictions set forth in any subpart of this Section 6.01 by way of description of Indebtedness shall not be deemed to require that Indebtedness
meeting such description be placed in such subpart for purposes of determining compliance with this Section. The accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the accretion of original issue discount, the accretion of liquidation preference
and increases in the amount of Indebtedness or other obligations solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness or other obligations for purposes of this
Section 6.01. 

SECTION 6.02 Liens. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, incur,
assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except: 

(a) Liens created pursuant to any Loan Document; 

(b) any Lien on any property or asset of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary existing on the Fourth Restatement Date and set forth in
Schedule 6.02; provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of such Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the Fourth
Restatement Date and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof to the extent permitted by Section 6.01(f); 

(c) Liens on Accounts sold to WESCO Receivables pursuant to the Receivables Securitization Agreements; 

(d) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by any Loan Party; provided that (i) such security
interests secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (d) of Section 6.01, (ii) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction
or improvement, (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed 100% of the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and (iv) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets
of such Borrower or Subsidiary or any other Borrower or Subsidiary; 

(e) Liens on real property, and fixed and capital assets (including
equipment); provided that (i) such security interests secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (e) of Section 6.01, and (ii) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets of such Borrower or Subsidiary
or any other Borrower or Subsidiary; 

(f) any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by any Loan Party or
existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the Fourth Restatement Date prior to the time such Person becomes a Loan Party; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in
connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Loan Party, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Loan Party, (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it
secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Loan Party, as the case may be and 

111 

extensions, renewals and replacements thereof to the extent permitted by Section 6.01(f), and (iv) to the extent that Accounts or Inventory are subject to any such Lien, the Loan
Parties shall cause the portion of such Lien covering Accounts and/or Inventory to be released within 45 days after such Lien shall have been incurred (or such later date as the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion shall agree in
writing) and no Accounts or Inventory subject to such Lien shall be eligible for inclusion in any portion of the Aggregate Borrowing Base until such time as such Lien shall have been released with respect to such Accounts or Inventory; 

(g) Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-208 of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in
the relevant jurisdiction covering only the items being collected upon; 

(h) Liens arising out of sale and leaseback transactions
permitted by Section 6.06; 

(i) any interest of title of a lessor under, and Liens arising from UCC financing statements (or
equivalent filings, registrations or agreements in foreign jurisdictions) relating to, leases permitted by this Agreement; 

(j) Permitted
Encumbrances; 

(k) Liens granted by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of any Borrower or another Loan Party in
respect of Indebtedness owed by such Restricted Subsidiary; 

(l) Liens granted by any Foreign Subsidiary which is a Restricted Subsidiary
on assets of such Foreign Subsidiary not constituting Collateral; 

(m) customary Liens on assets subject to a pending disposition prior to
the effectiveness of such disposition; 

(n) all reservations in the original grant from the Crown in right of Canada or any Province or
Territory thereof of any lands or interests therein and all statutory exceptions, qualifications and reservations in respect of title with respect thereto; 

(o) security given by any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary to a public utility or any municipality or governmental or other public
authority when required by such public utility or municipality or other governmental authority in the ordinary course of business of any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such Loan Partys or Restricted Subsidiarys
operations; provided such security does not either alone or in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the property or assets affected thereby or materially impair its use in the conduct of such Loan Partys or Restricted
Subsidiarys business; 

(p) the right reserved to or vested in any municipality or governmental of other public authority by the
terms of any lease, license, franchise, grant or permit acquired by any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary or by any statutory provision to terminate any such lease, license, franchise, grant or permit or to require annual or other periodic
payments as a condition of the continuance thereof; 

(q) subdivision agreements, site plan control agreements, development agreements,
servicing agreements, utility agreements and other similar agreements with a Governmental Authority or public utilities that do not materially impair the use, operation or marketability of the applicable real property, provided such have in
each case been complied with in all material respects; 

(r) any rights of expropriation, access or user or any similar rights conferred or
reserved by or in any statutes of any Governmental Authority; 

(s) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(n); 

(t) Liens securing Indebtedness under Section 6.01(u); provided that such Liens shall only encumber the Accounts sold in
connection with each such supply chain financing arrangement and any supporting obligations related thereto; 

112 

(u) Liens not otherwise permitted by this Section 6.02 so long as (i) the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the obligations secured thereby does not at any time exceed the greater of $125,000,000185,000,000 and 12.5% of EBITDA and (ii) to the extent that any ABL Priority Collateral in excess of the greater of $10,000,00015,000,000 and 1% of EBITDA is
subject to any such Lien, (x) the Loan Parties shall cause the portion of such Lien covering ABL Priority Collateral to be released within 45 days after such Lien shall have been incurred (or such later date as the Administrative Agent in its
Permitted Discretion shall agree in writing) and (y) no Accounts or Inventory subject to such Lien shall be eligible for inclusion in any portion of the Aggregate Borrowing Base until such time as such Lien shall have been released with respect
to such Accounts or Inventory; and

(v) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(x); provided, that (i) the Liens of any Permitted Term Debt
Agent on any ABL Priority Collateral shall be junior and subordinate to the Liens of the Administrative Agent on such Collateral as provided by the applicable Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) the rights and remedies of the
Permitted Term Debt Agent and the lenders party to any Permitted Term Loan Agreement with respect to such Indebtedness shall be subject to the applicable Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement.; and

(w) Liens in connection
with any factoring arrangement into which Accounts are permitted to be sold under this Agreement; provided that such Liens shall only encumber the Accounts sold in connection with each such factoring arrangement and any supporting obligations
related thereto.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Liens
permitted pursuant to this Section 6.02 may at any time attach to any Loan Partys (A) Accounts, other than (x) those permitted under clause (a) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrance and clauses (a), (g), (m), (n), (o),
(t), (u) and, (v) and (w) above, and (y) Accounts sold to WESCO
Receivables pursuant to the Receivables Securitization Agreements or (B) Inventory, other than those permitted under clauses (a) and (b) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrance and clauses (a), (m), (n), (t), (u) and
(v) above. 

SECTION 6.03 Fundamental Changes. (a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted
Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate or amalgamate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate or amalgamate with it, or liquidate or dissolve (and distribute its assets) (each of the foregoing, individually, a Fundamental Change Transaction), except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (i) any Loan Party (other than a Canadian Borrower) may merge intoconsummate a Fundamental Change Transaction
with a U.S. Loan Party (including the merger of any U.S. Borrower into another U.S. Borrower) so long as in a transaction in which one or more U.S. Borrowers are
involved, a U.S.a Fundamental Change Transaction between U.S. Borrowers) so long as in a Fundamental Change Transaction
in which the Borrower Representative is involved, the Borrower Representative is the surviving corporation, (ii) any Canadian Loan Party may merge or amalgamate with, or liquidate or dissolve and distribute its assets
to,consummate a Fundamental Change Transaction with another Canadian Loan Party (including the merger or amalgamation of any Canadian Borrower into another Canadian Borrower or an entity that becomes a Canadian Borrower concurrently therewith) so long as in a merger,
amalgamation, liquidation or dissolution transaction in which one or more Canadian Borrowers are involved, a Canadian
Borrowera Fundamental Change Transaction between Canadian Borrowers) so long as in a Fundamental Change Transaction in
which WDC is involved, WDC is the surviving corporation or the surviving corporation becomes a Canadian Borrower concurrently
therewith, (iii) TVC Canada Corp. may merge or amalgamate into WDCH, LP or another Canadian Loan Party or may liquidate or dissolve into its parent entity, (iv) any Restricted Subsidiary that
is not a Loan Party may liquidate or dissolve (and distribute its assets to its immediate parent) if Holdings determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in
the best interests of Holdings and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders,consummate a Fundamental Change
Transaction with any Restricted Subsidiary or any Loan Party so long as in a Fundamental Change Transaction in which the Borrower Representative or WDC is involved, the Borrower Representative or WDC, as applicable, is the surviving
corporation, (v) any Restricted Subsidiary may transfer its assets to a Loan Party and any Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party may transfer its assets to another Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party,
(vi) any Loan Party (other than Holdings or a Borrower) may liquidate or dissolve so long as the assets and properties of such Loan Party are received by or distributed to another Loan Party organized or formed in the same country as such
dissolving or liquidating Loan Party or the U.S. and such dissolution or liquidation would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (vii) any Loan Party may merge or amalgamate with any other Person in connection with the
consummation of a Permitted Acquisition so long as (A) no Change of Control 

113 

results therefrom, (B) in the case of a merger of any Loan Party with any other Person, such Loan Party is the surviving entity, or, in the case such Loan Party is not Holdings or a
Borrower, such other Person is the surviving entity, so long as such other Person shall be organized in the same jurisdiction as such Loan Party or the U.S. and shall substantially contemporaneously with the consummation of such merger become a Loan
Party hereunder and otherwise comply with the requirements of Section 5.13 hereof and (C) in the case of the amalgamation of any Canadian Loan Party (the Constituent Canadian Loan Party) with any other Person, the entity
resulting from such amalgamation shall confirm in writing that it is a Canadian Loan Party and has succeeded to and is bound by all of the obligations of the Constituent Canadian Loan Party under the Loan Documents in the same manner and to the same
extent as the Constituent Canadian Loan Party was so bound immediately prior to such amalgamation and shall take such other actions and execute and deliver such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to ratify and confirm
such obligations and the continuing validity, perfection and priority of the Administrative Agents Liens in the Collateral of the Constituent Canadian Loan Party after giving effect to such amalgamation, all of which shall be satisfactory in
form and substance to the Administrative Agent, and (viii) to the extent not otherwise permitted under this Section 6.03, any Canadian Loan Party may merge into, consolidate or amalgamate with or liquidate or dissolve and distribute
its assets to, any other Person, or such other Person may merge into, consolidate or amalgamate with or liquidate or dissolve and distribute its assets to, any Canadian Loan Party, in each case, in connection with a transaction with a fair market
value not in excess of (x) $5,000,000 for each such transaction and (y) $10,000,000 for all of such transactions, in the aggregate, per fiscal year. 

(b) If any Loan Party that is a limited liability company consummates a Division, each Division Successor shall be required to comply with the
obligations set forth in Section 5.13 and the other further assurances obligations set forth in the Loan Documents and become a Loan Party under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

(c) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries which are not Loan Parties),
to engage to any material extent in any business other than businesses substantially similar to the type conducted by the Loan Parties on the date of execution of this Agreement and businesses reasonably related thereto and logical extensions
thereof. 

(d) Holdings will not engage in any business or activity other than the ownership of Equity Interests in its Subsidiaries and
activities incidental thereto. Holdings will not own or acquire any material assets (other than Equity Interests in its Subsidiaries and the cash proceeds of any Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08) or incur any liabilities (other
than liabilities under the Loan Documents, Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01, and liabilities reasonably incurred in connection with its maintenance of its existence). 

(e) WESCO Receivables will not engage in any business or activity other than the ownership of Accounts sold to WESCO Receivables by the U.S.
Loan Parties pursuant to the Receivables Securitization Agreements and the incurrence of Indebtedness pursuant to the Receivables Securitization Agreements and activities incidental thereto. WESCO Receivables will not own or acquire any material
assets other than Accounts sold to WESCO Receivables by the U.S. Loan Parties or incur any liabilities, in each case, except pursuant to and in accordance with the Receivables Securitization Agreements (other than liabilities reasonably incurred in
connection with its maintenance of its existence). 

(f) The Real Estate Subsidiaries will not engage in any business or activity other
than the ownership and leasing of real property (and the fixtures and equipment located thereon) and the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted by Sections 6.01(e) and 6.01(x) and activities incidental thereto. The Real Estate Subsidiaries will
not own or acquire any material assets other than real property (and the fixtures and equipment located thereon) or incur any liabilities, in each case, except permitted by Section 6.01(e) and 6.01(x) (other than liabilities reasonably incurred
in connection with its maintenance of its existence). 

SECTION 6.04 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions.
No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger with any Person that was not a Loan Party and a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such
merger) any capital stock, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or
permit to exist any Investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit (whether through purchase of
assets, merger or otherwise), except: 

(a) Permitted Investments; 

114 

(b) Investments in existence on the Fourth RestatementSeventh Amendment
Effective Date (including Investments by the Loan Parties in Equity Interests in their respective Subsidiaries); 

(c)
Investments made after the Fourth
RestatementSeventh Amendment Effective Date by: (i) a U.S. Loan Party in any other U.S. Loan Party;
(ii) a Canadian Loan Party in any other Canadian Loan Party or a U.S. Loan Party; or (iii) (x) a U.S. Loan Party in a Canadian Loan Party, or (y) a Loan Party in a Foreign Subsidiary, Unrestricted Subsidiary or Intermediate
Holding Company so long as, in the case of this subclause (iii): (A) the aggregate amount of such Investments (together with the aggregate Indebtedness and Guarantees outstanding pursuant to Section 6.01(h)) shall not exceed at any time
outstanding (in each case determined without regarding to any write-downs or write-offs) the sum of (x) the greater of $250,000,000375,000,000 and 25% of EBITDA and (y) the net proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests by Holdings or any incurrence
of Indebtedness by any U.S. Loan Party permitted under Section 6.01 (other than Indebtedness incurred under the Receivables Securitization Agreements) which Indebtedness is incurred for the purpose of funding an investment in a Canadian Loan
Party or Foreign Subsidiary, and (B) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such Investment, or would result therefrom; provided, that, for purposes of this Section 6.04(c), a Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantor shall be treated only as a Canadian Loan Party and not as a U.S. Loan Party; 

(d) loans or advances made by the Loan Parties (i) to employees of the Loan Parties on an arms-length basis in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practices for travel and entertainment expenses, relocation costs and similar purposes up to a maximum of the greater of $5,000,000 and 0.5% of EBITDA in the aggregate at any one time outstanding and (ii) to
executive officers of Holdings on an arms-length basis in the ordinary course of business to permit such officers to purchase Equity Interests in Holdings (or to exercise options to purchase Equity
Interests in Holdings) up to a maximum of the greater of $5,000,000 and 0.5% of EBITDA in the aggregate at any one time outstanding; 

(e)
subject to Sections 4.2(a) and 4.4 of the U.S. Security Agreement and the Canadian Security Agreement, notes payable, or stock or other securities issued by Account Debtors to a Loan Party pursuant to negotiated agreements with respect to
settlement of such Account Debtors Accounts in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices; 

(f) Investments in
the form of Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.07; 

(g) Investments received in connection with the dispositions of assets
permitted by Section 6.05; 

(h) Investments constituting deposits described in clauses (c) and (d) of the definition of the term
Permitted Encumbrances; 

(i) Permitted Acquisitions; 

(j) Investments constituting Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(j); 

(k) the formation by (i) any U.S. Loan Party of any Domestic Subsidiary, Canadian Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary, (ii) any
Canadian Loan Party of any Canadian Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary, and (iii) any Foreign Subsidiary of any other Foreign Subsidiary, so long as, in each case: (i) the Loan Parties comply with Section 5.13, and (ii) no Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such formation; 

(l) Investments made by Foreign
Subsidiaries which are Restricted Subsidiaries; 

115 

(m) Guarantees of obligations of Canadian Subsidiaries or Foreign Subsidiaries which are
Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business and not constituting Indebtedness for borrowed money; 

(n) Investments
(other than those made in reliance on any other paragraph of this Section 6.04) in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of $50,000,00075,000,000 and 5% of EBITDA, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect
to any such Investment; 

(o) other Investments (other than those made in reliance on any other paragraph of this Section 6.04), so
long as at the time of and after giving effect to such Investment, the Payment Conditions are satisfied; 

(p) consummation of (x) the
Anixter Acquisition pursuant to and in accordance with the Anixter Acquisition Agreement in all material respects and (y) the Anixter Merger; 

(q) [reserved]; 

(r)
[reserved]; 

(s) Investments received in connection with bankruptcy or reorganization of, or the settlement of delinquent accounts and
disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business; and 

(t) transactions permitted by
Section 6.03(a) (other than with respect to Permitted Acquisitions). 

For greater certainty, the Borrowers may elect from time to time to consider
Investments as falling within one or more of the categories above and may divide Investments among two or more categories. The restrictions set forth in any subpart of this Section by way of description of Investments shall not be deemed to
require that Investments meeting such description be placed in such subpart for purposes of determining compliance with this Section. The accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the accretion of original issue discount, the accretion
of liquidation preference and increases in the amount of Investments or other obligations solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies or increases in the value of such Investments shall not be deemed to be an increase in
the amount of any Investment for purposes of this Section. 

SECTION 6.05 Asset Sales. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit
any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Excluded Subsidiaries which are not Loan Parties) to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any asset, including any Equity Interest owned by it, nor will any Borrower permit any Restricted Subsidiary
(other than Excluded Subsidiaries) to issue any additional Equity Interest in such Subsidiary (other than to another Loan Party in compliance with Section 6.04), except: 

(a) sales, transfers and dispositions of Inventory in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) sales, transfers, leases and dispositions by: (i) any U.S. Loan Party to any other U.S. Loan Party, or (ii) any Canadian Loan
Party to any other Canadian Loan Party; provided, that, for purposes of this Section 6.05(b), a Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantor shall be treated only as a Canadian Loan Party and not as a U.S. Loan Party; 

(c) sales of Accounts by the U.S. Loan Parties to WESCO Receivables pursuant to the Receivables Securitization Agreements; 

(d) sales, transfers and dispositions of Accounts in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof; 

(e) sales, transfers and dispositions of Permitted Investments and other investments permitted by clause (h) of Section 6.04; 

(f) sale and leaseback transactions permitted by Section 6.06; 

116 

(g) dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under
power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(h) the licensing, on a non-exclusive basis (other than with respect to licenses of the MaxCell Patents), of patents, trademarks, copyrights,
and other intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business; 

(i) the granting of Permitted Liens; 

(j) sales, transfers and dispositions to the extent constituting Investments permitted under Section 6.04 or Restricted Payments
permitted under Section 6.08; 

(k) sales, transfers and other dispositions of real property, equipment or other assets that are
damaged, worn out, obsolete or no longer used or useful to the business operations of the Loan Parties; 

(l) sales, transfers and other
dispositions of Equity Interests in Excluded Subsidiaries; 

(m) any sale, transfer and other disposition of assets (whether in an
individual transaction or a series of related transactions) having a fair market value of less than the greater of $10,000,00015,000,000 and 1% of EBITDA; 

(n) (i) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, transfers and other dispositions of
assets that are not permitted by any other paragraph of this Section and (ii) the WIS Disposition Transactions, provided, in each case, that if property being sold or otherwise disposed of in connection with any such transaction consists
of Collateral included in the Aggregate Borrowing Base having a value in excess of the greater of
$25,000,00037,500,000 and 2.5% of
EBITDA, the Borrowers shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Borrowing Base Certificate giving effect to such transfer or other disposition; 

(o) sales of Accounts in connection with factoring arrangements entered into by Loan Parties and non-Affiliates in the ordinary course of
business or as required or requested by customers,
provided that the total amount of all such Accounts sold pursuant to such factoring arrangements shall not exceed the greater of $25,000,00037,500,000 and 2.5% of EBITDA in the aggregate at any one time outstanding; 

(p) any sale, transfer, lease or other disposition of non-core assets, including Equity Interests, acquired in connection with a Permitted
Acquisition or other Investment permitted by this Agreement to the extent the Borrower Representative identified such assets to the Administrative Agent promptly after such Permitted Acquisition or Investment; 

(q) dispositions of Investments in joint ventures, to the extent required by the agreements between the joint venture parties set forth in the
applicable joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements; 

(r) sales or other dispositions of assets (other than assets
constituting ABL Priority Collateral) to the extent (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price or similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the
purchase price of such replacement property; 

(s) sales or other dispositions of property by Holdings or any Loan Party to any Subsidiary
so long as (i) such sale or other disposition is consummated on fair and reasonable terms (taken as a whole) no less favorable to Holdings or such Loan Party than Holdings or such Loan Party would obtain in a comparable arms length
transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate, (ii) no Event of Default is in existence at the time of such sale or other disposition or would be caused thereby and (iii) to the extent constituting assets included in the Aggregate
Borrowing Base in excess of $10,000,000, the Borrowers shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a pro forma Borrowing Base Certificate giving effect to such transfer or other disposition; provided that any such sale or other
disposition of ABL Priority Collateral from a Loan Party to a non-Loan Party shall not exceed
$75,000,000the Threshold Amount per
calendar year; and 

(t) transactions permitted by Section 6.03(a); 

117 

provided that all sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions permitted hereby (other than those
permitted by paragraph (b) above) shall be made for fair value. 

SECTION 6.06 Sale and Leaseback Transactions. No Loan
Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary (other than Excluded Subsidiaries which are not Loan Parties and Unrestricted Subsidiaries) to, directly or indirectly, sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred, except for: (a) any such sale of
any fixed or capital assets by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 90 days after such Borrower or such
Restricted Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset; and (b) other sales of any fixed or capital assets by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as the conditions set forth in clauses
(a) and (b) of the definition of Payment Conditions are satisfied with respect to such transaction. 

SECTION 6.07 Swap
Agreements. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary (other than Excluded Subsidiaries which are not Loan Parties and Unrestricted Subsidiaries) to, enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap Agreements entered into to
hedge or mitigate risks to which any Loan Party has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Equity Interests of any Loan Party), (b) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed
to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of any Loan Party and (c) any Swap Agreement relating to a Permitted Forward, a Permitted TEU Capped
Call Transaction or a Permitted TEU Purchase Contract. 

SECTION 6.08 Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness.
(a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, declare, make or pay, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment except: 

(i) each of Holdings and each Restricted Subsidiary may declare and pay dividends with respect to its common stock payable
solely in additional shares of its common stock, and, with respect to its preferred stock, payable solely in additional shares of such preferred stock or in shares of its common stock; 

(ii) any Loan Party (other than Holdings) or any Restricted Subsidiary may make dividends or distributions to any direct holder
of its Equity Interests; 

(iii) Holdings and each Restricted Subsidiary may declare, make or pay any Restricted Payment so
long as, in each case, such Restricted Payment is made in accordance with applicable law and the conditions set forth in clauses (a), (b) and (d) of the definition of Payment Conditions are satisfied with respect to such Restricted Payment;

(iv) Holdings may declare and pay dividends (in addition to those made in reliance upon any other clause of this
Section 6.08(a)) to the holders of Equity Interests in Holdings in an aggregate amount not to exceed $115,000,000125,000,000 per fiscal year, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect
to the declaration and payment of such dividends; 

(v) each Loan Party may grant Equity Interests in the ordinary course of
business to employees, directors and contractors and make any payments related to such Equity Interests in the ordinary course of business; 

(vi) Holdings may declare and pay dividends on the Preferred Equity in an amount per fiscal year not to exceed the sum of
(x) $73,000,000 plus (y) any amount under clause (x) not used in any prior fiscal year, so long as no Event of Default under Section (a), (b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII exists; 

(vii) in connection with the Transactions; 

118 

(viii) Holdings may repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for
value its Equity Interests (in addition to the capacity provided for in reliance upon any other clause of this Section 6.08(a)) in an aggregate amount not to exceed
$125,000,000150,000,000 per fiscal year, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such repurchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition for value; and 

(ix) so long as no Default orSpecified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result after
giving effect thereto, (A) Holdings may repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value the
Preferred Equity in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of
Excessany Note Proceeds and (B) within twelve months of the consummation of the WIS Disposition Transactions, Holdings may repurchase,
redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value its Equity Interests in an aggregate amount not to exceed $150,000,000 (in each case,
(in addition to the capacity provided for in reliance
upon any other clause of this Section 6.08(a)). 

For greater certainty, the Borrowers may elect from time to time to consider Restricted
Payments as falling within one or more of the categories above and may divide Restricted Payments among two or more categories. The restrictions set forth in any subpart of this Section by way of description of any Restricted Payments shall not
be deemed to require that any Restricted Payments meeting such description be placed in such subpart for purposes of determining compliance with this Section. 

The restrictions set forth above shall not operate to prevent the making of dividends or repurchases previously declared by Holdings so long as (x) at
the declaration date, such dividend or repurchase was permitted by the foregoing and (y) such dividend or repurchase is consummated within the earlier of 60 days and any date under applicable law on which such dividend or repurchase must be
consummated. 

(b) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary (other than (i) Unrestricted Subsidiaries or
(ii) Excluded Subsidiaries which are not Loan Parties) to, make, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on any Indebtedness, or any
payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Indebtedness, except:

(i) payment of Indebtedness created under the Loan Documents; 

(ii) payment of regularly scheduled interest and principal payments (including any mandatory prepayment) as and when due in
respect of any Indebtedness, other than payments in respect of the Subordinated Indebtedness prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof; 

(iii) refinancings of Indebtedness to the extent permitted by Section 6.01; 

(iv) payment of secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets
securing such Indebtedness; 

(v) payment of Indebtedness owed by a Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary of a Loan Party to
any other Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party, provided that (A) such Indebtedness is permitted by Section 6.01 and (B) no Loan Party shall be permitted to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness to any Subsidiary
which is not a Loan Party if (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom or (y) such payment would be prohibited by the subordination provisions of such Indebtedness; 

(vi) payment of Indebtedness of a Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary (other than those made in reliance on any other paragraph
of this Section 6.08), so long as at the time of and after giving effect to such payment, either, the conditions set forth in clauses (a), (b) and (d) of the definition of Payment Conditions are satisfied with respect to such payment or, such payment is of, or with respect to, the 2025 Senior Notes; 

119 

(vii) payments and prepayments of Indebtedness (other than those made in
reliance on any other paragraph of this Section 6.08) in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of $50,000,00075,000,000 and 5% of EBITDA per fiscal year, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result
after giving effect to any such payment or prepayment; 

(viii) payments and prepayments of Indebtedness made with the
proceeds of the issuance of Equity Interests by Holdings or any of its subsidiaries (to the extent such proceeds are contributed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) within nine months of the receipt of such proceeds; and 

(ix) in connection with the Transactions. 

For greater certainty, the Borrowers may elect from time to time to consider payments in respective of Indebtedness as falling within one or more of the
categories above and may divide such payments among two or more categories. The restrictions set forth in any subpart of this Section by way of description of any such payments shall not be deemed to require that any payments meeting such
description be placed in such subpart for purposes of determining compliance with this Section. 

SECTION 6.09 Transactions with
Affiliates. Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, no Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property
or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) transactions that are on terms and conditions, when taken as a whole, not less favorable to such Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary than
could be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among: (i) any U.S. Loan Parties; or (ii) any Canadian Loan Parties (provided that, for purposes of this clause (b), a
Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantor shall be treated only as a Canadian Loan Party and not as a U.S. Loan Party), (c) investments permitted by Section 6.04, (d) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01, (e) asset sales
(including sale and lease back transactions permitted by Section 6.06) permitted by Section 6.05; (f) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08, (g) loans or advances to employees permitted under Section 6.04,
(h) the payment of reasonable fees to directors of any Loan Party who are not employees of such Loan Party, and compensation and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or
employees of the Loan Parties in the ordinary course of business and (i) any issuances of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and
stock ownership plans approved by a Loan Partys board of directors. 

SECTION 6.10 Restrictive Agreements. No Loan Party
will, nor will it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of such Loan Party or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of the Collateral, or (b) the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its capital stock
or to make or repay loans or advances to any Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of any Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions
imposed by law or by any Loan Document, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the Fourth Restatement Date with respect to documents identified on Schedule 6.10 or any extension or renewal of,
or any amendment, modification or replacement of such documents (to the extent such extension, renewal, amendment, modification or replacement is not prohibited by this Agreement) which does not expand the scope of, any such restriction or
condition, (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the purchase agreements pending such sale or purchase, as applicable, (iv) the foregoing shall not apply to
customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to Indebtedness of a special purpose entity if such restriction applies to the creation of Liens on the assets of such special purpose entity or limits such special purpose
entity from paying dividends or distributions in respect of such special purpose entitys income or property, (v) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured
Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (vi) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the
assignment thereof, and (vii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions imposed by any Senior Notes Indenture, any Permitted Term Loan Agreement or any agreement governing Indebtedness entered into after the Fourth Restatement Date and
permitted under Section 6.01(l); provided that such restrictions contained in such Senior Notes Indenture, such Permitted Term Loan Agreement or other agreement (x) taken as a whole, in the good faith judgment of the 

120 

Borrower Representative, are no more restrictive with respect to the Loan Parties than customary market terms for Indebtedness of such type (and, in any event, are no more restrictive than the
restrictions contained in this Agreement), and (y) do not adversely affect the ability of the Loan Parties (A) to make any payments required to be paid by the Loan Parties with respect to the Obligations or (B) to grant Liens on the
Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 6.11 Amendment of Material Documents. No Loan Party will, nor will
it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, amend, modify or waive any term or provision of (a) the Receivables Securitization Agreements, except for amendments to the Receivable Securitization Agreements which do not adversely affect the
Collateral, the Receivables Intercreditor Agreement or the Administrative Agents rights thereunder; (b) any Permitted Term Debt Documents in any manner which would violate the applicable Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement;
(c) any Senior Notes Indentures, or its certificate of incorporation, by-laws, operating, memorandum of association, management or partnership agreement or other organizational documents, to the extent any such amendment, modification or waiver
of any instrument, contract or agreement described in this clause (c) would be materially adverse to the Lenders, or (d) any other document evidencing any Material Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness described in clauses (a), (b) or
(c) of this Section 6.11), to the extent any such amendment, modification or waiver would be materially adverse to the Lenders (it being understood and agreed that no such amendment, modification or waiver shall be deemed adverse to the
Lenders if, after giving effect to such amendment, modification or waiver, assuming such Indebtedness was not outstanding, the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries would be able to incur Indebtedness on such terms pursuant to Section 6.01). 

SECTION 6.12 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. If a Fixed Charge Coverage Trigger Event shall occur, the Loan Parties will not permit
the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio to be less than 1.00 to 1.00 (a) as of the last day of the fiscal quarter which has ended immediately prior to such Fixed Charge Coverage Trigger Event and for which financial statements are available or are
required to be delivered hereunder (the Initial Test Date) and (b) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter ending after such Initial Test Date until the Fixed Charge Coverage Trigger Period shall no longer be continuing.

SECTION 6.13 Designation of Subsidiaries. No Loan Party will designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary unless (i) the Borrower Representative delivers a written notice to the Administrative Agent of such designation, (ii) immediately before and after such designation, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, (iii) immediately after giving effect to such designation, the Total Leverage Ratio is less than 4.75 to 1.00 as of the last day of the most recently completed period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending prior to the date of
such designation for which the financial statements and certificates required by Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b), as the case may be, and Section 5.01(d), have been delivered and, as a condition precedent to the effectiveness of any such
designation, the Borrower Representative shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations demonstrating such compliance, (iv) such Subsidiary is not designated as a Restricted
Subsidiary (or the equivalent) for the purpose of any Senior Notes, any Subordinated Indebtedness of the Loan Parties or any Permitted Term Debt Documents and is not otherwise generally subject to the representations, warranties, covenants and
events of default under any Senior Notes, any Subordinated Indebtedness of the Loan Parties or such Permitted Term Debt Documents, (v) such Restricted Subsidiary and its subsidiaries do not own any Equity Interests or Indebtedness of, or own or
hold any Lien on, any property of any Loan Party, (vi) such Subsidiary or such Subsidiarys subsidiaries have not at the time of designation, and do not, thereafter, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee, or otherwise become directly or
indirectly liable with respect to any Indebtedness pursuant to which the lender has recourse to any of the assets of any Loan Party, (vii) such Subsidiary is not WESCO Receivables or any Subsidiary which holds any Equity Interests or
Indebtedness of WESCO Receivables, (viii) the revenues of such Subsidiary, as of end of any fiscal year, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, were less than 5% of the consolidated revenues of Holdings and its
Subsidiaries for such period, (ix) the revenues of such Subsidiary, as of end of any fiscal year, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, when taken together with the revenues of all Unrestricted Subsidiaries were less
than 15% of the consolidated revenues of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such period, (x) the consolidated assets of such Subsidiary, as of end of any fiscal year, were less than 5% of the consolidated total assets of Holdings and its
Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, and (xi) the consolidated assets of such Subsidiary, as of end of any fiscal year, when taken together with the consolidated assets of all Unrestricted Subsidiaries were less than 15% of the
consolidated total assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year (in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (viii) through (xi), as reflected on the most recent annual or quarterly consolidated financial
statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries). The designation of any 

121 

Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment therein by such Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, as applicable, at the date of designation in an amount equal to
the fair market value of the applicable parties investment therein (the fair market value of such investment to be calculated without regard to any guarantee provided by such designated or re designated Unrestricted Subsidiary). The
designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute (A) the incurrence at the time of designation of any Investment, Indebtedness or Liens of such Subsidiary existing at such time and (B) a return on any
Investment by such Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in Unrestricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the preceding sentence in an amount equal to the fair market value at the date of such designation of such Borrowers and its Restricted
Subsidiaries (as applicable) Investment in such Subsidiary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any Unrestricted Subsidiary that has been redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary may not be subsequently redesignated as an
Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

SECTION 6.14 Canadian Defined Benefit Plans. None of the Canadian Loan Parties shall,
(a) without the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld) maintain, administer, contribute or have any liability in respect of any Canadian Pension Plan which contains a defined benefit provision, as
defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) (Canadian Defined Benefit Plan) (other than the Canadian Defined Benefit Plans listed in Schedule 3.10 on the Fourth Restatement Date, the Canadian Defined Benefit Plan of EECOL Electric Corp. or
any Canadian Defined Benefit Plan sponsored, maintained, administered or contributed to by a Person described in clause (b) of this Section 6.14) or (b) acquire an interest in any Person if such Person sponsors, maintains, administers
or contributes to, or has any liability in respect of any Canadian Defined Benefit Plan if such acquisition would, or could reasonably be expected to, result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

ARTICLE VII. Events of Default

If any of the following events (Events of Default) shall occur: 

(a) any Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the
same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise; 

(b) any
Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such
failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three Business Days; 

(c) any representation or warranty made by or on behalf of any
Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary in or in connection with this Agreement or any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished
pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made; 

(d) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in: (i) Section 5.02(a),
Section 5.03 (with respect to a Loan Partys existence), Section 5.08 or in Article VI of this Agreement, or (ii) Article IV or Article VII of the Canadian Security Agreement or the U.S. Security Agreement; 

(e) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan
Document (other than those which constitute an event of default under another Section of this Article), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of (i) 5 days after the earlier of any Loan Partys knowledge of such
failure or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent if such failure relates to terms or provisions of Section 5.01(a), (b), (c), (d), (f), (g) or (h), (ii) 5 days after the earlier of any Loan Partys knowledge of such failure or
notice thereof from the Administrative Agent if such failure relates to terms or provisions of Section 5.01 (other than those which constitute an event of default under clause (e)(i) of this Article VII), (iii) 10 days after the
earlier of any Loan Partys knowledge of such failure or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent if such failure relates to terms or provisions of Section 5.02 (other than Section 5.02(a)), 5.03 (other than with respect to a Loan
Partys existence) through 5.06, 5.09, 5.10, 5.12 or 5.14 of this Agreement or (iv) 30 days after the earlier of any Loan Partys knowledge of such failure or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent if such failure relates to
terms or provisions of any other Section of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; 

122 

(f) any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of
principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable (after giving effect to any applicable grace period set forth in the documents governing such Material
Indebtedness); 

(g) any Termination Event (or any other similar event) occurs under the Receivables Securitization Agreements
(as Termination Event is defined therein); 

(h) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness
becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any such Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause
any such Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due
as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness; 

(i) an involuntary proceeding shall
be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of a Loan Party, a Significant Subsidiary or WESCO Receivables or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under
any federal, state, provincial or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, monitor, administrator,
conservator or similar official for any Loan Party, any Significant Subsidiary or WESCO Receivables or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or
decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

(j) any Loan Party, any Significant Subsidiary or WESCO Receivables
shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any federal, state, provincial or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in
effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (k) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, interim
receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, monitor, administrator, conservator or similar official for such Loan Party, such Significant Subsidiary or WESCO Receivables or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the
material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

(k) any Loan Party, any Significant Subsidiary or WESCO Receivables shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to
pay its debts as they become due; 

(l) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $75,000,000the Threshold Amount (to the
extent not covered by insurance as to which the relevant insurance company has not disputed coverage) shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days
during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of any Loan Party to enforce any such judgment or any Loan Party shall fail within 30 days to
discharge one or more non-monetary judgments or orders which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, which judgments or orders, in any such case, are not stayed on appeal or otherwise being
appropriately contested in good faith by proper proceedings diligently pursued; 

(m) (i) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in
the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or (ii) a Pension Event shall occur which, in the Administrative
Agents determination, constitutes grounds for the termination under any applicable law, of any Canadian Pension Plan or for the appointment by the appropriate Governmental Authority of a trustee for any Canadian Pension Plan, or if any
Canadian Pension Plan shall be terminated or any such trustee shall be requested or appointed, or if a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in default with respect to payments to a Multiemployer Plan or Canadian Pension Plan resulting from their
complete or partial withdrawal from such Canadian Pension Plan and any such event may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or any Canadian Loan Party is in default of or with respect to any required contributions to a Canadian
Pension Plan or a Canadian Union Plan or any Lien arises (except for contribution amounts not yet due) in connection with any Canadian Pension Plan and any such event may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

123 

(n) a Change in Control shall occur; 

(o) the Loan Guaranty, the Canadian Guarantee or any other Guarantee shall fail to remain in full force or effect (other than in accordance
with its terms) or any action shall be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of the Loan Guaranty, the Canadian Guarantee or any other Guarantee, or any Loan Guarantor shall deny that it has any further liability under
the Loan Guaranty, the Canadian Guarantee or any other Guarantee to which it is a party, or shall give notice to such effect (except, in each case, as a result of the discharge of such Loan Guarantors obligations under the Loan Guaranty, the
Canadian Guarantee or any other Guarantee in accordance with the terms of the Loan Guaranty, the Canadian Guarantee or such other Guarantee); 

(p) any security interest purported to be created by any Collateral Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party not to
be, a valid and perfected first priority security interest in any portion of the ABL Priority Collateral having a value in excess of $75,000,000the Threshold Amount which is purported to be covered thereby, except as permitted by the terms of this Agreement or any
Collateral Document other than as a result of any action or inaction within the control of the Administrative Agent; or 

(q) any material
provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or any Loan Party shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action or
inaction based on any such assertion, that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms), in each case, other than in connection with a termination of
such Loan Document (or, with respect to any Loan Party, the release of such Loan Party from its obligations under such Loan Document) in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof; 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrowers described in clauses (i) or (j) of this Article), and at any time
thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower Representative, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times:
(i) terminate the Revolving Commitments, and thereupon the Revolving Commitments shall terminate immediately, (ii) require the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to Section 2.06(k) hereto, or (iii) declare the Loans and other
Obligations then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any Obligations not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans and other
Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers; and in case of any event with respect to the Borrowers described in clauses (i) or (j) of this Article, the Revolving Commitments shall automatically terminate and the
principal of the Loans and other Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand,
protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers and the deposit of cash collateral required under Section 2.06(k) shall be automatically required. Upon the occurrence and the continuance of an Event of
Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to it under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC and the PPSA.
Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not deliver a notice to the U.S. Borrowers instructing all U.S. Loan Parties to terminate and cease all transfers of Receivables (as
defined in the Receivables Intercreditor Agreement) from the U.S. Loan Parties to WESCO Receivables prior to the occurrence of one or more of the following: (A) an Event of Default under paragraphs (i), (j) or (k) of this Article VII or
(B) any declaration by the Administrative Agent that the Loans and other Obligations are due and payable pursuant to clause (ii) of this paragraph. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Article III or in this Article VII, during the Clean-Up Period, any representation or warranty
(other than the Specified Representations and the Anixter Acquisition Agreement Representations) made by Anixter or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions that would have been breached or inaccurate, or any other default,
arising by reason of any matter or circumstance relating to Anixter or any 

124 

of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Transactions (were it not for this paragraph), shall be deemed not to constitute a breach of or a default for all purposes under the Loan Documents, and
for so long as the circumstances giving rise thereto (a) are capable of being remedied within the Clean-Up Period and Holdings or any of its subsidiaries is taking appropriate steps to remedy such circumstances and (b) do not have and are
not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the business, property, operations or financial condition of Holdings and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights and
remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties; provided that such Clean-Up Period shall not apply with respect to any representation, warranty or default in respect of the Aggregate Borrowing Base, the Canadian Borrowing Base or
the U.S. Borrowing Base. 

ARTICLE VIII. The Administrative Agent

(a) Appointment of Administrative Agent. 

As of the Fourth Restatement Date, upon the consummation of the Transactions, each Existing Administrative Agent shall cease to be an
Administrative Agent, an Agent, and a Canadian Administrative Agent, as applicable, under the Existing Credit Agreement. The Lenders, the Borrowers and Holdings hereby waive any notice requirement provided for
under the Existing Credit Agreement with respect to the resignation of the Existing Administrative Agents and the appointment of Barclays as successor Administrative Agent. 

Each of the Lender Parties hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and
authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such
actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 

(b) Canadian Considerations. 

Without limiting the generality of the paragraph above, for the purposes of creating a solidarit active in accordance with
Article 1541 of the Civil Code of Qubec, between each Lender Party, taken individually, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, on the other hand, each Loan Party, each such Lender Party and the Administrative Agent acknowledge
and agree with the Administrative Agent that each such Lender Party and the Administrative Agent are hereby conferred the legal status of solidary creditors of each Loan Party in respect of all Obligations, present and future, owed by each such Loan
Party to the Administrative Agent and each such Lender Party hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (collectively, the Solidary Claim). Each Loan Party which is not a signatory of this Agreement but is or may become a
signatory to any other Loan Documents shall be deemed to have accepted the provisions contained in this paragraph by its execution of such other Loan Documents. Accordingly, but subject (for the avoidance of doubt) to Article 1542 of the Civil
Code of Qubec, each such Loan Party is irrevocably bound towards the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party in respect of the entire Solidary Claim of the Administrative Agent and such Lender Party. As a result of the foregoing, the
parties hereto acknowledge that the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party shall at all times have a valid and effective right of action for the entire Solidary Claim of the Administrative Agent and such Lender Party and the right to give full
acquittance for same. The parties further agree and acknowledge that the Administrative Agents Liens on the Collateral under the Collateral Documents shall be granted to the Administrative Agent, for its own benefit and for the benefit of the
Lender Parties, as solidary creditor as hereinabove set forth. 

In addition, and without limiting any of the foregoing, for the purposes
of holding any security granted by any Borrower or any other Loan Party pursuant to the laws of the Province of Quebec to secure payment of any bond issued by any Borrower or any Loan Party, each of the Lender Parties hereby irrevocably appoints and
authorizes the Administrative Agent and, to the extent necessary, ratifies the appointment and authorization of the Administrative Agent, to act as the person holding the power of attorney (i.e. fond de pouvoir) and hypothecary
representative (in such capacity, the Attorney) of the Lender Parties as contemplated under Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Qubec, and to enter into, to take and to hold on its behalf, and for its benefit, any
hypothec, and to exercise such powers and duties that are conferred upon the Attorney under any hypothec. Moreover, without prejudice to such appointment and authorization to act as the person holding the power of attorney as aforesaid, each of the
Lender Parties hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Custodian) to act as agent and custodian for and on behalf of the Lender Parties to hold and be the sole registered holder
of any bond which may be 

125 

issued under any hypothec, the whole notwithstanding Section 32 of An Act respecting the special powers of legal persons (Quebec) or any other applicable law, and to execute all related
documents. Each of the Attorney and the Custodian shall: (a) have the sole and exclusive right and authority to exercise, except as may be otherwise specifically restricted by the terms hereof, all rights and remedies given to the Attorney and
the Custodian (as applicable) pursuant to any hypothec, bond, pledge, applicable laws or otherwise, (b) benefit from and be subject to all provisions hereof with respect to the Administrative Agent mutatis mutandis, including, without
limitation, all such provisions with respect to the liability or responsibility to and indemnification by the Lender Parties, and (c) be entitled to delegate from time to time any of its powers or duties under any hypothec, bond, or pledge on
such terms and conditions as it may determine from time to time. Any person who becomes a Lender Party shall, by its execution of an Assignment and Assumption, be deemed to have consented to and confirmed: (i) the Attorney as the person holding
the power of attorney as aforesaid and to have ratified, as of the date it becomes a Lender Party, all actions taken by the Attorney in such capacity, and (ii) the Custodian as the agent and custodian as aforesaid and to have ratified, as of
the date it becomes a Lender Party, all actions taken by the Custodian in such capacity. The substitution of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Article VIII shall also constitute the substitution of the Attorney and the
Custodian. 

All services rendered in Canada under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to be performed by the Administrative Agent
will be performed by a Canadian resident for purposes of the ITA or an authorized foreign bank for purposes of the Bank Act (Canada). 

(c) Rights as Lender Unimpaired. 

The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender
and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party or
other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 

(d) Limitation on Obligations and Duties of the
Administrative Agent. 

The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan
Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative
Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing
as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02), and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the
Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Loan Party or any of the Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as
Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the
Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default
unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower Representative or a Lender Party, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any
statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, (iii) the performance or
observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document, (iv) the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of any information (whether oral or written) set forth or in connection with any Loan
Document, (v) the legality, the validity, enforceability, effectiveness, adequacy or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (vi) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral or
the existence of the Collateral, or (vii) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.

126 

The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability
for relying upon, any representation, notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing or communication believed by it to be genuine, correct and to have been authorized, signed or sent by the proper Person.
The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made or authorized by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult
with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or
experts. 

The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more
sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent thereof may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of
the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities
provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. 

(e) Resignation of Administrative Agent. 

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may
resign at any time by notifying the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower Representative. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrowers (and, so long as no Event of Default described
in clauses (a), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII shall have occurred and be continuing, subject to the prior written consent of the Borrower Representative (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed)), to appoint a successor. If no
successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of
the Lender Parties, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a commercial bank or an Affiliate of any such commercial bank and shall be reasonably acceptable to the Borrowers. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative
Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges, obligations and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be
discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrowers and such successor.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to
resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrowers, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (a) the
retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, provided that, solely for purposes of maintaining any security interest and hypothecs granted to the
Administrative Agent under any Collateral Document for the benefit of the Lender Parties, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to be vested with such security interest and hypothecs as collateral agent for the benefit of the Lender
Parties and, in the case of any Collateral in the possession of the Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such Collateral, in each case until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and accepts such appointment in accordance
with this paragraph (it being understood and agreed that the retiring Administrative Agent shall have no duly or obligation to take any further action under any Collateral Document, including any action required to maintain the perfection of any
such security interest), and (b) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, provided that (i) all payments required to be made
hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (ii) all notices and other communications required or
contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall also directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agents resignation from its capacity as such, the
provisions of this Article, Section 2.17(d) and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring
Administrative Agent its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent and in respect of the matters referred to in the proviso under
clause (a) above. 

127 

(f) Additional Lender Acknowledgements. 

Each Lender Party acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on
such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender Party also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent
or any other Lender Party and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or
any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

Each Lender hereby agrees that (a) it has requested a copy
of each Report prepared by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent; (b) the Administrative Agent (i) makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the completeness or accuracy of any Report or any of the information
contained therein or any inaccuracy or omission contained in or relating to a Report and (ii) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report; (c) the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, and that any
Person performing any field examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan Parties books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties personnel
and that the Administrative Agent undertake no obligation to update, correct or supplement the Reports; (d) it will keep all Reports confidential and strictly for its internal use, not share the Report with any Loan Party or any other Person
except as otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement; and (e) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, it will pay and protect, and indemnify, defend, and hold the Administrative
Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including reasonable attorney fees) incurred by as the direct or indirect result of any
third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 

The Bookrunners and the Lead Arrangers shall
not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement, except in their capacities, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Issuing Bank hereunder other than those applicable to all Lenders
as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of such Lenders shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender hereby makes the same acknowledgments with respect to the relevant Lenders in their respective
capacities as Bookrunners and Lead Arrangers, as it makes with respect to the Administrative Agent in the preceding paragraph. 

The
Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Administrative Agent) authorized to act for, any other Lender. The Administrative Agent
shall have the exclusive right on behalf of the Lenders to enforce the payment of the principal of and interest on any Loan after the date such principal or interest has become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

The Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, is a representative of the Secured Parties within the meaning of the term
secured party as defined in the New York Uniform Commercial Code. Each Lender authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter into each of the Collateral Documents to which it is a party and to take all action contemplated by such
documents. Each Lender agrees that no Secured Party (other than the Administrative Agent) shall have the right individually to seek to realize upon the security granted by any Collateral Document, it being understood and agreed that such rights and
remedies may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lender Parties upon the terms of the Collateral Documents. In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Secured
Obligations, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, and hereby granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on behalf of the Lender Parties any Loan Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in
favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lender Parties. 

Each of the Lender Parties hereby agrees that the Administrative Agent
may enter into any intercreditor agreement and/or subordination agreement pursuant to, contemplated by or as requested by the Loan Parties in connection with the incurrence of debt and/or liens permitted, the terms of this Credit Agreement
(including with respect to Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01) on its behalf and agrees to be bound by the terms thereof. 

128 

(g) Erroneous Payments. 

Each Lender and each Issuing Bank (and each Participant of any of the foregoing, by its acceptance of a participation) hereby acknowledges and
agrees that if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or Issuing Bank that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds (or any portion thereof) received by such Lender or Issuing Bank (any of the foregoing, a
Payment Recipient) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment
Recipient) (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) and demands the return of such Payment, such Payment Recipient shall promptly, but in
no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment as to which such a demand was made. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this Section shall be
conclusive, absent manifest error. 

Without limitation of the preceding paragraph, each Payment Recipient further acknowledges and agrees
that if such Payment Recipient receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in an amount, or on a date different from the amount and/or date specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative
Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice), (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, or (z) that such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted,
or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), in each case, it understands and agrees at the time of receipt of such Payment that an error has been made (and that it is deemed to have knowledge of such error) with respect to such
Payment. Each Payment Recipient agrees that, in each such case, it shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day
thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made. 

Any Payment required to be returned by a Payment Recipient under this Section shall be made in same-day funds in the currency so received,
together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal
Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. Each Payment Recipient hereby agrees that it shall not assert and, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, hereby waives, any right to retain such Payment, and any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment or similar right to any demand by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payment
received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

The Borrower and
each other Subsidiary hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be
subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary except, in each case,
to the extent such erroneous Payment is, and with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary. 

Each partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Issuing Bank, the termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof)
under any Loan Document. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, this Section will not create any
additional obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents or otherwise increase or alter the Obligations. 

ARTICLE IX.
Miscellaneous

SECTION 9.01 Notices. (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly
permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered
mail or sent by facsimile or electronic mail, as follows: 

(i) if to any Loan Party, to the Borrower Representative at:

129 

WESCO Distribution, Inc. 

Suite 700 

225 West Station Square Drive 

Pittsburgh, PA 15219 

Attention: Treasurer 

Email: BBegg@wesco.com 

with copies to: 

WESCO Distribution, Inc. 

Suite 700 

225 West Station Square Drive 

Pittsburgh, PA 15219 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: DLazzaris@wesco.com 

Jones Day 

901 Lakeside Avenue 

Cleveland, OH 44114-1190 

Attention: Kevin Samuels 

Email: kmsamuels@jonesday.com 

(ii) if to the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lender, to: 

Barclays Bank PLC 

745 Seventh Avenue, 8th Floor 

New York, NY 10019 

Attention: Arup Ghosh 

Email: arup.ghosh@barclays.com 

(iii) if to any other Lender or any Issuing Bank, to it at its address, facsimile number or electronic mail address set forth
in its Administrative Questionnaire or in any other writing delivered by any such Person to the Administrative Agent. 

All such notices and other
communications (i) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received, or (ii) sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent,
provided that if not given during normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient, or (iii) delivered through
Electronic Systems to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below shall be effective as provided in such paragraph. 

(b) Notices and
other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II
or to compliance or Default certificates delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 or unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative (on behalf of the
Loan Parties) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices
or communications. All such notices and other communications (i) sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt
requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if not given during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the
opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing
clause (b)(i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 

130 

(c) Any party hereto may change its address, electronic mail address or facsimile number for
notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 

(d) Electronic Systems. 

(i) Each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as defined
below) available to the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or any other electronic system chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system
(collectively, an Electronic System). 

(e) (i) Although the Electronic System and its primary web portal are
secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Fourth Restatement Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Electronic
System is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Electronic System only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of
material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Electronic System, and that there may be
confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and each Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Electronic System and understands and assumes the risks of such
distribution. 

(ii) Any Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent is provided as is and as
available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory,
including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with
the Communications or any Electronic System. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to the Borrowers or the other Loan Parties, any Lender, the
Issuing Bank or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Borrowers, any Loan
Partys or the Administrative Agents transmission of communications through an Electronic System. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided
by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section,
including through an Electronic System. 

(iii) Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the
next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Electronic System shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees (i) to
notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lenders or Issuing Banks (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic
transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 

(iv) Each of the Lenders, Issuing
Bank and each Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Electronic System in accordance with the Administrative Agents
generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 

(v) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the
Administrative Agent, any Lender or Issuing Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 

131 

SECTION 9.02 Waivers; Amendments. (a) No failure or delay by any
Lender Party in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce
such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Lenders Parties, hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of
any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph
(b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or the issuance of a Letter of
Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether any Lender Party may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 

(b) Neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except
(i) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower Representative and the Required Lenders or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or
agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent (to the extent it is a party to such Loan Document) and each Loan Party that is a party thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall
(A) increase the U.S. Commitment or Canadian Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender), (B) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Loan or LC
Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon (other than any waiver of default interest or any increase in any commitment fee or participation fee during an Event of Default made with the consent of the Required Lenders), or reduce or forgive
any interest or fees (other than any waiver of default interest made with the consent of the Required Lenders) payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting
Lender), (C) postpone any scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any date for the payment of any interest, fees or other Obligations payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any
such payment, postpone the scheduled date of expiration of the Revolving Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby, (D) change
Section 2.18(b) in any manner adverse to any Lender without such Lenders consent or in a manner that would alter the manner in which payments are shared, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (E) increase
the advance rates set forth in the definition of Canadian Borrowing Base or U.S. Borrowing Base or add new categories of eligible assets, without the written consent of the Supermajority Revolving Lenders, (F) change any of the provisions of
this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or Supermajority Revolving Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders (or Lenders of any Class)
required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, (G) release any Loan Guarantor from its obligation under its Loan Guaranty or
Canadian Guarantee (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents), without the written consent of each Lender, (H) except as provided in clause (c) of this Section or in any Collateral Document, release all or
substantially all of the Collateral, without the written consent of each Lender; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any
Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Swingline Lender, as the case may be (it being understood that any change to Section 2.20 shall require the consent of the
Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lenders and the Issuing Banks). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the Administrative Agent may also amend the Revolving Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to
Section 9.04 and (y) any amendment entered into in connection with an Aggregate Commitment Increase or a Canadian Sublimit Increase pursuant to Section 2.09(f) or Section 2.09(g), as applicable, shall require only the signature
of the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers and the Lender(s) being added or increasing their Revolving Commitment(s) or Canadian Commitments, as applicable, except as otherwise provided in such Section 2.09(f). 

(c) The Lender Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to release
(x) any guaranty provided by an Excluded Subsidiary and (y) any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties or the Canadian Loan Parties or their respective Subsidiaries, as the case may be, on any Collateral
(i) upon the termination of all Revolving Commitments, payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Secured Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations), and the cash collateralization of all Unliquidated Obligations in a manner
reasonably satisfactory to each affected Lender Party, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Loan Party disposing of such property certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance
with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), and to the extent that the property being sold or disposed 

132 

of constitutes Equity Interest of a Subsidiary, the Administrative Agent is authorized to release any Loan Guaranty or Canadian Guarantee provided by such Subsidiary, (iii) constituting
property leased to a Loan Party under a lease which has expired or been terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, (iv) constituting an Account originated by a Loan Party which has been sold or otherwise transferred to WESCO
Receivables pursuant to the Receivables Securitization Agreements; (v) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to
Article VII; (vi) that constitutes Excluded Collateral (as defined in the U.S. Security Agreement or the Canadian Security Agreement), or (vii) otherwise having a value in the aggregate not in excess of $40,000,000 during any calendar
year. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent will not release any Liens on Collateral valued in the aggregate (A) in excess of $40,000,000 but not in excess of $100,000,000 during any calendar year without the
prior written authorization of the Required Lenders; and (B) in excess of $100,000,000 during any calendar year without the prior written authorization of the Supermajority Revolving Lenders; provided that the consent of all Lenders
shall be required for a release of all or substantially all of the Collateral as provided in Section 9.02(b)(H). Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly
being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Any execution and delivery by
the Administrative Agent of documents in connection with any such release shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. 

(d) If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender
affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but not obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting
Lender), then the Borrowers may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory
to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (1) shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all
purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04 and (2) such assignee bank or other entity
shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent, and (ii) the Borrowers shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but
unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by the Borrowers hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any,
equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. Each party hereto
agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower Representative, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement
incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Electronic System as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order
for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and
deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower Representative only, amend,
modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. 

SECTION 9.03 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. (a) The Borrowers shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one U.S. counsel and one Canadian counsel to the Administrative
Agent and its Affiliates (and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant material jurisdiction to all such persons, taken as a whole)), in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the
internet or through a service such as IntraLinks) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions of the Loan Documents (whether or
not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be 

133 

consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the applicable Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or
any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Issuing
Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued
hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect thereof. Subject to the limitations set forth herein or in the Collateral Documents, expenses being reimbursed by the
Borrowers under this Section include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates in connection with: 

(i) appraisals and insurance reviews; 

(ii) field examinations and the preparation of Reports based on the fees charged by a third party retained by the
Administrative Agent or the internally allocated fees for each Person employed by the Administrative Agent with respect to each field examination; 

(iii) taxes, fees and other charges for (A) lien searches and (B) recording the Collateral Documents, filing
financing statements and continuations, and other actions to perfect, protect, and continue the Administrative Agents Liens; 

(iv) sums paid or incurred to take any action required of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents that such Loan Party fails to
pay or take; and 

(v) forwarding loan proceeds, collecting checks and other items of payment, and establishing and
maintaining the accounts and lock boxes, and costs and expenses of preserving and protecting the Collateral. 

All of the foregoing costs and expenses may be charged to the Borrowers as Revolving Loans or to another deposit account, all as described in Section 2.18(c).

(b) The Borrowers shall, jointly and severally (subject to Section 12.01), indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each
Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, penalties, liabilities and related
expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for any Indemnitee but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to one counsel to such Indemnitees taken as a whole and, solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict
of interest, one additional counsel to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole (and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such persons, taken as a whole and, solely in the case of an actual or
potential conflict of interest, one additional local counsel to all affected indemnified persons, taken as a whole), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including any Borrower, any other Loan Party or any
shareholder or Affiliate of any Borrower or any other Loan Party) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by
the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal
by an Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release
of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries resulting in any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) the failure of the
Borrowers to deliver to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence with respect to a payment made by the Borrowers for Taxes pursuant to Section 2.17, or (v) any actual or prospective claim,
litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any
Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, penalties, liabilities or related expenses have resulted from (i) the willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of such Indemnitee (or any of its Related Parties), in each case as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court
of competent jurisdiction or (ii) any disputes solely 

134 

among Indemnitees and not arising out of any act or omission of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with
respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. Notwithstanding anything in
the Agreement to the contrary, no Loan Party nor any Indemnitee shall have any liability for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of,
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided further that, nothing in this paragraph (d) shall
relieve any Loan Party of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. All of the foregoing costs and expenses may be charged to
the Borrowers as Revolving Loans or to another deposit account, all as described in Section 2.18(c).

(c) To the
extent that any Loan Party fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank (or any Related Party of any of the foregoing) under paragraph
(a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, such Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank (or any Related Party of any of the foregoing), as the case may be, such Lenders Applicable
Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that the Loan Parties failure to pay any such amount shall not relieve any Loan Party of
any default in the payment thereof); provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, penalty, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, such
Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank in its capacity as such. 

(d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Loan Party shall assert,
and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee (i) for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems
(including the Internet), other than to the extent such damages are determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (or
any of its Related Parties), or (ii) on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other
Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this paragraph (d) shall relieve any Loan Party of any obligation it may
have to indemnify an Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third
party..

(e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after
written demand therefor. 

SECTION 9.04 Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) no Borrower may assign or otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by a Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise
transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties
of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph 9.04(b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than
(x) a natural person (or holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person), (y) a Defaulting Lender or (z) the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates) all or a
portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it): 

135 

(A) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) of the Borrower Representative (which consent shall be deemed to have been given by the Borrower Representative if the Borrower Representative shall not have responded within five Business Days of a request for such consent),
provided that no consent of the Borrower Representative shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee; 

(B) with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld); and 

(C) with the prior written consent of the Issuing Banks (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the
entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Revolving Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Revolving Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and
Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of
the Borrower Representative shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(B) each partial
assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement; 

(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption
or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Electronic System as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants,
together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; and 

(D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver
to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Loan Parties and their
Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignees compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal and state securities laws. 

For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the term Approved Fund has the following meaning: 

Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in
bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or
manages a Lender. 

(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from
and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under
this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all
of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a
Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with
paragraph (c) of this Section. 

136 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary
agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at one of its United States offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Revolving Commitment of, and
principal amount of (and stated interest on) the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest
error, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding
notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the
assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment
required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee
shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05, 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the
information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register
as provided in this paragraph. 

(c) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or
the Swingline Lenders, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving
Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of
such obligations and (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this
Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision
of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to
Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Subject to the following paragraph, the Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and
limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and
had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph
(b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the
extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. 

Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the
Borrowers to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender,
provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a
register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts of (and stated interest on) each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document

137 

(the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any
Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Aggregate Revolving Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is
necessary to establish that such Aggregate Revolving Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations and Proposed Treasury Regulations
Section 1.163-5(b) (or any amended or successor version). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner
of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a
Participant Register. 

(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this
Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank (or to any other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender), and this Section shall
not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for
such Lender as a party hereto. 

SECTION 9.05 Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the
Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall
survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that any Lender Party may
have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee
or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding (unless such Letter of Credit has been cash collateralized in accordance with Section 2.06(k)) and so long as the Revolving
Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the
repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Revolving Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 

SECTION 9.06 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties
hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees
payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.
Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear
the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this
Agreement by telecopy, emailed.pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be deemed to include
Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any
other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

SECTION 9.07 Severability. Any provision of any
Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

138 

SECTION 9.08 Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final)
at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrowers or any Loan Guarantor against any of and all the Secured Obligations held by such Lender, irrespective of
whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be unmatured. The applicable Lender shall notify the Borrower Representative and the Administrative Agent of such set-off or
application, provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such set-off or application under this Section. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other
rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 

SECTION 9.09 Governing Law; Jurisdiction;
Consent to Service of Process. (a) The Loan Documents (other than those containing a contrary express choice of law provision) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts) of the
State of New York, but giving effect to federal laws applicable to national banks; provided, however, that if the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York shall govern in regard to the validity, perfection or effect of
perfection of any Lien or in regard to procedural matters affecting enforcement of any Liens on all or any party of the Collateral, such laws of such other jurisdictions shall continue to apply to that extent. 

(b) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusiveexclusive jurisdiction of any
U.S. federal or New York State court sitting in New York County, New York in any action or proceeding (whether in contract or tort
or otherwise) arising out of or relating to any Loan Documents, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such
action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court; provided that claims with respect to Canadian Loan Documents may, as provided therein, also be tried in the
courts of the Province of Ontario. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by
law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its
properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. Any judicial proceeding (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) by
any Loan Party party hereto against the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any affiliate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender involving, directly or indirectly, any matter in any way arising out of, related to, or connected with this
Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than the Canadian Loan Documents) shall be brought only in a court in New York, New York.

(c) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection
which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties
hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

(d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing
in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

(e) Each Canadian Loan Party party hereto hereby irrevocably appoints the Borrower Representative as its agent for service of process with
respect to this Agreement and each other Loan Document and all other related agreements to which it is a party (the Process Agent) and the Borrower Representative hereby accepts such appointment as the Process Agent and hereby
agrees to forward promptly to each Canadian Loan Party party hereto all legal process addressed to such Canadian Loan Party received by the Process Agent. Each Canadian Loan Party party hereto hereby agrees that the failure of the Borrower
Representative to give any notice of any such service shall not impair or affect the validity of such service or of any judgment rendered in any action or proceeding based thereon. 

139 

To the extent any Canadian Loan Party party hereto has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice,
attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with respect to itself or its property, such Canadian Loan Party hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement and
each other Loan Document. 

SECTION 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON
CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO
ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

SECTION 9.11 Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of
reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

SECTION 9.12 Confidentiality. Each of the Lender Parties agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined
below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such
disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority, (c) to the extent required by Requirement of
Laws or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan
Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or
Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Loan Parties and their obligations, (g) with the
consent of the Borrower Representative
or,
(h) any financing sources, (i) rating agencies or (j) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to any Lender Party on a non-confidential basis from a
source other than the Borrowers unless such Lender Party knows that such information was obtained in violation of any confidentiality agreement or
arrangement. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein prohibits any individual from voluntarily
communicating or disclosing information regarding suspected violations of laws, rules, or regulations to a governmental, regulatory, or self-regulatory authority without any notification to any person. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrowers relating to the Borrowers or their business, other than any such information that is available
to any Lender Party on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrowers and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the
lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrowers after the Fourth Restatement Date, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the
confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person
would accord to its own confidential information. 

EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12
FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING HOLDINGS AND ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES
REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

140 

ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE
BORROWERS OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR
RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWERS AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL
NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

SECTION 9.13 Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law. The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several
and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to
any margin stock for the repayment of the Borrowings provided for herein. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, neither any Issuing Bank nor any Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the Borrowers in violation
of any Requirement of Law. 

SECTION 9.14 USA PATRIOT
Act; Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Each Lender that is subject to
the requirements of the USA
PatriotPATRIOT Act (Title III of
Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the USA
PatriotPATRIOT
Act) hereby notifies Holdings and the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA
PatriotPATRIOT Act, it is required
to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Holdings, the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties, which information includes the names and addresses of Holdings, the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties and other information that will
allow such Lender to identify Holdings, the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties in accordance with the USA PatriotPATRIOT
Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

SECTION 9.15 Disclosure. Each Loan Party and each Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent
and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates. 

SECTION 9.16 Appointment for Perfection. Each Lender Party hereby appoints each other Lender Party as its agent for the purpose of
perfecting Liens, for the benefit of the Lender Parties or the Canadian Lender Parties, as the case may be, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC, the PPSA, the Securities Transfer Act (Ontario) or any other applicable
law can be perfected only by possession. Should any Lender Party (other than the Administrative Agent) obtain possession of any such Collateral, such Lender Party shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Administrative
Agents request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agents instructions. 

SECTION 9.17 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate
applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum
Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in
respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated
and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate (in
the case of dollar denominated amounts) or the Canadian Overnight Rate (in the case of Canadian Dollar denominated amounts) to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 

SECTION 9.18 Judgment Currency Conversion. (a) The obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder and under the other Loan
Documents to make payments in dollars or in Canadian Dollars, as the case may be (the Obligation Currency), shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender or recovery pursuant to any judgment 

141 

expressed in or converted into any currency other than the Obligation Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery results in the effective receipt by the applicable Loan Party of
the full amount of the Obligation Currency expressed to be payable to the applicable Loan Party under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. If, for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against any Loan Party in any court or in any
jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into or from any currency other than the Obligation Currency (such other currency being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Currency) an amount due in the Obligation Currency, the
conversion shall be made, at the Administrative Agents quoted rate of exchange prevailing, in each case, as of the date immediately preceding the day on which the judgment is given (such Business Day being hereinafter referred to as the
Judgment Currency Conversion Date). 

(b) If there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Judgment
Currency Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the Loan Parties each covenant and agree to pay, or cause to be paid, such additional amounts, if any (but in any event not a lesser amount), as may be necessary to ensure
that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of the Obligation Currency which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency
stipulated in the judgment or judicial award at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Judgment Currency Conversion Date. Any amount due from a Loan Party under this Section 9.18 shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by
judgment being obtained for any other amounts due under or in respect of any of the Loan Documents. 

(c) For purposes of determining the
prevailing rate of exchange, such amounts shall include any premium and costs payable in connection with the purchase of the Obligation Currency. 

SECTION 9.19 Canadian Anti-Money Laundering Legislation. (a) Each Borrower acknowledges that, pursuant to the Proceeds of
Crime Act and other applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing, government sanction and know your client laws (collectively, including any guidelines or orders thereunder, AML Legislation), the Lender
Parties may be required to obtain, verify and record information regarding the Borrowers and their respective directors, authorized signing officers, direct or indirect shareholders or other Persons in control of the Borrowers, and the transactions
contemplated hereby. Each Borrower shall promptly provide all such information, including supporting documentation and other evidence, as may be reasonably requested by any Lender Party or any prospective assignee or Participant of a Lender, any
Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent, in order to comply with any applicable AML Legislation, whether now or hereafter in existence. 

(b) If the Administrative Agent has ascertained the identity of any Borrower or any authorized signatories of the Borrower for the purposes of
applicable AML Legislation, then the Administrative Agent: 

(i) shall be deemed to have done so as an agent for each Lender
Party, and this Agreement shall constitute a written agreement in such regard between each Lender Party and the Administrative Agent within the meaning of the applicable AML Legislation; and 

(ii) shall provide to each Lender Party copies of all information obtained in such regard without any representation or
warranty as to its accuracy or completeness. 

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence and except as may otherwise be agreed in writing,
each of the Lender Parties agrees that the Administrative Agent has no obligation to ascertain the identity of the Borrowers or any authorized signatories of the Borrowers on behalf of any Lender Party, or to confirm the completeness or accuracy of
any information it obtains from any Borrower or any such authorized signatory in doing so. 

SECTION 9.20 Lender Loss Sharing
Agreement. (a) Definitions. As used in this Section 9.20, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(i) CAM means the mechanism for the allocation and exchange of interests in the Loans, participations in
Letters of Credit and collections thereunder established under Section 9.20(b). 

142 

(ii) CAM Exchange means the exchange of the U.S.
Lenders interests and the Canadian Lenders interests provided for in Section 9.20(b). 

(iii) CAM
Exchange Date means the first date after the Fourth Restatement Date on which there shall occur (a) any event described in paragraphs (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII with respect to any Borrower, or (b) an acceleration of
Loans and termination of the Revolving Commitments pursuant to Article VII. 

(iv) CAM Percentage
means as to each Lender, a fraction, (a) the numerator of which shall be the aggregate amount of such Lenders Revolving Commitments immediately prior to the CAM Exchange Date and the termination of the Revolving Commitments, and
(b) the denominator of which shall be the amount of the Revolving Commitments of all the Lenders immediately prior to the CAM Exchange Date and the termination of the Revolving Commitments. 

(v) Designated Obligations means all Obligations of the Borrowers with respect to (a) principal and
interest under the Loans, (b) unreimbursed drawings under Letters of Credit and interest thereon and (c) fees under Section 2.12. 

(vi) Revolver Facility means the facility established under the U.S. Commitments and the Canadian
Commitments. 

(b) CAM Exchange. 

(i) On the CAM Exchange Date, 

(A) the U.S. Commitments and the Canadian Commitments shall have terminated in accordance with Article VII; 

(B) each U.S. Lender shall fund its participation in any outstanding Swingline Loans and Protective Advances in accordance with
Section 2.04 and Section 2.05 of this Agreement, and each Canadian Lender shall fund its participation in any outstanding Swingline Loans and Protective Advances in accordance with Section 2.04 and Section 2.05; 

(C) each U.S. Lender shall fund its participation in any unreimbursed LC Disbursements made under the U.S. Letters of Credit in
accordance with Section 2.06(e), and each Canadian Lender shall fund its participation in any unreimbursed LC Disbursements made under the Canadian Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 2.06(e); and 

(D) the Lenders shall purchase in dollars at par interests in the Designated Obligations under each Revolver Facility (and
shall make payments in dollars to the Administrative Agent for reallocation to other Lenders to the extent necessary to give effect to such purchases) and shall assume the obligations to reimburse Issuing Banks for unreimbursed LC Disbursements
under outstanding Letters of Credit under such Revolver Facility such that, in lieu of the interests of each Lender in the Designated Obligations under the U.S. Commitments and the Canadian Commitments in which it shall have participated immediately
prior to the CAM Exchange Date, such Lender shall own an interest equal to such Lenders CAM Percentage in each component of the Designated Obligations immediately following the CAM Exchange. 

(ii) Each Lender and each Person acquiring a participation from any Lender as contemplated by this Section 9.20 hereby
consents and agrees to the CAM Exchange. Each Borrower agrees from time to time to execute and deliver to the Lenders all such promissory notes and other instruments and documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request to evidence and
confirm the respective interests and obligations of the Lenders after giving effect to the CAM Exchange, and each Lender agrees to surrender any promissory notes originally received by it in connection with its Loans under this Agreement to the
Administrative Agent against delivery of any promissory notes so executed and delivered; provided that the failure of any Lender to deliver or accept any such promissory note, instrument or document shall not affect the validity or
effectiveness of the CAM Exchange. 

143 

(iii) As a result of the CAM Exchange, from and after the CAM Exchange Date,
each payment received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any Loan Document in respect of any of the Designated Obligations shall be distributed to the Lenders, pro rata in accordance with their respective CAM Percentages. 

(iv) In the event that on or after the CAM Exchange Date, the aggregate amount of the Designated Obligations shall change as a
result of the making of a disbursement under a Letter of Credit by an Issuing Bank that is not reimbursed by the U.S. Borrowers or the Canadian Borrowers, if applicable, then each Lender shall promptly reimburse such Issuing Bank in dollars for the
Dollar Amount of its CAM Percentage of such unreimbursed payment. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 9.20, each
Lender Party agrees that if any Lender Party is required under applicable law to withhold or deduct any taxes or other amounts from payments made by it hereunder or as a result hereof, such Person shall be entitled to withhold or deduct such amounts
and pay over such taxes or other amounts to the applicable Governmental Authority imposing such tax without any obligation to indemnify any Lender Party with respect to such amounts and without any other obligation of gross up or offset with respect
thereto and there shall be no recourse whatsoever by any Lender Party subject to such withholding to any other Lender Party making such withholding and paying over such amounts, but without diminution of the rights of such Lender Party subject to
such withholding as against Borrowers and the other Loan Parties to the extent (if any) provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any amounts so withheld or deducted shall be treated as, for the purpose of this Section 9.20,
having been paid to such Lender Party to which such withholding or deduction was made. 

SECTION 9.21 Restatement. (a) As
of the Fourth Restatement Date, the terms, conditions, agreements, covenants, representations and warranties set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby amended, restated, replaced and superseded in their entirety by this Agreement,
provided that (a) nothing herein shall impair or adversely affect the continuation of the liability and obligations of the Loan Parties under the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, (b) nothing herein shall be construed to
constitute payment of, or impair, limit, cancel or extinguish, or constitute a novation in respect of, the Indebtedness and other obligations and liabilities of the Loan Parties evidenced by or arising under the Existing Credit Agreement or the
other Existing Loan Documents, as amended hereby, and (c) nothing herein shall be construed to impair, limit, terminate, release or adversely affect the liens and security interests in favor of the Administrative Agent securing such
Indebtedness and other obligations and liabilities. 

(b) Each Loan Party and each Lender Party that is a party to the Existing Credit
Agreement immediately prior to the Fourth Restatement Date hereby: (i) acknowledges and agrees that such Person has received and fully reviewed the Agency Transfer Agreement; (ii) consents to the execution and delivery by each of JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch in their respective capacities as Existing Administrative Agents, of the Agency Transfer Agreement, the resignation by each of Existing Administrative Agents from their respective roles
as U.S. administrative agent and Canadian administrative agent under the Existing Credit Agreement, and the appointment of Barclays Bank PLC as Administrative Agent under this Agreement; (iii) waives all notice requirements under the Existing
Credit Agreement with respect to the resignation of the Existing Administrative Agents and the appointment of the Administrative Agent; (iv) agrees to all of the terms and provisions of the Agency Transfer Agreement; and (v) agrees that
from and after the Fourth Restatement Date, neither of the Existing Administrative Agents shall have any duties, responsibilities, obligations or other liabilities to any Lender Party in respect of any agency role under this Agreement or any duties,
responsibilities, obligations or other liabilities to any Loan Party or Lender Party under the Existing Credit Agreement, except as otherwise set forth in the Agency Transfer Agreement. Each of the Existing Administrative Agents shall be entitled to
rely upon the agreements of the Loan Parties and the Lender Parties set forth in this Section 9.21(b). 

SECTION 9.22
Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, each Lender acknowledges that from and after the date of incurrence of any Permitted Term Debt, the Liens and security interest granted to
the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents and the exercise of any right or remedy by such Administrative Agent thereunder are subject to the provisions of the applicable Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement. In the event
of any conflict between the terms of the applicable Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement and the Collateral Documents, the terms of such Permitted Term Debt Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. 

144 

SECTION 9.23 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all
aspects of each transaction contemplated by this Agreement, the Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that (a)(i) this credit facility and any related arranging or other services by the Administrative Agent, the Bookrunners, the Lead Arrangers,
the Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates are arms-length commercial transactions between the Loan Parties and such Person or Persons; (ii) the Loan Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors
to the extent they have deemed appropriate; and (iii) the Loan Parties are capable of evaluating, and understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;
(b) each of the Administrative Agent, the Bookrunners, the Lead Arrangers, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not
been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Loan Parties, any of their Affiliates or any other Person, and has no obligation with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents except as expressly
set forth herein or therein; and (c) the Administrative Agent, the Bookrunners, the Lead Arrangers, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the
Loan Parties and their Affiliates, and have no obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Loan Parties or their Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may
have against the Administrative Agent, the Bookrunners, the Lead Arrangers, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates with respect to any breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any
other Loan Document. 

SECTION 9.24 Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or
for the benefit of any Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders funding of, entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the
Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Revolving Commitments, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs,
such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company
general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance
of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an
investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter
into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the
Revolving Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of
PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole
discretion, and such Lender. 

145 

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is
true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date
such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger
and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of any Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with
respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 

(c) The Administrative Agent and each Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment
advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may
receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the
Revolving Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Revolving Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees,
utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees
similar to the foregoing. 

SECTION 9.25 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any
Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is the Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on
any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

SECTION 9.26
Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit
Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title
II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the
provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

146 

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered
Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC
Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the
Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered
Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are
permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United
States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC
Credit Support. 

ARTICLE X. [Reserved.]

ARTICLE XI. The Borrower Representative 

SECTION 11.01 Appointment; Nature of Relationship. WESCO Distribution, Inc., a Delaware corporation, is hereby appointed by each
of the Borrowers as its contractual representative (herein referred to as the Borrower Representative) hereunder and under each other Loan Document, and each of the Borrowers irrevocably authorizes the Borrower Representative to
act as the contractual representative of such Borrower with the rights and duties expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. The Borrower Representative agrees to act as such contractual representative upon the express conditions
contained in this Article XI. Additionally, the Borrowers hereby appoint the Borrower Representative as their agent to receive all of the proceeds of the Loans in the Funding Account(s), at which time the Borrower Representative shall promptly
disburse such Loans to the appropriate Borrower, subject to the limits as between Canadian Borrowers and U.S. Borrowers contained in this Agreement. None of the Lender Parties and their respective officers, directors, agents or employees, shall be
liable to the Borrower Representative or any Borrower for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Borrower Representative or the Borrowers pursuant to this Section 11.01. 

SECTION 11.02 Powers. The Borrower Representative shall have and may exercise such powers under the Loan Documents as are
specifically delegated to the Borrower Representative by the terms of each thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Borrower Representative shall have no implied duties to the Borrowers, or any obligation to the
Lender Parties to take any action thereunder except any action specifically provided by the Loan Documents to be taken by the Borrower Representative. 

SECTION 11.03 Employment of Agents. The Borrower Representative may execute any of its duties as the Borrower Representative
hereunder and under any other Loan Document by or through authorized officers. 

SECTION 11.04 Notices. Each Borrower shall
immediately notify the Borrower Representative of the occurrence of any Default or unmatured Default hereunder referring to this Agreement describing such Default or unmatured Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default.
In the event that the Borrower Representative receives such a notice, the Borrower Representative shall give prompt notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties. Any notice provided to the Borrower Representative hereunder shall
constitute notice to each Borrower on the date received by the Borrower Representative. 

SECTION 11.05 Successor Borrower
Representative. Upon the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower Representative may resign at any time, such resignation to be effective upon the appointment of a successor Borrower Representative. The Administrative
Agent shall give prompt written notice of such resignation to the Lender Parties. 

147 

SECTION 11.06 Execution of Loan Documents; Borrowing Base Certificate. The
Borrowers hereby empower and authorize the Borrower Representative, on behalf of the Borrowers, to execute and deliver to the Lender Parties the Loan Documents and all related agreements, certificates, documents, or instruments as shall be necessary
or appropriate to effect the purposes of the Loan Documents, including without limitation, the Borrowing Base Certificates and the Compliance Certificates. Each Borrower agrees that any action taken by the Borrower Representative or the Borrowers in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and the exercise by the Borrower Representative of its powers set forth therein or herein, together with such other powers that are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be
binding upon all of the Borrowers. 

SECTION 11.07 Reporting. Each Borrower hereby agrees that such Borrower shall furnish
promptly after each fiscal month to the Borrower Representative a copy of any certificate or report required hereunder or requested by the Borrower Representative on which the Borrower Representative shall rely to prepare the Borrowing Base
Certificates and Compliance Certificates required pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE XII. Limitations on Obligations
of Canadian Loan Parties

SECTION 12.01 Limitations. Notwithstanding provision to the contrary set forth in this Credit
Agreement or any of the Loan Documents, the obligations of the Canadian Loan Parties (other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors), and Anixter Mid Holdings B.V. shall be limited to the Canadian Obligations and in no event shall any Canadian Loan Party
(other than the Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors) or Anixter Mid Holdings B.V. be liable for, guarantee or otherwise have any obligation with respect to, nor shall any such entitys assets secure any U.S. Secured Obligations, whether
arising under any provisions of such documents relating to guaranty, set off, contribution, subrogation, indemnity, requirements to post collateral, use of deposits or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 12.01 shall have no
application to the loss sharing agreement set forth in Section 9.20. 

[Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank] 

148 

Exhibit B 

LOAN PARTIES 

U.S. Borrowers:

Wesco Distribution, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

Atlanta Electrical Distributors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

Calvert Wire & Cable Corporation, a Delaware corporation 

Carlton-Bates Company, an Arkansas corporation 

Communications
Supply Corporation, a Connecticut corporation 

Conney Safety Products, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

Hi-Line Utility Supply Company, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company 

Hill Country Electric Supply, L.P., a Texas limited partnership 

TVC Communications, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 

WESCO Equity Corporation, a Delaware corporation 

WESCO Nevada,
Ltd., a Nevada corporation 

Anixter Inc., a Delaware corporation 

U.S. Loan Guarantors: 

CDW Holdco, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company 

TVC International Holding, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 

WDC Holding Inc., a Delaware corporation 

WDCH US LP, a Delaware
limited partnership 

WESCO Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

WESCO International, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

WESCO Nigeria,
Inc., a Delaware corporation 

WESCO SERVICES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

Wesco Anixter USVI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

Accu-Tech Corporation, a Georgia corporation 

Anixter Power
Solutions Inc., a Michigan corporation 

Rahi Systems Holdings US, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

Rahi Systems Inc, a California corporation 

XpressConnect Supply,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

Anixter Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

Ascent, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company 

Canadian Borrowers: 

WESCO Distribution Canada LP,
an Ontario limited partnership 

EECOL Electric Corp., an Alberta corporation 

Hazmasters Inc., an Ontario corporation 

Anixter Canada Inc., a
Canadian corporation 

ANIXTER POWER SOLUTIONS CANADA INC., an Ontario corporation 

XpressConnect Supply Canada, Ltd., a Canadian corporation 

Canadian Loan Guarantors: 

EECOL Properties Corp., an Alberta corporation 

WESCO Canada GP
Inc., an Ontario corporation 

WESCO DC Holding I LP, an Ontario limited partnership 

WESCO DC Holding II LP, an Ontario limited partnership 

WESCO DC
Holding III LP, an Ontario limited partnership 

WESCO DC Holding IV LP, an Ontario limited partnership 

Pro Canadian Holdings I, ULC, a Nova Scotia unlimited liability company 

Anixter U.S. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

Canadian Cross-Border Loan Guarantors: 

WESCO
Distribution Canada Co., a Nova Scotia corporation 

WESCO Distribution II ULC, a Nova Scotia unlimited liability company 

Exhibit C 

Annex I 

Existing PNC
Letter of Credit 

Bank Applicant Beneficiary/Guarantee

Beneficiary L/C

Number Currency Issue

Date Expiration

Date Amount 

PNC Bank, National Association Ascent, LLC [******] [******] USD 9/28/23 9/28/25 $ 500,000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d861758dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

Execution Version 

NINTH
AMENDMENT TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED 

RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

THIS NINTH AMENDMENT TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment), dated as of
February 28, 2025, is entered into among WESCO RECEIVABLES CORP. (the Seller), WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC. (WESCO or the Servicer), the Purchasers party hereto (each, a
Purchaser), the Purchaser Agents party hereto (each, a Purchaser Agent), and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrator (the Administrator). 

RECITALS 

1. The Seller,
the Servicer, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent and the Administrator are parties to the Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2020 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified through
the date hereof, the Agreement). 

2. Concurrently herewith, the Seller, the Servicer and the Originators are entering
into that certain Fourth Amendment to the Purchase and Sale Agreement (the PSA Amendment). 

3. The parties hereto
desire to amend the Agreement as hereinafter set forth. 

NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Certain Defined Terms. Capitalized terms that
are used herein without definition and that are defined in Exhibit I to the Agreement shall have the same meanings herein as therein defined. 

2. Amendments to the Agreement. The Agreement is hereby amended to reflect the marked changes shown on Exhibit A to this
Amendment. 

3. Representations and Warranties. The Seller and the Servicer hereby represent and warrant to each of the
parties hereto as follows: 

3.1 Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties contained in
Exhibit III of the Agreement, as amended hereby, are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof; provided, that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse
Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates). 

3.2 No Default. Both before and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated
hereby, no Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event exists or shall exist. 

4. Effect of Amendment. All provisions of the Agreement, as expressly amended
and modified by this Amendment shall remain in full force and effect. As of and after the date hereof, all references in the Agreement (or in any other Transaction Document) to this Agreement, hereof, herein or
words of similar effect referring to the Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Agreement as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment shall not be deemed, either expressly or impliedly, to waive, amend or supplement any provision of the
Agreement other than as set forth herein. 

5. Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof,
upon receipt by the Administrator of each of the documents, opinions, certificates and searches listed on Exhibit B hereto, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator. 

6. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts,
each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

7. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. 

7.1 THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR
SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 

7.2 ANY LEGAL ACTION OR
PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AMENDMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK; AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AMENDMENT, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF
VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED HERETO. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH SERVICE MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY NEW YORK LAW. 

8. Section Headings. The various headings of this Amendment are included for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning
or interpretation of this Amendment, the Agreement or any provision hereof or thereof. 

9. Consents. The parties hereto
hereby consent to the entry into the PSA Amendment by the Seller, the Servicer, the Originators and the New Originator (as defined in the PSA Amendment). 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first
written above. 

WESCO RECEIVABLES CORP.

By: /s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Treasurer

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC.,

as
Servicer

By: /s/ Brian M. Begg

Name: Brian M. Begg

Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer

S-1 

Ninth Amendment to

Fifth A&R RPA

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a Committed Purchaser

By: /s/ Imad Naja

Name: Imad Naja

Title: Senior Vice President

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as
Purchaser Agent for PNC Bank, National Association

By: /s/ Imad Naja

Name: Imad Naja

Title: Senior Vice President

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as
Administrator

By: /s/ Imad Naja

Name: Imad Naja

Title: Senior Vice President

S-2 

Ninth Amendment to

Fifth A&R RPA

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Committed Purchaser

By: /s/ Anthony Ballard

Name: Anthony Ballard

Title: Vice President

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Purchaser Agent for Wells Fargo Bank, National Association

By: /s/ Anthony Ballard

Name: Anthony Ballard

Title: Vice President

S-3 

Ninth Amendment to

Fifth A&R RPA

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Committed Purchaser

By: /s/ Matt Glahn

Name: Matt Glahn

Title: AVP

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Purchaser Agent for Fifth Third Bank, National Association

By: /s/ Matt Glahn

Name: Matt Glahn

Title: AVP

S-4 

Ninth Amendment to

Fifth A&R RPA

LIBERTY STREET FUNDING LLC, as a Conduit Purchaser

By: /s/ Kevin J. Corrigan

Name: Kevin J. Corrigan

Title: Vice President

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as Purchaser Agent for Liberty Street Funding LLC and a Committed Purchaser

By: /s/ John Gjata

Name: John Gjata

Title: Managing Director

S-5 

Ninth Amendment to

Fifth A&R RPA

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA, in its capacity as trustee of RELIANT TRUST, by its U.S. Financial Services Agent, THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, as a Conduit Purchaser

By: /s/ Luna Mills

Name: Luna Mills

Title: Managing Director

GTA FUNDING LLC, as a Conduit Purchaser

By: /s/ Kevin J. Corrigan

Name: Kevin J. Corrigan

Title: Vice President

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, as Purchaser Agent for Reliant Trust and GTA Funding LLC and a Committed Purchaser

By: /s/ Luna Mills

Name: Luna Mills

Title: Managing Director

S-6 

Ninth Amendment to

Fifth A&R RPA

BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Committed Purchaser

By: /s/ Chris Haynes

Name: Chris Haynes

Title: Senior Vice President

BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Purchaser Agent for Bank of America, N.A.

By: /s/ Chris Haynes

Name: Chris Haynes

Title: Senior Vice President

S-7 

Ninth Amendment to

Fifth A&R RPA

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, as a Purchaser Agent for Macro Trust and Bay Square Funding LLC and as a Committed Purchaser

By: /s/ Nicole Persad

Name: Nicole Persad

Title: Authorized Signatory

By: /s/ Sunil Adalja

Name: Sunil Adalja

Title: Authorized Signatory

BAY SQUARE FUNDING LLC, as a Conduit Purchaser

By: /s/ Kevin J. Corrigan

Name: Kevin J. Corrigan

Title: Vice President

By: /s/ Bernard J. Angelo

Name: Bernard J. Angelo

Title: Vice President

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA, in its capacity as trustee of MACRO TRUST, by its Financial Services Agent, CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, as a Conduit Purchaser

By: /s/ Nicole Persad

Name: Nicole Persad

Title: Authorized Signatory

By: /s/ Sunil Adalja

Name: Sunil Adalja

Title: Authorized Signatory

S-8 

Ninth Amendment to

Fifth A&R RPA

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Committed Purchaser

By: /s/ Jennifer Jordan

Name: Jennifer Jordan

Title: Vice President

HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC., as Purchaser Agent for HSBC Bank USA, National Association

By: /s/ Nicholas Walach

Name: Nicholas Walach

Title: Managing Director

S-9 

Ninth Amendment to

Fifth A&R RPA

Exhibit A 

[Attached] 

Exhibit A-1 

EXHIBIT A TO AMENDMENT
89, DATED AS OF MARCH 8FEBRUARY 28, 20242025

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

dated as of June 22, 2020 

among 

WESCO RECEIVABLES CORP.,

as Seller, 

WESCO
DISTRIBUTION, INC., 

as Servicer, 

THE VARIOUS PURCHASER GROUPS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO 

and 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, 

as Administrator 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I. AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE PURCHASES 2 

Section 1.1. Purchase Facility. 2 

Section 1.2. Making Purchases. 3 

Section 1.3. Purchased Interest Computation. 6 

Section 1.4. Settlement Procedures. 6 

Section 1.5. Fees. 11 

Section 1.6. Payments and Computations, Etc. 11 

Section 1.7. Increased Costs. 12 

Section 1.8. Requirements of Law. 13 

Section 1.9. [Reserved]Defaulting Purchasers. 14 

Section 1.10. Extension of Termination Date. 1416 

Section 1.11. Increase in Commitments. 1416 

Section 1.12. Discount Rates. 1618 

ARTICLE II. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; COVENANTS; TERMINATION EVENTS 2425 

Section 2.1. Representations and Warranties; Covenants. 2425 

Section 2.2. Termination Events. 2425 

ARTICLE III. INDEMNIFICATION 2426 

Section 3.1. Indemnities by the Seller. 2426 

Section 3.2. Indemnities by the Servicer. 2627 

ARTICLE IV. ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTIONS 2628 

Section 4.1. Appointment of the Servicer. 2628 

Section 4.2. Duties of the Servicer. 2729 

Section 4.3. Lock-Box Account Arrangements. 2830 

Section 4.4. Enforcement Rights. 2930 

Section 4.5. Responsibilities of the Seller. 3031 

Section 4.6. Servicing Fee. 3032 

Section 4.7. [Reserved]. 3032 

Section 4.8. Erroneous Payment. 3132 

ARTICLE V. THE AGENTS 3233 

Section 5.1. Appointment and Authorization. 3233 

Section 5.2. Delegation of Duties. 3334 

Section 5.3. Exculpatory Provisions. 3334 

Section 5.4. Reliance by Agents. 3335 

Section 5.5. [Reserved]. 3436 

Section 5.6. Notice of Termination Events. 3436 

i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page

Section 5.7. Non-Reliance on Administrator, Purchaser Agents and Other Purchasers. 3436

Section 5.8. Administrators and Affiliates. 3536

Section 5.9. Indemnification. 3537

Section 5.10. Successor Administrator. 3537

ARTICLE VI. MISCELLANEOUS 3638

Section 6.1. Amendments, Etc. 3638

Section 6.2. Notices, Etc. 3738

Section 6.3. Successors and Assigns; Participations; Assignments. 3739

Section 6.4. Costs, Expenses and Taxes. 3941

Section 6.5. No Proceedings; Limitation on Payments. 3941

Section 6.6. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION. 4042

Section 6.7. Execution in Counterparts. 4043

Section 6.8. Survival of Termination. 4043

Section 6.9. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 4043

Section 6.10. Sharing of Recoveries. 4143

Section 6.11. Right of Setoff. 4143

Section 6.12. Entire Agreement. 4144

Section 6.13. Headings. 4144

Section 6.14. Purchaser Groups Liabilities Limitation of Liability. 4144

Section 6.15. Pledge to a Federal Reserve Bank. 4244

Section 6.16. Confidentiality. 4245

Section 6.17. Mutual Negotiations. 4346

Section 6.18. Credit AgreementReplacement of Purchasers, Affected Entities
and Agents. 4346

Section 6.19. USA Patriot Act. 4347

Section 6.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 4347

Section 6.21. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. 4448

ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

EXHIBIT I Definitions

EXHIBIT II Conditions Precedent

EXHIBIT III Representations and Warranties

EXHIBIT IV Covenants

EXHIBIT V Termination Events

SCHEDULE I Credit and Collection Policy

SCHEDULE II [Reserved]

SCHEDULE III Trade Names

SCHEDULE IV Notice Information

SCHEDULE V Subject Anixter Filing[Reserved]

SCHEDULE VI Commitments

SCHEDULE VII Scheduled Commitment Termination Date

SCHEDULE VIII Subject UCC[Reserved]

SCHEDULE IX [Reserved]

SCHEDULE X Excluded Receivables

SCHEDULE XI Closing Memorandum

ANNEX A Form of Information Package

ANNEX B Form of Purchase Notice

ANNEX C Form of Daily Report

ANNEX D Form of Assumption Agreement

ANNEX E Form of Transfer Supplement

iii 

This FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (as amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement) is entered into as of June 22, 2020, among WESCO RECEIVABLES CORP., a Delaware corporation, as seller (the Seller), WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC., a Delaware
corporation (WESCO), as initial servicer (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Servicer), THE VARIOUS CONDUIT PURCHASERS, COMMITTED PURCHASERS AND PURCHASER
AGENTS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrator for each Purchaser Group (in such capacity, the Administrator). 

Concurrently herewith, the Seller, the Servicer and the Originators are entering into that certain Second Amended and Restated Purchase and
Sale Agreement (as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase and Sale Agreement), dated as of the date hereof. The parties hereto hereby consent to such
amendment and restatement.

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS. Certain terms that are capitalized and used throughout this Agreement are defined in
Exhibit I. References in the Exhibits hereto to the Agreement refer to this Agreement, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

In consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT; JOINDER OF PARTIES; REBALANCING 

(a) Amendment and Restatement. This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety, as of the Closing Date, the Fourth Amended and
Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2015 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Original Agreement), among the Seller, the Servicer, the various
Conduit Purchasers, Committed Purchasers and Purchaser Agents from time to time party thereto and the Administrator. Notwithstanding the amendment and restatement of the Original Agreement by this Agreement, (i) the Seller and Servicer shall
continue to be liable to each of the parties to the Original Agreement or any other Indemnified Party or Affected Person (as such terms are defined in the Original Agreement) for fees and expenses which are accrued and unpaid under the Original
Agreement on the date hereof and all agreements to indemnify such parties in connection with events or conditions arising or existing prior to the effective date of this Agreement, (ii) the security interest created under the Original Agreement
in favor of the Administrator shall remain in full force and effect under this Agreement and (iii) all Investment and Discount outstanding or owing under the Original Agreement shall be and constitute Investment and Discount outstanding or
owing under this Agreement. Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, each reference to the Original Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement shall mean and be a reference to this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, unless expressly
herein stated to the contrary, is intended to amend, modify or otherwise affect any other instrument, document or agreement executed and/or delivered in connection with the Original Agreement. 

(b) Joinder of Parties. Effective as of the date hereof, (i) each of Canadian
Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch, Bank of America, N.A. and HSBC Bank USA, N.A. hereby becomes a party to this Agreement as a Committed Purchaser hereunder with all the rights, interests, duties and obligations of a Committed Purchaser
hereunder, (ii) Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch, as a Committed Purchaser, shall constitute the sole member of a new Purchaser Group, which does not initially include a Conduit Purchaser, and Canadian Imperial Bank of
Commerce, New York Branch, hereby appoints itself as the Purchaser Agent for such Purchaser Group, (iii) Bank of America, N.A., as a Committed Purchaser, shall constitute the sole member of a new Purchaser Group, which does not initially
include a Conduit Purchaser, and Bank of America, N.A. hereby appoints itself as the Purchaser Agent for such Purchaser Group, (iv) HSBC Bank USA, N.A., as a Committed Purchaser, shall constitute a new Purchaser Group and HSBC Bank USA, N.A.
hereby appoints HSBC Securities USA Inc. as the Purchaser Agent for such Purchaser Group and (v) each of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Bank of America, N.A. and HSBC Securities USA, Inc. hereby becomes a party to this Agreement as a
Purchaser Agent hereunder with all the rights, interests, duties and obligations of a Purchaser Agent hereunder. 

(c) Initial
Purchases; Rebalancing. Concurrently herewith, the Seller is requesting that the Purchasers fund a new Purchase on the Closing Date pursuant to a Purchase Notice delivered in accordance with Section 1.2(a). Such Purchase Notice
provides that each Purchaser Group will fund a non-ratable portion of the aggregate Purchase such that, after giving effect to such Purchase, each Purchaser Groups outstanding Investment will be equal to its Ratable Share of the Aggregate
Investment. 

(d) Certain Consents. The parties hereto hereby consent to the joinder of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York
Branch, Bank of America, N.A., HSBC Bank USA, N.A. and HSBC Securities USA Inc. as parties hereto on the terms set forth in clause (b) above, to the non-ratable funding of the foregoing initial Purchase on the terms set forth in
clause (c) above, in each case, as set forth above on a one-time basis. 

ARTICLE I. 

AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE PURCHASES 

Section 1.1. Purchase Facility. 

(a) On the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, the Seller may, from time to time before each applicable Facility Termination Date,
request that the Purchasers ratably (based on the Ratable Share in their respective Purchaser Groups) make investments with regard to the Purchased Interest from the Seller from time to time from the date hereof to each applicable Facility
Termination Date in accordance with Section 1.2. Each purchase requested by the Seller pursuant to Section 1.2(a) (each, a Purchase) shall be made ratably by the Purchasers (based on the Ratable Share in
their respective Purchaser Groups), and each Purchaser Groups Ratable Share of each Purchase shall be made and funded (i) if such Purchaser Group contains a Conduit Purchaser and such Conduit Purchaser elects (in its sole discretion) to
make and fund such portion of such Purchase, by the Conduit Purchaser in such Purchaser Group or (ii) if such Purchaser Group does not contain a Conduit Purchaser or if the Conduit Purchaser in such Purchaser Group declines (in its sole
discretion) to make or fund such portion of such Purchase, by the Committed Purchaser in such Purchaser Group. Subject to Section 1.4(b) concerning reinvestments, at no time will any Conduit Purchaser have any obligation to make any
Purchase or reinvestment. Each 

2 

Committed Purchaser severally hereby agrees, on the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, to make Purchases before its applicable Facility Termination Date that are requested pursuant to
Section 1.2(a), based on the Ratable Share of its applicable Purchaser Group; provided, however, that under no circumstances shall any Purchaser make any Purchase or reinvestment hereunder if, after giving effect to such
Purchase or reinvestment (i) the Group Investment of such Purchasers Purchaser Group would exceed the Group Commitment of such Purchasers Purchaser Group, (ii) the Aggregate Investment would (after giving effect to all
Purchases and reinvestments on such date) exceed the Purchase Limit or (iii) the Purchased Interest would exceed 100%. 

(b) The
Seller may, upon at least thirty (30) days (or such shorter period as agreed to in writing by the Administrator) written notice to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, reduce the unfunded portion of the Purchase Limit in whole or
in part (but not below the amount which would cause the Group Investment of any Purchaser Group to exceed its Group Commitment (after giving effect to such reduction)); provided that each partial reduction shall be in the amount of at least
$5,000,000, or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and unless terminated in whole, the Purchase Limit shall in no event be reduced below $150,000,000. Such reduction shall at the option of the Seller be applied either
(i) ratably to reduce the Group Commitment of each Purchaser Group or (ii) to terminate the Group Commitment of any one Purchaser Group. 

(c) The Seller may, upon at least thirty (30) days (or such shorter period as agreed to in writing by the Administrator) prior
written notice to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, repay in whole (but not in part) the entire Aggregate Investment (and all accrued and unpaid Discount thereon) by making a cash payment of such amount to the Administrator for the benefit
of the Purchasers. Such payments shall be made to the Administrator for the ratable benefit of the Purchasers (ratably based on the Investments outstanding at such time) and the Investment (and accrued and unpaid Discount) of each Purchaser shall
only be deemed to be reduced by such payment when such payment is finally so paid to such Purchaser in full in cash. All payments as repayments made pursuant to this paragraph shall be subject to any applicable Termination Fee payable to any
Purchaser at such time in connection therewith. 

Section 1.2. Making Purchases. 

(a) Each Purchase (but not reinvestment) of undivided percentage ownership interests with regard to the Purchased Interest hereunder may be
made on any Business Day upon the Sellers irrevocable written notice in the form of Annex B (each, a Purchase Notice) delivered to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent in accordance with Section 6.2 (which
notice must be received by the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent before 11:00 a.m., New York City time) at least two Business Days before the requested Purchase Date, which notice shall specify: (A) the date of such Purchase (which shall
be a Business Day), (B) the aggregate amount requested to be paid to the Seller (such aggregate amount, which shall not be less than $500,000 or such lesser amount as agreed to by the Administrator and the Majority Purchasers) and (C) the
pro forma calculation of the Purchased Interest after giving effect to the increase in the Aggregate Investment. 

(b) Funding
Purchases. 

3 

(i) Not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of each
Purchase of undivided percentage ownership interests with regard to the Purchased Interest hereunder, each applicable Purchaser shall, upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Exhibit II, deliver to the Administrator by
wire transfer of immediately available funds at the account from time to time designated in writing by the Administrator, an amount equal to the portion of Investment relating to the undivided percentage ownership interest then being funded by such
Purchaser. On the date of each Purchase, the Administrator will make available to the Seller, in same day funds at the account from time to time designated in writing by the Seller to the Administrator, the amount of Investment to be funded in
accordance with this Agreement by all Purchasers in respect of such Purchase. 

(ii) Unless the Administrator shall have
received notice from a Purchaser or Purchaser Agent prior to the proposed Purchase Date of any Purchase that such Purchasers or Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group will not make available to the Administrator such Purchaser Groups
share of such Purchase, the Administrator may assume that such Purchaser Group has made such share available on such date in accordance with the foregoing clause (b)(i) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Seller a
corresponding amount. In such event, if a Purchaser Group has not in fact made its share of the applicable Purchase available to the Administrator, then the Committed Purchaser in such Purchaser Group and the Seller severally agree to pay to the
Administrator forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Seller to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrator, at (i) in the
case of such Committed Purchaser, the greater of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrator in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Seller, the Base Rate. If
such Committed Purchaser pays such amount to the Administrator, then such amount shall constitute such Committed Purchasers Investment included in such Purchase. If the Seller and such Committed Purchaser shall pay such interest to the
Administrator for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrator shall promptly remit to the Seller the amount of such interest paid by the Seller for such period. Any such payment by the Seller shall be without prejudice to any claim the
Seller may have against a Committed Purchaser that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrator. 

(c) Effective on the date
of each Purchase pursuant to this Section 1.2 and each reinvestment pursuant to Section 1.4, the Seller hereby sells and assigns to the Administrator for the benefit of the Purchasers (ratably, according to each such
Purchasers Investment) an undivided percentage ownership interest in: (i) each Pool Receivable then existing, (ii) all Related Security with respect to such Pool Receivables, and (iii) all Collections with respect to, and other
proceeds of, such Pool Receivables and Related Security. 

(d) To secure all of the Sellers obligations (monetary or otherwise) under
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, whether now or hereafter existing or arising, due or to become due, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, the Seller hereby grants to the Administrator, for the benefit
of the Purchasers, a security interest in all of the Sellers right, title and interest (including any undivided interest of the Seller) in, to and under all 

4 

of the following, whether now or hereafter owned, existing or arising: (i) all Pool Receivables, (ii) all Related Security with respect to such Pool Receivables, (iii) all
Collections with respect to such Pool Receivables, (iv) the Lock-Box Accounts and all amounts on deposit therein, and all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time evidencing such Lock-Box Accounts and amounts on deposit therein,
(v) all rights (but none of the obligations) of the Seller under the Sale Agreement and (vi) all proceeds of, and all amounts received or receivable under any or all of, the foregoing (collectively, the Pool Assets). The
Administrator, for the benefit of the Purchasers, shall have, with respect to the Pool Assets, and in addition to all the other rights and remedies available to the Administrator and the Purchasers, all the rights and remedies of a secured party
under any applicable UCC. The Seller hereby authorizes the Administrator (for the benefit of the Purchasers) to file financing statements in each jurisdiction the Administrator deems necessary and appropriate to perfect its security interest in the
Pool Assets, describing the collateral covered thereby as all of the debtors personal property or assets or words to that effect, notwithstanding that such wording may be broader in scope than the collateral described in this
Agreement. Immediately upon the occurrence of the Final Payout Date, the Pool Assets shall be automatically released
from the lien created hereby, and this Agreement and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Administrator, the Purchasers, the Purchaser Agents, the Seller and the Servicer hereunder shall terminate,
all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any party, and all rights to the Pool Assets shall revert to the Seller; provided, however, that promptly following written request therefor by the Seller delivered to the
Administrator following any such termination, and at the expense of the Seller, the Administrator shall execute and deliver to the Seller UCC-3 termination statements and such other documents as the Seller shall reasonably request to evidence such
termination.

(e) Except with respect to the increases in Commitments
contemplated by Section 1.11, the Seller may, with the written consent of the Administrator and each Purchaser, add additional Persons as Purchasers (either to an existing Purchaser Group or by creating new Purchaser Groups) or cause an
existing Purchaser to increase its Commitment in connection with a corresponding increase in the Purchase Limit; provided, however, that the Commitment of any Purchaser may only be increased with the consent of such Purchaser, such
consent to be in such Purchasers sole and absolute discretion. Each new Purchaser (or Purchaser Group) and each Purchaser increasing its Commitment shall become a party hereto or increase its Commitment, as the case may be, by executing and
delivering to the Administrator and the Seller an Assumption Agreement in the form of Annex D hereto (which Assumption Agreement shall, in the case of any new Purchaser or Purchasers be executed by each Person in such new Purchasers Purchaser
Group). 

(f) Each Committed Purchasers obligation hereunder shall be several, such that the failure of any Committed Purchaser to
make a payment in connection with any Purchase hereunder shall not relieve any other Committed Purchaser of its obligation hereunder to make payment for any Purchase. Further, in the event any Committed Purchaser fails to satisfy its obligation to
make a Purchase as required hereunder, upon receipt of notice of such failure from the Administrator (or any relevant Purchaser Agent), subject to the limitations set forth herein, the non-defaulting Committed Purchasers in such defaulting Committed
Purchasers Purchaser Group shall purchase the defaulting Committed Purchasers Commitment Percentage of the related Purchase pro rata in proportion to their relative Commitment Percentages (determined without regard to the
Commitment Percentage of the defaulting Committed Purchaser; it being understood 

5 

that a defaulting Committed Purchasers Commitment Percentage of any Purchase shall be first put to the Committed Purchasers in such defaulting Committed Purchasers Purchaser Group and
thereafter if there are no other Committed Purchasers in such Purchaser Group or if such other Committed Purchasers are also defaulting Committed Purchasers, then such defaulting Committed Purchasers Commitment Percentage of such Purchase
shall be put to each other Purchaser Group ratably and applied in accordance with this paragraph (f)). Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph (f) to the contrary, no Committed Purchaser shall be required to make a Purchase
pursuant to this paragraph for an amount which would cause the aggregate Investment of such Committed Purchaser (after giving effect to such Purchase) to exceed its Commitment. 

Section 1.3. Purchased Interest Computation. The Purchased Interest shall be initially computed on the date of the initial
Purchase hereunder. Thereafter, until the Facility Termination Date, such Purchased Interest shall be automatically recomputed (or deemed to be recomputed) on each Business Day other than a Termination Day. From and after the occurrence of any
Termination Day, the Purchased Interest shall (until the event(s) giving rise to such Termination Day are satisfied or are waived in accordance with the terms hereof) be deemed to be 100%. The Purchased Interest shall become zero when the Aggregate
Investment thereof and Aggregate Discount thereon shall have been paid in full, all the amounts owed by the Seller and the Servicer hereunder to each Purchaser, the Administrator and any other Indemnified Party or Affected Person are paid in full,
and the Servicer shall have received the accrued Servicing Fee thereon. 

Section 1.4. Settlement Procedures. 

(a) The collection of the Pool Receivables shall be administered by the Servicer in accordance with this Agreement. The Seller shall provide
to the Servicer on a timely basis all information needed for such administration, including notice of the occurrence of any Termination Day and current computations of the Purchased Interest. 

(b) The Servicer shall, on each day on which Collections of Pool Receivables are received (or deemed received) by the Seller or the Servicer:

(i) set aside and hold in trust (and shall, at the request of the Administrator (with the consent or at the direction of a
Simple Majority of the Purchasers), segregate in a separate account approved by the Administrator if, at the time of such request, there exists an Unmatured
Termination Event or a Termination Event or if the failure to so segregate reasonably could be expected to cause a Material Adverse
Effecta Dominion Trigger Event) for the benefit of
each Purchaser Group, out of such Collections, first, an amount equal to the Aggregate Discount accrued through such day for each Portion of Investment and not previously set aside, second, an amount equal to the fees set forth in each Purchaser
Group Fee Letter accrued and unpaid through such day, and third, to the extent funds are available therefor, an amount equal to the aggregate of each Purchaser Groups Ratable Share of the Servicing Fee accrued through such day and not
previously set aside; 

(ii) subject to Section 1.4(f), if such day is not a Termination Day, remit to
the Seller, ratably, on behalf of each Purchaser Group, the remainder of such Collections. Such remainder shall, to the extent representing a return on the Aggregate Investment, ratably, according to each Purchasers Investment, be
automatically reinvested in Pool Receivables, 

6 

and in the Related Security, Collections and other proceeds with respect thereto; provided, however, that if the Purchased Interest would exceed 100%, then the Servicer shall not
reinvest, but shall set aside and hold in trust for the benefit of the Purchasers (and shall, at the request of the Administrator (with the consent or at the direction of a Simple Majority of the Purchasers), segregate in a separate account approved
by the Administrator if, at the time of such request, there exists an Unmatured Termination Event or a Termination Event or if the failure to so segregate reasonably
could be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effecta Dominion Trigger Event) a portion of such Collections that, together with the other Collections set aside pursuant to this paragraph, shall equal the amount necessary to reduce the Purchased Interest to 100%; provided,
further, that if the Facility Termination Date has been extended pursuant to Section 1.10 and any Purchaser (or its Purchaser Agent) has provided notice (an Exiting Notice) to the Administrator, the Seller and
the Servicer of such Purchasers refusal, pursuant to Section 1.10, to extend its (or its Committed Purchasers) Commitment hereunder (an Exiting Purchaser) then such Collections shall not be reinvested and
shall instead be held in trust for the benefit of such Purchaser and applied in accordance with clause (iii) below; 

(iii) if such day is a Termination Day (or any day following the provision of an Exiting Notice), set aside, segregate and hold
in trust (and shall, at the request of the Administrator (with the consent or at the direction of a Simple Majority of the Purchasers), segregate in a separate account approved by the Administrator if, at the time of such request, there exists a Dominion Trigger Event)
for the benefit of each Purchaser Group the entire remainder of the Collections (or in the case of an Exiting Purchaser, an amount equal to such Purchasers ratable share of such Collections based on its Investment; provided, that solely
for the purpose of determining such Purchasers ratable share of such Collections, such Purchasers Investment shall be deemed to remain constant from the date of the provision of an Exiting Notice until the date such Purchasers
Investment has been paid in full; it being understood that if such day is also a Termination Day, such Exiting Purchasers Investment shall be recalculated taking into account amounts received by such Purchaser in respect of this parenthetical
and thereafter Collections shall be set aside for such Purchaser ratably in respect of its Investment (as recalculated)); provided, that if amounts are set aside and held in trust on any Termination Day of the type described in clause
(a) of the definition of Termination Day (or any day following the provision of an Exiting Notice) and, thereafter, the conditions set forth in Section 2 of Exhibit II are satisfied or waived by the
Administrator and a Simple Majority of the Purchasers (or in the case of an Exiting Notice, such Exiting Notice has been revoked by the related Exiting Purchaser and written notice thereof has been provided by such Exiting Purchaser or its Purchaser
Agent to the Administrator, the Seller and the Servicer), such previously set-aside amounts shall, to the extent representing a return on Aggregate Investment (or the Investment of the Exiting Purchaser) and ratably in accordance with each
Purchasers Investment, be reinvested in accordance with clause (ii) on the day of such subsequent satisfaction or waiver of conditions or revocation of such Exiting Notice; and 

(iv) release to the Seller (subject to Section 1.4(f)) for its own account any Collections in excess of:
(x) amounts required to be reinvested in accordance with clause (ii) or the proviso to clause (iii) plus (y) the amounts that are required to be set aside pursuant to clause (i), the proviso to clause
(ii) and clause (iii) plus (z) the Sellers Share of the Servicing Fee accrued and unpaid through such day and all reasonable and appropriate out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Servicer for servicing, collecting
and administering the Pool Receivables. 

7 

(c) The Servicer shall, in accordance with the priorities set forth in
Section 1.4(d), deposit on each Settlement Date into the account from time to time specified by the Administrator, Collections held for the benefit of the Purchasers pursuant to Sections 1.4(b) and 1.4(f);
provided, that if WESCO or an Affiliate thereof is the Servicer, such day is not a Termination Day and the Administrator has not notified WESCO (or such Affiliate) that such right is revoked in accordance with Section 4.1(a), WESCO (or such Affiliate) may
retain the portion of the Collections set aside pursuant to Section 1.4(b)(i) that represents the aggregate of each Purchaser Groups Ratable Share of the Servicing Fee. Within three Business Days of the last day of each Yield
Period with respect to any Portion of Investment, the applicable Purchaser Agent will notify the Servicer and the Administrator by e-mail of the amount of the Discount accrued with respect to such Portion of Investment during the related Yield
Period. 

(d) The Servicer shall distribute the amounts described (and at the times set forth) in Section 1.4(c), as
follows: 

(i) if such distribution occurs on a day that is not a Termination Day and the Purchased Interest does not exceed
100%, first to the Administrator for distribution to each Purchaser Agent ratably according to the Discount accrued during such Yield Period (for the benefit of the relevant Purchasers within such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group) in payment
in full of all accrued Discount and fees (other than Servicing Fees) with respect to each Portion of Investment maintained by such Purchasers; it being understood that each Purchaser Agent shall distribute such amounts to the Purchasers
within its Purchaser Group ratably according to Discount and fees, and second, if the Servicer has set aside amounts in respect of the Servicing Fee pursuant to clause (b)(i) and has not retained such amounts pursuant to clause (c), to
the Servicers own account (payable in arrears on each Settlement Date) in payment in full of the aggregate of each Purchaser Groups Ratable Share of accrued Servicing Fees so set aside, and 

(ii) if such distribution occurs on a Termination Day or on a day when the Purchased Interest exceeds 100%, first, if
WESCO or an Affiliate thereof is not the Servicer, to the Servicers own account in payment in full of all accrued Servicing Fees, second, to the Administrator for distribution to each Purchaser Agent ratably according to Investment (for
the benefit of the relevant Purchasers within such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group) in payment in full of all such accrued Discount with respect to each Portion of Investment funded or maintained by the Purchasers within such Purchaser
Agents Purchaser Group, third, to the Administrator for distribution to each Purchaser Agent (for the benefit of the relevant Purchasers within such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group) ratably according to the fees accrued (other
than Servicing Fees) in payment in full of all such accrued fees (other than Servicing Fees) with respect to each Portion of Investment maintained by such Purchasers, fourth, to the Administrator for distribution to each Purchaser Agent
ratably according to the aggregate of the Investment of each Purchaser in each such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group (for the benefit of the relevant Purchasers within such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group) in payment in full of each

8 

Purchasers Investment (or, if such day is not a Termination Day, the amount necessary to reduce the Purchased Interest to 100%); it being understood that each Purchaser Agent shall
distribute the amounts described in the second, third and fourth clauses of this Section 1.4(d)(ii) to the Purchasers within its Purchaser Group ratably according to Investment or, in the case of the third clause of this
Section 1.4(d)(ii), fees (not including the Servicing Fee), fifth, if the Aggregate Investment and accrued Aggregate Discount with respect to each Portion of Investment for all Purchaser Groups have been reduced to zero, and all
accrued Servicing Fees payable to the Servicer (if other than WESCO or an Affiliate thereof) have been paid in full, to the Administrator for distribution ratably to each Purchaser Agent (for the benefit of the Purchasers within such Purchaser
Group), the Administrator, each Indemnified Party and each
Affected Person, in payment in full of any other amounts owed thereto by the Seller or Servicer hereunder, and sixth, to the Servicers own account (if the Servicer is WESCO or an Affiliate thereof) in payment in full of the aggregate of
each Purchaser Groups Ratable Share of all accrued Servicing Fees. 

After the Aggregate Investment, Aggregate Discount, fees payable pursuant
to each Purchaser Group Fee Letter and Servicing Fees with respect to the Purchased Interest, and any other amounts payable by the Seller and the Servicer to each Purchaser Group, the Administrator or any other Indemnified Party or Affected Person
hereunder, have been paid in full, all additional Collections with respect to the Purchased Interest shall be paid to the Seller for its own account. Each Purchaser Agent hereby covenants and agrees to timely provide the Administrator with all
information necessary for the Administrator to make the allocations to the Purchaser Agents required to be made by the Administrator pursuant to Sections 1.4(d) and 1.4(f), including the applicable account of each Purchaser Agent for
which amounts should be distributed. 

(e) For the purposes of this Section 1.4: 

(i) if on any day the Outstanding Balance of any Pool Receivable is reduced or adjusted as a result of any defective, rejected,
returned, repossessed or foreclosed goods or services, or any revision, cancellation, allowance, discount or other adjustment made by the Seller or any Affiliate of the Seller, or the Servicer or any Affiliate of the Servicer, or any setoff or
dispute between the Seller or any Affiliate of the Seller, or the Servicer or any Affiliate of the Servicer and an Obligor, the Seller shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Receivable in the amount of such reduction
or adjustment and, if such reduction or adjustment (x) causes the Purchased Interest to exceed 100%, (y) occurs after the occurrence of the Facility Termination Date or (z) occurs at any time when the Purchased Interest exceeds 100%
or any Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, the Seller shall pay an amount equal to such reduction or adjustment to a Lock-Box Account (other than an Exception Account) (or as otherwise directed by the Administrator at such time) for
the benefit of the Purchasers for application pursuant to Section 1.61.4(ab) within one Business Day of such reduction or adjustment; 

(ii) if on
any day any of the representations or warranties in Section 1(g) or (m) of Exhibit III is not true with respect to any Pool Receivable, the Seller shall be deemed to have received on such date, a Collection of such
Pool Receivable in full, and if such breach (x) causes the Purchased Interest to exceed 100%, (y) occurs after the occurrence of the Facility Termination Date or (z) occurs at any time when the Purchased Interest exceeds

9 

100% or any Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, the Seller shall pay the amount of such deemed Collection to a Lock-Box Account (other than an Exception Account) (or as otherwise
directed by the Administrator at such time) for the benefit of the Purchasers for application pursuant to Section 1.61.4(ab) within one Business Day of such breach; provided that, upon payment in full by the Seller of any Pool Receivable in accordance with this Section 1.4(de)(ii), the Administrators and each other Purchasers rights in such Receivable shall automatically be conveyed to the Seller, without representation or warranty, but free and clear of all liens,
security interests, charges and encumbrances created by or through the Administrator or any Purchaser; 

(iii) except
as provided in clause (i) or (ii), or as otherwise required by Applicable Law or the relevant Contract, all Collections received from an Obligor of any Receivable shall be applied to the Receivables of such Obligor in the order of
the age of such Receivables, starting with the oldest such Receivable, unless such Obligor designates in writing its payment for application to specific Receivables; and 

(iv) if and to the extent the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser shall be required for any reason to pay over
to an Obligor (or any trustee, receiver, custodian or similar official in any Insolvency Proceeding) any amount received by it hereunder, such amount shall be deemed not to have been so received by such Person but rather to have been retained by the
Seller and, accordingly, such Person shall have a claim against the Seller for such amount, payable when and to the extent that any distribution from or on behalf of such Obligor is made in respect thereof. 

(f) If at any time the Seller shall wish to cause the reduction of Aggregate Investment (but not to commence the liquidation, or reduction to
zero, of the entire Aggregate Investment), the Seller may do so as follows: 

(i) the Seller shall give the Administrator,
each Purchaser Agent and the Servicer at least two Business Days prior written notice thereof for any reduction of Aggregate Investment (such notice to include the amount of such proposed reduction and the proposed date on which such reduction
will commence); 

(ii) on the proposed date of commencement of such reduction and on each day thereafter, the Servicer shall
cause Collections not to be reinvested until the amount thereof not so reinvested shall equal the desired amount of reduction; and 

(iii) the Servicer shall hold such Collections in trust for the benefit of each Purchaser ratably according to its Investment,
for payment to the Administrator (for the account of such Purchaser) on the next Settlement Dateany Business Day designated by the Seller in the notice delivered pursuant to Section 1.4(f)(i), and the Aggregate Investment (together with the Investment of any related Purchaser) shall be deemed reduced in the amount to be paid to the Administrator (for the account of such Purchaser) only when in fact
finally so paid; 

10 

; provided, that: 

(A) the amount of any such reduction shall be not less than $500,000 in the aggregate for all Purchaser Groups (unless the
Aggregate Investment at the time of such reduction is less than $500,000, in which case such reduction shall be in the amount required to reduce the Aggregate Investment to zero); and 

(B) with respect to any Portion of Investment, the Seller shall choose a reduction amount, and the date of commencement
thereof, so that to the extent practicable such reduction shall commence and conclude in the same Yield Period. 

Section 1.5.
Fees. The Seller shall pay to the Administrator for distribution to each Purchaser Agent for the benefit of the related Purchasers, certain fees in the amounts and on the dates set forth in those certain fee letters, each such letter (as
amended or amended and restated through the date hereof and as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, a Purchaser Group Fee Letter), in each case among the Seller, the Servicer, the related Purchaser Agent
and the related Purchasers; provided, however, that any Defaulting Purchasers right to receive Commitment Fees
(as such term is defined in a Purchaser Group Fee Letter) shall be subject to the terms of Section 1.9. 

Section 1.6. Payments and Computations, Etc. 

(a) All amounts to be paid or deposited by the Seller or the Servicer hereunder or under any other Transaction Document shall be made without
reduction for offset or counterclaim and shall be paid or deposited no later than noon (New York City time) on the day when due in same day funds to the applicable account from time to time designated by the Administrator. All amounts received after
noon (New York City time) will be deemed to have been received on the next Business Day. Except as expressly set forth herein (including, without limitation, as set forth in Sections 1.4(b)(ii) or (iii) with respect to Collections
held in trust for Exiting Purchasers), the Administrator shall promptly (and, if reasonably practicable, on the day it receives such amounts) distribute to the applicable Purchaser Agent amounts received by it hereunder for the benefit of the
Purchasers within such Purchaser Agents Purchaser Group, and such Purchaser Agent shall promptly thereafter distribute such amounts received by it to the Purchasers within its Purchaser Group ratably (x) in the case of such amounts paid
in respect of Discount and Fees, according to the Discount and Fees payable to such Purchasers and (y) in the case of such amounts paid in respect of Investment (or in respect of any other obligations other than Discount and Fees), according to
the outstanding Investment funded by such Purchasers. Unless the Administrator shall have received notice from Seller prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrator for the account of any Purchasers hereunder that the Seller (or
the Servicer on its behalf) will not make such payment (including because Collections are not available therefor), the Administrator may assume that the Seller has made or will make such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may (but shall
not be obligated to), in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Purchaser Agents the amount due. In such event, if the Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) has not in fact made such payment, then each Purchaser Agent severally agrees to
repay to the Administrator forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Purchaser Agent, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the
Administrator, at the greater of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrator in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

11 

(b) Whenever any payment or deposit to be made hereunder shall be due on a day other than a
Business Day, such payment or deposit shall be made on the next Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in the computation of such payment or deposit. 

Section 1.7. Increased Costs. 

(a) If any Purchaser Agent, Purchaser, Liquidity Provider, the Administrator or any other Program Support Provider or any of their respective
Affiliates (each an Affected Person) reasonably determines that the existence of or compliance with: (i) any law or regulation or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof, in each case adopted,
issued or occurring after the date hereof, or (ii) any request, guideline or directive from any central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law) issued or occurring after the date of this Agreement, affects
or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Affected Person, and such Affected Person determines that the amount of such capital is increased by or based upon the existence of any commitment to make purchases
of (or otherwise to maintain the investment in) Pool Receivables related to this Agreement or any related liquidity facility, credit enhancement facility or other commitments of the same type, then, upon demand by such Affected Person (with a copy
to the Administrator), the Seller shall promptly pay to the Administrator, for the account of such Affected Person, from time to time as specified by such Affected Person, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Affected Person in the light
of such circumstances, to the extent that such Affected Person reasonably determines such increase in capital to be allocable to the existence of any of such commitments. A certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Seller and the Administrator
by such Affected Person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

(b) If, due to either: (i) the
introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation or (ii) compliance with any guideline or request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law), there shall be
any increase in the cost to any Affected Person of agreeing to purchase or purchasing, or maintaining the ownership of, the Purchased Interest or any portion thereof in respect of which Discount is computed by reference to the applicable Benchmark,
then, upon demand by such Affected Person, the Seller shall promptly pay to such Affected Person, from time to time as specified by such Affected Person, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Affected Person for such increased costs. A
certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Seller and the Administrator by such Affected Person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

(c) If such increased costs affect the related Affected Persons portfolio of financing transactions, such Affected Person shall use
reasonable averaging and attribution methods to allocate such increased costs to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

12 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, for purposes of this Section 1.7,
(i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and all requests, rules, guidelines and directives promulgated thereunder and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International
Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or any Governmental Authority, any central bank of any jurisdiction, comparable agency or other Person, in each case pursuant to, or implementing, the
accord know as Basel II or Basel III, are, in the case of each of clause (i) and clause (ii) above, deemed to have been introduced or adopted after the date hereof, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated
or implemented. 

(e) Failure or delay on the part of any Affected Person to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not
constitute a waiver of such Affected Persons right to demand such compensation; provided that the Seller shall not be required to compensate an Affected Person pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred
more than 180 days prior to the date that such Affected Person, as the case may be, notifies the Seller of the occurrence or event giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Affected Persons intention to claim compensation
therefor; provided further that, if the occurrence or event giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

Section 1.8. Requirements of Law. 

If any Affected Person reasonably determines that the existence of or compliance with: (a) any law or regulation or any change therein or
in the interpretation or application thereof, in each case adopted, issued or occurring after the date hereof, or (b) any request, guideline or directive from any central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of
law) issued or occurring after the date of this Agreement: 

(i) does or shall subject such Affected Person to any tax of
any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any increase in the Purchased Interest or any portion thereof or in the amount of such Persons Investment relating thereto, or does or shall change the basis of taxation of payments to such
Affected Person on account of Collections, Discount or any other amounts payable hereunder (excluding taxes imposed on the overall pre-tax net income of such Affected
Person, and franchise taxes imposed on such Affected Person, by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Affected Person is organized or a political subdivision thereof),Excluded Taxes),

(ii) does or shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan or similar requirement
against assets held by, or deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, purchases, advances or loans by, or other credit extended by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of such Affected Person that are not otherwise included
in the determination of the applicable Benchmark or the Base Rate hereunder, or 

(iii) does or shall impose on such
Affected Person any other condition, 

13 

and the result of any of the foregoing is: (A) to increase the cost to such Affected Person of acting
as Administrator or as a Purchaser Agent, or of agreeing to purchase or purchasing or maintaining the ownership of undivided percentage ownership interests with regard to the Purchased Interest (or interests therein) or any Portion of Investment, or
(B) to reduce any amount receivable hereunder (whether directly or indirectly), then, in any such case, upon demand by such Affected Person, the Seller shall promptly pay to such Affected Person additional amounts necessary to compensate such
Affected Person for such additional cost or reduced amount receivable. All such amounts shall be payable as incurred. A certificate from such Affected Person to the Seller and the Administrator certifying, in reasonably specific detail, the basis
for, calculation of, and amount of such additional costs or reduced amount receivable shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error; provided, however, that no Affected Person shall be required to disclose any
confidential or tax planning information in any such certificate; provided, further, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary, for purposes of this Section 1.8, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and all requests, rules, guidelines and directives promulgated thereunder, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on
Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or any Governmental Authority, any central bank of any jurisdiction, comparable agency or other Person, in each case pursuant to, or implementing, the accord know as Basel II or Basel III,
are, in the case of each of clause (i) and clause (ii) above, deemed to have been introduced or adopted after the date hereof, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 

Failure or delay on the part of any Affected Person to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such
Affected Persons right to demand such compensation; provided that the Seller shall not be required to compensate an Affected Person pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to
the date that such Affected Person, as the case may be, notifies the Seller of the occurrence or event giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Affected Persons intention to claim compensation therefor; provided
further that, if the occurrence or event giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

Section 1.9. [Reserved]Defaulting Purchasers. 

(a)
Defaulting Purchaser Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Purchaser becomes a Defaulting Purchaser, then, until such time as such Purchaser is no longer a Defaulting Purchaser, to the extent
permitted by applicable law:

(i) Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Purchasers right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent
with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as specified in the definition of Majority Purchasers, Simple Majority and Section 6.1.

(ii)
Defaulting Purchaser Waterfall. Any payment of capital, principal, interest, yield, fees or other amounts received by the Administrator for the account of such Defaulting Purchaser (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to
Section 1.4 or otherwise) or received by the Administrator from a Defaulting Purchaser pursuant to Section 6.11 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrator as follows: first, to the payment of
any amounts owing by such Defaulting Purchaser to the Administrator hereunder; second, as the Seller may request (so long as no 

14 

Termination Event exists), to the funding of any Investment in
respect of which such Defaulting Purchaser has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrator; third, if so determined by the Administrator and the Seller, to be held in a deposit account
and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Purchasers potential future funding obligations with respect to Investments under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Purchasers as a result of any
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Purchaser against such Defaulting Purchaser as a result of such Defaulting Purchasers breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth, so long as no Termination Event
exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Seller as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Seller against such Defaulting Purchaser as a result of such Defaulting Purchasers breach of its
obligations under this Agreement; and sixth, to such Defaulting Purchaser or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of any Investments in respect of which such
Defaulting Purchaser has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Investments were made at a time when the conditions specified in Exhibit II were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Investments of
all Purchasers that are not Defaulting Purchasers on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Investments of such Defaulting Purchaser until such time as all Investments are held by the Committed Purchasers (together with their
related Conduit Purchasers) pro rata in accordance with their Commitments. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Purchaser that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Purchaser pursuant to this
Section 1.9(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Purchaser, and each Purchaser irrevocably consents hereto.

(iii)
Certain Fees. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the applicable Purchaser Group Fee Letter, no Defaulting Purchaser shall be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee (as such term is defined in a Purchaser Group Fee Letter) (as accrued for
any period during which that Purchaser is a Defaulting Purchaser and the Seller shall not be required to pay any such Commitment Fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Purchaser).

(b)
Defaulting Purchaser Cure. If the Seller and the Administrator agree in writing that a Purchaser is no longer a Defaulting Purchaser, the Administrator will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice
and subject to any conditions specified therein, that Purchaser will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Investment of the other Purchasers or take such other actions as the Administrator may determine to be
necessary to cause the Aggregate Investment, to be held pro rata by the Committed Purchasers (together with their related Conduit Purchasers) in accordance with their Commitments, whereupon such Purchaser will cease to be a Defaulting
Purchaser; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Seller while that Purchaser was a Defaulting Purchaser; and provided, further, that except to the extent
otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Purchaser to Purchaser will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Purchasers having been a Defaulting
Purchaser.

15 

(c)
Termination of Defaulting Purchaser. The Seller may terminate the unused amount of the Commitment of any Defaulting Purchaser upon not less than three (3) Business Days prior notice to the Administrator (which shall promptly notify the
Purchasers thereof), and in such event the provisions of Section 1.9(a)(ii) will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by the Seller for the account of such Defaulting Purchaser under this Agreement (whether on account of Investment, principal,
interest, Discount, fees, indemnity or other amounts); provided that (i) no Termination Event shall have occurred and be continuing, and (ii) such termination shall not be deemed to be a waiver or release of any claim the Seller, the
Administrator or any Purchaser may have against such Defaulting Purchaser.

Section 1.10. Extension of Termination Date. The Seller may advise the Administrator and each Committed Purchaser in writing of
its desire to extend the Scheduled Commitment Termination Date with respect to such Purchaser; provided that such request is made not more than one-hundred twenty (120) days prior to, and not less than sixty (60) days prior to, the
then current Scheduled Commitment Termination Date with respect to such Purchaser. In the event that the applicable Purchaser is agreeable to such extension, the Administrator shall so notify the Seller in writing (it being understood that
the Purchasers may accept or decline such a request in their sole discretion and on such terms as they may elect) not less than 30 days prior to its then current Scheduled Commitment Termination Date and the Seller, the Administrator, the Purchaser
Agents and the Purchasers shall enter into such documents as the Purchasers may deem necessary or appropriate to reflect such extension, and all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Purchasers, the Administrator and the Purchaser Agents in
connection therewith (including reasonable Attorney Costs) shall be paid by the Seller. In the event a Purchaser declines the request for such extension, the Administrator shall so notify the Seller and each Purchaser Agent of such determination;
provided, however, that the failure of the Administrator to notify the Seller of the determination to decline such extension shall not affect the understanding and agreement that the Purchaser shall be deemed to have refused to grant
the requested extension in the event the Administrator fails to affirmatively notify the Seller, in writing, of their agreement to accept the requested extension. 

Section 1.11. Increase in Commitments.

(a) Requests for Increase. So long as no Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, upon notice
to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, the Servicer (on behalf of the Seller) may from time to time (i) request an increase in the Commitment with respect to any existing Committed Purchaser (with the consent of the Administrator) or
(ii) request that additional Persons be added as Committed Purchasers subject to the provisions of Section 1.2(e), in each case at any time following the Closing Date and prior to the Facility Termination Date (it being understood
and agreed that, for the avoidance of doubt, at no time shall the aggregate of all Commitments exceed $1,850,000,000); provided, that each request for an increase or addition of a Person pursuant to Section 1.2(e) shall be in a
minimum amount of $10,000,000 and increments of $5,000,000 above such minimum amount. At the time of sending such notice with respect to any existing Committed Purchaser, the Servicer (in consultation with the Administrator and the Purchaser Agent
related to such Committed Purchaser) shall specify the time period within which such Committed Purchaser and the Administrator are requested to respond to the Servicers request (which shall in no event be less than ten (10) Business Days
from the date of delivery of such notice to the Administrator and such Committed Purchaser and its related Purchaser Agent). For the avoidance of doubt, any increase in the Commitment of any Committed Purchaser is at the sole discretion of such
Committed Purchaser. 

16 

(b) Elections to Increase. In respect of any existing Committed Purchaser, each of
such Committed Purchaser being asked to increase its Commitment and the Administrator shall notify the Seller and the Servicer within the applicable time period whether or not such Person agrees, in its respective sole discretion, to the increase to
such Committed Purchasers Commitment. Any such Person not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to consent to an increase in such Committed Purchasers Commitment. For the avoidance of doubt, only the consent
of the Committed Purchaser then being asked to increase its Commitment and the Administrator shall be required in order to approve any such request. 

(c) Effective Date. If the Commitment of any existing Committed Purchaser is increased in accordance with this
Section 1.11, the Administrator and the Purchaser Agent for such Committed Purchaser shall determine the effective date with respect to such increase (such date, the Commitment Increase Effective Date). 

(d) Notification by the Administrator. The Administrator shall notify each Purchaser Agent, the Seller and the Servicer of the
Administrators and such Committed Purchasers response to each request made hereunder, the amount of such increase (if any) and the related Commitment Increase Effective Date. The parties hereto shall enter into such amendments or other documents reasonably required by the Administrator to document
any increase.

(e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase. As a
condition precedent to each such increase, the Servicer shall deliver to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each of the Seller and the Servicer, dated as of the Commitment Increase
Effective Date, (i) certifying and attaching (x) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of such Person adopted by such Board of Directors approving or consenting to such Commitment increase and authorizing the execution, delivery and
performance by such Person of the amendment to this Agreement contemplated in Section 1.11(c), as applicable (it being understood that such resolutions may be dated as of a date prior to the Commitment Increase Effective Date), and
(y) all documents evidencing all other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to such Commitment increase and such amendment to this Agreement (it being understood that such documents may be dated as of a
date prior to the Commitment Increase Effective Date) and (ii) certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (x) the representations and warranties of such Person contained in Exhibit III are true and
correct as of the Commitment Increase Effective Date and (y) no Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event exists or shall existhas occurred and is continuing. 

(f) Conflicting Provisions. This Section 1.11 shall supersede any provisions in Section 6.1 to the contrary.

17 

Section 1.12. Discount Rates. 

(a) Discount Rate Options. The Seller shall pay Discount in respect of the Aggregate Investment as selected by it from the applicable
Discount Rate Options specified below applicable to the Investments (other than CP Rate Investments), respectively, it being understood that, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Seller may select different Discount Rate Options to apply
simultaneously to the Investments comprising different Portions of Investment and may convert to or renew one or more Discount Rate Options with respect to all or any portion of the Investments comprising different Portions of Investment;
provided that (i) there shall not be at any one time outstanding more than 5 (five) Portions of Investment and (ii) the Discount Rate for any CP Rate Investment shall at all times be determined pursuant to the definition of Discount
Rate notwithstanding any otherwise applicable election by the Seller; provided further that if ana Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event
existshas occurred and is continuing, the Seller may not request, convert to or renew any Term Rate Investment Option or Daily Resetting SOFR Option for any Investments and the Majority Purchasers may demand that all existing Portions of Investment accruing Discount under a Term Rate Investment Option, Daily Resetting SOFR Option or Daily Simple SOFR shall be converted immediately to the
Base Rate Option, subject to the obligation of the Seller to pay any Termination Fees in connection with such conversion. If at any time the designated rate applicable to any Investment made by any Purchaser exceeds such Purchasers highest
lawful rate, the Discount Rate Option on such Purchasers Investments shall be limited to such Purchasers highest lawful rate. The applicable Base Rate, SOFR Rate, or Daily Resetting SOFR shall be determined by the Administrator, and such
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(i) Discount Rate Options. The Seller shall have
the right to select from the following Discount Rate Options applicable to the Investments: 

(A) Term Rate Investment
Options: 

(1) SOFR Rate Option. In the case of SOFR Rate Investments denominated in Dollars, a rate per annum (computed on the
basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) equal to the SOFR Rate as determined for each applicable Yield Period plus the SOFR Adjustment; provided, that if the SOFR Rate Option, determined as provided above, would be less than the Floor, then the SOFR Rate Option shall be deemed to be the Floor. 

(B) Daily Rate Investment Options: 

(1) [Reserved]; or 

(2)
Daily Resetting SOFR Option. In the case of Daily Resetting SOFR Investments denominated in Dollars, a fluctuating rate per annum (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) equal to Daily Resetting SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, such discount rate to change automatically from time to time effective as of the
effective date of each change in Daily Resetting SOFR; provided, that if the Daily Resetting SOFR Option, determined as provided above, would be less than the Floor, then the Daily Resetting SOFR Option shall be deemed to be the Floor; or

(3) Base Rate Option. In the case of Base Rate Investments denominated in Dollars, a fluctuating rate per annum (computed
on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed) equal to the Base Rate, such discount rate to change automatically from time to time effective as of the effective date of each change in the Base Rate; or 

18 

(ii) Rate Quotations. The Seller may call the Administrator on or
before the date on which a Purchase Notice is to be delivered to receive an indication of the rates then in effect, but it is acknowledged that such projection shall not be binding on the Administrator or the Purchasers nor affect the rate of
discount which thereafter is actually in effect when the election is made. 

(b) Yield Periods. At any time when the Seller shall
select, convert to or renew a Term Rate Investment Option, the Seller shall notify the Administrator thereof by delivering a request therefor prior to the effective date. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the following provisions shall apply
to any selection of, renewal of, or conversion to a Term Rate Investment Option: 

(i) Amount of Portions of
Investment. Each Portion of Investment under the Term Rate Investment Option shall be in integral multiples of, and not less than, the respective amounts specified in Section 1.2; and 

(ii) Renewals. In the case of the renewal of a Term Rate Investment Option at the end of a Yield Period, the first day
of the new Yield Period shall be the last day of the preceding Yield Period, without duplication in payment of discount for such day. 

(c)
Discount After Default. To the extent permitted by Law, upon the occurrence ofand continuance of a Termination Event and until such time such Termination Event shall have been cured or waived, at the discretion of the Administrator
or upon written demand by the Majority Purchasers to the Administrator: 

(i) Discount Rate. The Discount for
each Investment otherwise applicable pursuant to Section 1.12(a), shall be increased by 2.00% per annum; 

(ii) Other Obligations. Each other obligation hereunder if not paid when due shall bear interest at a rate per annum
equal to the sum of the rate of interest applicable to Investments under the Base Rate Option plus an additional 2.00% per annum from the time such obligation becomes due and payable until the time such obligation is paid in full; and 

(iii) Acknowledgment. The Seller acknowledges that the increase in rates referred to in this Section 1.12
reflects, among other things, the fact that such Investments or other amounts have become a substantially greater risk given their default status and that the Purchasers are entitled to additional compensation for such risk; and all such Discount
shall be payable by Seller upon demand by Administrator. 

(d) Unascertainable; Increased Costs; Deposits Not Available. If at any
time: 

(i) on or prior to the first day of a Yield Period, the Administrator shall have determined (which determination
shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that (x) the SOFR Rate or Daily Resetting SOFR applicable to an Investment cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, including, without limitation, because such rate is not
available or published on a current basis or (y) a fundamental change has occurred with respect to such rate (including, without limitation, changes in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange
rates or exchange controls), or 

19 

(ii) on or prior to the first day of a Yield Period, any Purchaser
determines that for any reason in connection with any request for a Term Rate Investment or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that the Term Rate Investment Option for any requested Yield Period with respect to a proposed Term Rate
Investment, as applicable, does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Purchasers of funding, establishing or maintaining such Investment, 

then the Administrator shall have the rights specified in clause (f). 

(e) Illegality. If at any time any Purchaser shall have determined, or any Governmental Authority shall have asserted, that the making,
maintenance or funding of any Investment to which any Discount Rate Option applies, or the determination or charging of discount rates based upon any Discount Rate Option has been made impracticable or unlawful, by compliance by such Purchaser in
good faith with any Law or any interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or with any request or directive of any such Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of Law), 

then the Administrator shall have the rights specified in clause (f). 

(f) Administrators and Purchasers Rights. In the case of any event specified in Section 1.12(d)(i) above, the
Administrator shall promptly so notify the Purchasers and the Seller thereof, and in the case of an event specified in Section 1.12(d)(ii) or (e) above, such Purchaser shall promptly so notify the Administrator and endorse a
certificate to such notice as to the specific circumstances of such notice, and the Administrator shall promptly send copies of such notice and certificate to the other Purchasers and the Seller. 

(i) Upon such date as shall be specified in such notice (which shall not be earlier than the date such notice is given), the
obligation of (x) the Purchasers, in the case of such notice given by the Administrator, or (y) such Purchaser, in the case of such notice given by such Purchaser, to allow the Seller to select, convert to or renew an Investment under the
affected Discount Rate Option shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Discount Rate Option or the applicable Yield Periods) until the Administrator shall have later notified the Seller, or such Purchaser shall have later notified the
Administrator, of the Administrators or such Purchasers, as the case may be, determination that the circumstances giving rise to such previous determination no longer exist. 

(ii) If at any time the Administrator makes a determination under clause (d)(i), (x) if the Seller has previously
notified the Administrator of its selection of, conversion to or renewal of a an affected Discount Rate Option, and such Discount Rate Option has not yet gone into effect, absent due notice from the Seller of revocation, conversion or prepayment,
such notification shall be deemed to provide for selection of, conversion to or renewal of the Base Rate Option otherwise available with respect to such Investments in the amount specified therein and (y) any outstanding affected Investments
shall be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Investments immediately or, in the case of Term Rate Investments, at the end of the applicable Yield Period. 

20 

(iii) If any Purchaser notifies the Administrator of a determination under
clause(d)(ii) or (e), the Seller shall, subject to the Sellers obligation to pay any Termination Fees, as to any Investment of the Purchaser to which an affected Discount Rate Option applies, on the date specified in such notice
either convert such Investment to the Base Rate Option otherwise available with respect to such Investment or prepay such Investment. Absent due notice from the Seller of conversion or prepayment, such Investment shall automatically be converted to
the Base Rate Option otherwise available with respect to such Investment upon such specified date. 

(g) Benchmark Replacement
Setting. 

(A) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction
Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the
definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and
subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause
(2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in respect of any Benchmark
setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Purchasers and Seller without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other
party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document so long as the Administrator has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Purchasers comprising the Majority Purchasers. 

(B) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark
Replacement, the Administrator will have the right, in consultation with the Seller, to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing
such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

(C) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrator will promptly notify the Seller and the
Purchasers of (1) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (2) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (3) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes, (4) the removal or
reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (D) below 

21 

and (5) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrator or, if applicable, any Purchaser
(or Purchaser Group) pursuant to this Section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any
action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document except, in each case, as
expressly required pursuant to this Section. 

(D) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate and either (1) any tenor for such
Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrator in its reasonable discretion or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor
for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International
Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the Administrator may modify the definition of Yield Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such
time to remove such unavailable or non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (1) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service
for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (2) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities
Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrator may modify the definition of Yield Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark
settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(E) Benchmark Unavailability Period.
Upon the Sellers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Seller may revoke any request for an Investment accruing Discount based on the SOFR Rate, conversion to or continuation of Investments accruing
Discount based on the SOFR Rate Option to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Seller will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for an Investment of or conversion to
Investments accruing Discount under the Base Rate Option. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current
Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 

(F)
Definitions. As used in this Section: 

22 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect
to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of a Yield Period or (y) otherwise, any payment period for
discount calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 

Benchmark means, initially, the SOFR Rate and Daily Resetting SOFR; provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark
has occurred pursuant to this Section 1.12(g), then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to
Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 

Benchmark
Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrator for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event relating to the Daily Resetting SOFR or SOFR Rate, the sum of: (A) Daily Simple SOFR and (B) the SOFR Adjustment; and 

(2) the sum of (A) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrator and the Seller as the replacement for the
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Available Tenor giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by the Relevant Governmental Body, for U.S. dollar-denominated
syndicated credit facilities at such time and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

provided that, in the case of
clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrator in its reasonable discretion; provided; further
that if the Benchmark Replacement (as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above and after giving effect to the SOFR Adjustment or the
related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, respectively) would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or
zero) that has been selected by the Administrator and the Seller for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by the Relevant
Governmental Body, for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time; provided that, if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, more than one tenor of such Benchmark is available as of the applicable Benchmark
Replacement Date and the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement will not be a term rate, the Available Tenor of such Benchmark for purposes of this definition of Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall be deemed to be the Available
Tenor that has approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustments) as the payment period for discount calculated with reference to such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement. 

23 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark
Transition Event, the later of (A) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (B) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation
thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(2) in the
case of clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, date determined and announced or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or by the Administrator, which date shall
promptly follow the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; or 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event
giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such
determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth
therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the
administrator of the then-current Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark, the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, announcing or stating that: 

(1) such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified date to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark, permanently or
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark; or 

(2) all Available Tenors of such Benchmark are or will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such
Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. 

Benchmark Unavailability Period
means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the
then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in accordance with this Section 1.12(g) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all
purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in accordance with this Section 1.12(g). 

24 

Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as
applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or discount payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Reference Time means, with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, the time determined by the Administrator
in its reasonable discretion. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

(h) Selection of Discount Rate Options. If the Seller fails to select a new Discount Rate Option to apply to any
Portion of Investment under any Term Rate Investment Option at the expiration of an existing Yield Period applicable to such Portion of Investment in accordance with the provisions of Section 1.12, the Seller shall be deemed to have
continued such Portion of Investment as the Term Rate Investment Option then in effect commencing upon the last day of the existing Yield Period. Each Yield Period for SOFR Rate Investments shall be a period of one (1) month. Any Purchase
Notice that fails to select a Discount Rate Option shall be deemed to be a request for the SOFR Rate Option. 

(i) Discount Payment
Dates. Each Investment shall accrue Discount on each day when such Investment remains outstanding at the then applicable discount rate for the Portion of Investment relating to such Investment. The Seller shall pay all Discount on each
Settlement Date in accordance with the terms and priorities for payment set forth in Section 1.4. 

ARTICLE II. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; COVENANTS; 

TERMINATION EVENTS 

Section 2.1. Representations and Warranties; Covenants. Each of the Seller, WESCO and the Servicer hereby makes the
representations and warranties, and hereby agrees to perform and observe the covenants, applicable to it set forth in Exhibits III and IV, respectively. 

Section 2.2. Termination Events. If any of the Termination Events set forth in Exhibit V shall occur and be continuing, the
Administrator may (with the consent of a Simple Majority of the Purchasers) or shall (at the direction of a Simple Majority of the Purchasers), by notice to the Seller, declare the Facility Termination Date to have occurred (in which case the
Facility Termination Date shall be deemed to have occurred); provided, that automatically upon the occurrence of any event (without any requirement for the passage of time or the giving of notice) described in paragraph (f) of
Exhibit V, the Facility Termination Date shall occur. Upon any such declaration, occurrence or deemed occurrence of the Facility Termination Date, the Administrator, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser shall have, in addition to the
rights and remedies that they may have under this Agreement, all other rights and remedies provided after default under the New York UCC and under other Applicable Law, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative. 

25 

ARTICLE III. 

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 3.1. Indemnities by the Seller. Without limiting any other rights that any Purchaser Agent, Purchaser, Liquidity Provider,
the Administrator or any Program Support Provider or any of their respective Affiliates, employees, officers, directors, agents, counsel, successors, transferees or assigns (each, an Indemnified Party) may have hereunder or under
Applicable Law, the Seller hereby agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Party from and against any and all claims, damages, expenses, costs,
taxes (including any incremental taxes suffered by an Indemnified Party, paid on an after-tax basis, that arise because
an Investment is not treated consistently with the Intended Tax Treatment), losses and liabilities (including Attorney Costs) (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as
Indemnified Amounts) arising out of or resulting from this Agreement (whether directly or indirectly), the use of proceeds of purchases or reinvestments, the ownership of the Purchased Interest, or any interest therein, or in
respect of any Receivable, Related Security or Contract, excluding, however: (a) Indemnified Amounts to the extent resulting from gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such Indemnified Party or its officers, directors, agents or
counsel, (b) Indemnified Amounts in respect of any Receivable to the extent that such Receivable is uncollectible on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy or lack of creditworthiness of the related Obligor, or (c) any overall net income taxes or franchise taxes imposed on such Indemnified Party by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Indemnified Party is organized or any
political subdivision thereofExcluded Taxes.
Without limiting or being limited by the foregoing, and subject to the exclusions set forth in the preceding sentence, the Seller shall pay on demand (which demand shall be accompanied by documentation of the Indemnified Amounts, in reasonable
detail) to each Indemnified Party any and all amounts necessary to indemnify such Indemnified Party from and against any and all Indemnified Amounts relating to or resulting from any of the following: 

(i) the failure of any Receivable included in the calculation of the Net Receivables Pool Balance as an Eligible Receivable to
be an Eligible Receivable, the failure of any information contained in an Information Package or Daily Report to be true and correct, or the failure of any other information provided to such Indemnified Party by the Seller or Servicer with respect
to Receivables or this Agreement to be true and correct; 

(ii) the failure of any representation, warranty or statement
made or deemed made by the Seller (or any of its officers) under or in connection with this Agreement to have been true and correct as of the date made or deemed made in all respects when made; 

(iii) the failure by the Seller to comply with any Applicable Law with respect to any Pool Receivable or the related Contract,
or the failure of any Pool Receivable or the related Contract to conform to any such Applicable Law; 

(iv) the failure to
vest in the Administrator (for the benefit of the Purchasers) a valid and enforceable: (A) perfected undivided percentage ownership interest, to the extent of the Purchased Interest, in the Receivables in, or purporting to be in, the
Receivables Pool and the other Pool Assets, or, if not, a (B) first priority perfected security interest in the Pool Assets, in each case, free and clear of any Adverse Claim; 

26 

(v) the failure to have filed, or any delay in filing, financing statements
or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction or other Applicable Laws with respect to any Receivables in, or purporting to be in, the Receivables Pool and the other Pool Assets, whether at the time of any
Purchase or reinvestment or at any subsequent time; 

(vi) any dispute, claim, offset or defense (other than discharge in
bankruptcy of the Obligor) of the Obligor to the payment of any Receivable in, or purporting to be in, the Receivables Pool (including a defense based on such Receivable or the related Contract not being a legal, valid and binding obligation of such
Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms), or any other claim resulting from the sale of the goods or services related to such Receivable or the furnishing or failure to furnish such goods or services or relating to collection
activities with respect to such Receivable; 

(vii) any failure of the Seller, any Affiliate of the Seller or the Servicer
to perform its duties or obligations in accordance with the provisions hereof or under the Contracts; 

(viii) any products
liability or other claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding arising out of or in connection with merchandise, insurance or services that are the subject of any Contract; 

(ix) the commingling of Collections at any time with other funds; 

(x) the use of proceeds of purchases or reinvestments; or 

(xi) any reduction in the Aggregate Investment as a result of the distribution of Collections pursuant to
Section 1.4(d), if all or a portion of such distributions shall thereafter be rescinded or otherwise must be returned for any reason. 

Section 3.2. Indemnities by the Servicer. Without limiting any other rights that any Indemnified Party may have hereunder or under
Applicable Law, the Servicer hereby agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Party from and against any and all Indemnified Amounts arising out of or resulting from (whether directly or indirectly): (a) the failure of any information contained in
an Information Package or Daily Report to be true and correct, or the failure of any other information provided to such Indemnified Party by, or on behalf of, the Servicer to be true and correct, (b) the failure of any representation, warranty
or statement made or deemed made by the Servicer (or any of its officers) under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party to have been true and correct as of the date made or deemed made in all
respects when made, (c) the failure by the Servicer to comply with any Applicable Law with respect to any Pool Receivable or the related Contract, (d) any dispute, claim, offset or defense of the Obligor to the payment of any Receivable
in, or purporting to be in, the Receivables Pool resulting from or related to the collection activities of the Servicer, its Affiliates and designees, including any sub-servicers, with respect to such Receivable, or (e) any failure of the
Servicer to perform its duties or obligations in accordance with the provisions hereof or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party., excluding, however: (x) Indemnified Amounts to the extent resulting from gross negligence or willful misconduct on the
part of such Indemnified Party or its officers, directors, agents or counsel and (y) Indemnified Amounts in respect of any
Receivable to the extent that such Receivable is uncollectible on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy or
lack of creditworthiness of the related Obligor.

27 

ARTICLE IV. 

ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTIONS 

Section 4.1. Appointment of the Servicer. 

(a) The servicing, administering and collection of the Pool Receivables shall be conducted by the Person so designated from time to time as
the Servicer in accordance with this Section. Until the Administrator gives notice to WESCO (in accordance with this Section 4.1) of the designation of a new Servicer, WESCO is hereby designated as, and hereby agrees to perform the
duties and obligations of, the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof. Upon the occurrence and continuance of a Termination Event, the Administrator may (with the consent of the Majority Purchasers) or shall (at the direction of the Majority Purchasers) designate as Servicer any Person (including itself) to succeed
WESCO or any successor Servicer, on the condition in each case that any such Person so designated shall agree to perform the duties and obligations of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof. 

(b) Upon the designation of a successor Servicer as set forth in clause (a), WESCO agrees that it will terminate its activities as
Servicer hereunder in a manner that the Administrator determines will facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities to the new Servicer, and WESCO shall cooperate with and assist such new Servicer. Such cooperation shall include
access to and transfer of related records (including all Contracts) and use by the new Servicer of all licenses, hardware or software necessary or desirable to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security. 

(c) WESCO acknowledges that, in making their decision to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Administrator and each Purchaser Group have
relied on WESCOs agreement to act as Servicer hereunder. Accordingly, WESCO agrees that it will not voluntarily resign as Servicer. 

(d) The Servicer may delegate its duties and obligations hereunder to any subservicer (each a Sub-Servicer);
provided, that, in each such delegation: (i) such Sub-Servicer shall agree in writing to perform the duties and obligations of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof, (ii) the Servicer shall remain primarily liable for the
performance of the duties and obligations so delegated, (iii) the Seller, the Administrator and each Purchaser Group shall have the right to look solely to the Servicer for performance, and (iv) the terms of any agreement with any
Sub-Servicer shall provide that the Administrator may terminate such agreement upon the termination of the Servicer hereunder by giving notice of its desire to terminate such agreement to the Servicer (and the Servicer shall provide appropriate
notice to each such Sub-Servicer); provided, however, that if any such delegation is to any Person other than an Originator or an Affiliate thereof, the Administrator and the Majority Purchasers shall have consented in writing in
advance to such delegation, except that no consent shall be required with respect to the delegation of any duties to
outside collection agencies with respect to Defaulted Receivables. 

28 

Section 4.2. Duties of the Servicer. 

(a) The Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such action as may be necessary or advisable to administer and collect each Pool
Receivable from time to time, all in accordance with this Agreement and all Applicable Laws, with reasonable care and diligence, and in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policies. The Servicer shall set aside, for the account of each
Purchaser Group, the amount of the Collections to which each such Purchaser Group is entitled in accordance with Article I. The Servicer may, in accordance with the applicable Credit and Collection Policy, extend the maturity of any Pool
Receivable and extend the maturity or adjust the Outstanding Balance of any Defaulted Receivable as the Servicer may determine to be appropriate to maximize Collections thereof; provided, however, that: (i) such extension or
adjustment shall not alter the status of such Pool Receivable as a Delinquent Receivable or a Defaulted Receivable (or cause any ineligible Receivable to become an Eligible Receivable) or limit the rights of the Administrator or any Purchaser Group
under this Agreement, (ii) the original invoice date shall continue to be used for purposes of determining whether such Receivable is an Eligible Receivable, a Delinquent Receivable or a Defaulted Receivable and (iii) if a Termination
Event has occurred and is continuing and WESCO or an Affiliate
thereof is serving as the Servicer, WESCO or such Affiliate may make such extension or adjustment only upon the prior approval of the Administrator (with the consent of the Majority Purchasers). The Seller shall deliver to the Servicer and the
Servicer shall hold for the benefit of the Seller and the Administrator (individually and for the benefit of each Purchaser Group), in accordance with their respective interests, all records and documents (including computer tapes or disks) with
respect to each Pool Receivable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Administrator may direct the Servicer (whether the Servicer is WESCO or any other Person) to commence or settle any legal action to enforce collection of
any Pool Receivable or to foreclose upon or repossess any Related Security; provided, however, that no such direction may be given unless either: (A) a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing or (B) the Administrator believes in good faith
that failure to commence, settle or effect such legal action, foreclosure or repossession could adversely affect Receivables constituting a material portion of the Pool Receivables. 

(b) The Servicer shall, as soon as practicable following actual receipt of collected funds, turn over to the Seller the collections of any
indebtedness that is not a Pool Receivable, less, if WESCO or an Affiliate thereof is not the Servicer, all reasonable and appropriate out-of-pocket costs and expenses of such Servicer of servicing, collecting and administering such collections. The
Servicer, if other than WESCO or an Affiliate thereof, shall, as soon as practicable upon demand, deliver to the Seller all records in its possession that evidence or relate to any indebtedness that is not a Pool Receivable, and copies of records in
its possession that evidence or relate to any indebtedness that is a Pool Receivable. 

(c) The Servicers obligations hereunder shall
terminate on the later of: (i) the Facility Termination Date and (ii) the date on which all amounts required to be paid to the Purchaser Agents, each Purchaser, the Administrator and any other Indemnified Party or Affected Person hereunder
shall have been paid in full. 

After such termination, if WESCO or an Affiliate thereof was not the Servicer on the date of such
termination, the Servicer shall promptly deliver to the Seller all books, records and related materials that the Seller previously provided to the Servicer, or that have been obtained by the Servicer, in connection with this Agreement. 

29 

Section 4.3. Lock-Box Account Arrangements. Prior to the date hereof, the Seller
has entered into Lock-Box Agreements with all of the Lock-Box Banks maintaining any Lock-Box Account and delivered original counterparts of each such Lock-Box Agreement to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent. Upon (i) the occurrence of a
Termination Event, (ii) WESCO or Holdings ceasing to have a rating of at least B- by Standard & Poors on its corporate credit rating or (iii) Holdings Available Liquidity fails to exceed $100,000,000 (any of the foregoing, a Dominion Trigger Event), the
Administrator may (with the consent of any of the Purchasers) or shall
(or, upon the direction of any of the
PurchasersSimple
Majority, shall) at any time thereafter so long as any event described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above exists at such time, give notice to each Lock-Box Bank
that the Administrator is exercising its rights under the Lock-Box Agreements to do any or all of the following: (a) to have the exclusive ownership and control of the Lock-Box Accounts transferred to the Administrator (for the benefit of the
Purchasers) and to exercise exclusive dominion and control over the funds deposited therein, (b) to have the proceeds that are sent to the respective Lock-Box Accounts redirected pursuant to the Administrators instructions rather than
deposited in the applicable Lock-Box Account, and (c) to take any or all other actions permitted under the applicable Lock-Box Agreement (collectively, the Lock-Box Rights). The Seller hereby agrees that if the Administrator
at any time takes any action set forth in the preceding sentence, the Administrator shall have exclusive control (for the benefit of the Purchasers) of the proceeds (including Collections) of all Pool Receivables and the Seller hereby further agrees
to take any other action that the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent may reasonably request to transfer such control. Any proceeds of Pool Receivables received by the Seller or the Servicer thereafter shall be sent immediately to the
Administrator. The parties hereto hereby acknowledge that if at any time the Administrator takes control of any Lock-Box Account, the Administrator shall not have any rights to the funds therein in excess of the unpaid amounts due to the
Administrator, the Purchaser Groups, any Indemnified Party or any other Person hereunder, and the Administrator shall distribute or cause to be distributed such funds in accordance with Section 4.2(b) and Article I (in each case
as if such funds were held by the Servicer thereunder). The Administrator hereby agrees that, if, at any time following its exercise of its Lock-Box Rights, to the extent such Lock-Box Rights are being exercised by the Administrator due solely to
the occurrence of the event in clause (iii) above and such event has been cured for a period of not less than 60 consecutive days, unless consented to in writing by the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, upon notice of such cure to
the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, the Administrator shall reasonably cooperate with the Seller and the Servicer to cease exercising such Lock-Box Rights within a reasonable period of time; provided, however, that if, at any
time the Administrator ceases to exercise its Lock-Box Rights in accordance with this sentence, such cessation shall not preclude the Administrator from exercising any or all of its Lock-Box Rights at any time following such date. 

Section 4.4. Enforcement Rights. 

(a) At any time following the occurrence
and continuance of a Termination Event: 

(i) the Administrator may (with the consent or at the direction of a Simple Majority of the Purchasers) direct the Obligors
that payment of all amounts payable under any Pool Receivable is to be made directly to the Administrator or its designee; 

30 

(ii) the Administrator may (with the consent or at the direction of a Simple
Majority of the Purchasers) instruct the Seller or the Servicer to give notice of the Purchaser Groups interest in Pool Receivables to each Obligor, which notice shall direct that payments be made directly to the Administrator or its designee
(on behalf of such Purchaser Groups), and the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, shall give such notice at the expense of the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be; provided, that if the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may
be, fails to so notify each Obligor, the Administrator (at the Sellers or the Servicers, as the case may be, expense) may so notify the Obligors; and 

(iii) the Administrator may (with the consent or at the direction of a Simple Majority of the Purchasers) request the Servicer
to, and upon such request the Servicer shall: (A) assemble all of the records necessary or desirable to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security, and transfer or license to a successor Servicer the use of all software necessary or
desirable to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security, and make the same available to the Administrator or its designee (for the benefit of the Purchasers) at a place selected by the Administrator, and (B) segregate all cash,
checks and other instruments received by it from time to time constituting Collections in a manner acceptable to the Administrator and, promptly upon receipt, remit all such cash, checks and instruments, duly endorsed or with duly executed
instruments of transfer, to the Administrator or its designee. 

(b) The Seller hereby authorizes the Administrator (on behalf of each
Purchaser Group), and irrevocably appoints the Administrator as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution and with full authority in the place and stead of the Seller, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to take any and all
steps in the name of the Seller and on behalf of the Seller necessary or desirable, in the determination of the Administrator, after the occurrence
and continuance of a Termination Event, to collect any and all
amounts or portions thereof due under any and all Pool Assets, including endorsing the name of the Seller on checks and other instruments representing Collections and enforcing such Pool Assets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this subsection, none of the powers conferred upon such attorney-in-fact pursuant to the preceding sentence shall subject such attorney-in-fact to any liability if any action taken by it shall prove to be inadequate or invalid, nor shall they confer
any obligations upon such attorney-in-fact in any manner whatsoever. 

Section 4.5. Responsibilities of the Seller. 

(a) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Seller shall: (i) perform all of its obligations, if any, under the Contracts
related to the Pool Receivables to the same extent as if interests in such Pool Receivables had not been transferred hereunder, and the exercise by the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents or the Purchasers of their respective rights hereunder shall
not relieve the Seller from such obligations, and (ii) pay when due any taxes, including any sales taxes payable in connection with the Pool Receivables and their creation and satisfaction. The Administrator, the Purchaser Agents or any of the
Purchasers shall not have any obligation or liability with respect to any Pool Asset, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of the Seller, Servicer, WESCO or the Originators thereunder. 

31 

(b) WESCO hereby irrevocably agrees that if at any time it shall cease to be the Servicer
hereunder, it shall act (if the then-current Servicer so requests) as the data-processing agent of the Servicer and, in such capacity, WESCO shall conduct the data-processing functions of the administration of the Receivables and the Collections
thereon in substantially the same way that WESCO conducted such data-processing functions while it acted as the Servicer. 

Section 4.6. Servicing Fee. 

(a) Subject to clause (b), the Seller shall pay to the Servicer a fee (the Servicing Fee) for the provision of all
services relating to the collection and administration of the Pool Receivables and related cash management activities, which services shall be performed by employees of the Servicer. The Servicing Fee shall be equal to 1.0% per
annum of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Pool Receivables as of the last day of the prior month. Such fee shall be paid through (x) the Servicers retention of amounts representing the Sellers Share and the
Purchaser Groups Ratable Share of the Servicing Fee, and (y) otherwise, the distributions contemplated by Section 1.4(d). 

(b) If the Servicer ceases to be WESCO or an Affiliate thereof, the servicing fee shall be the greater of: (i) the amount calculated
pursuant to clause (a), and (ii) an alternative amount specified by the successor Servicer not to exceed 110% of the aggregate reasonable costs and expenses incurred by such successor Servicer in connection with the performance of its
obligations as Servicer. 

Section 4.7. [Reserved]. 

Section 4.8. Erroneous Payment.

(a) Each Purchaser hereby agrees that (i) if the Administrator notifies such Purchaser that the Administrator has determined in its sole
discretion that any funds received by such Purchaser from the Administrator or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Purchaser (whether or not known to such Purchaser (whether
as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise); individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Purchaser shall
promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrator the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together
with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Purchaser to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrator in same day funds at the greater of the
Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrator in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect and (ii) such Purchaser shall not assert any right or claim to the Erroneous
Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrator for the return of any Erroneous Payments received, including without limitation
waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrator to any Purchaser under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

32 

(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Purchaser hereby further
agrees that if it receives an Erroneous Payment from the Administrator (or any of its Affiliates) (i) that is in an amount different than (other than a de minimis difference), or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of
payment sent by the Administrator (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Erroneous Payment (an Erroneous Payment Notice), or (ii) that was not preceded or accompanied by an Erroneous Payment Notice, it shall be on
notice that, in each such case, an error has been made with respect to such Erroneous Payment. Each Purchaser further agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in
error, such Purchaser shall promptly notify the Administrator of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrator, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrator the amount of
any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) that was received by such Purchaser to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrator in same day funds at the greater of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrator
in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

(c) The Seller and each other Purchaser
hereby agree that (i) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Purchaser that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrator shall be subrogated to all the
rights of such Purchaser with respect to such amount and (ii) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any obligations owed by the Seller, any Originator or the Servicer, except that in each case, to the
extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrator from the Seller, any Originator or the Servicer for the purpose of making such Erroneous
Payment. 

(d) Each partys obligations under this Section 4.8 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the
Administrator or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Purchaser, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Sellers obligations (or any portion thereof) under any
Transaction Document. 

ARTICLE V. 

THE AGENTS 

Section 5.1. Appointment and Authorization. 

(a) Each Purchaser and Purchaser Agent hereby irrevocably designates and appoints PNC Bank, National Association as the
Administrator hereunder and authorizes the Administrator to take such actions and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrator hereby and to exercise such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The
Administrator shall hold, in its name, for the benefit of each Purchaser, ratably, the Purchased Interest. The Administrator shall not have any duties other than those expressly set forth herein or any fiduciary relationship with any Purchaser or
Purchaser Agent, and no implied obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement, or otherwise exist, against the Administrator. The Administrator does not assume, nor shall it be deemed to have assumed, any obligation to, or
relationship of trust or agency with, the Seller or Servicer. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, in no event shall the Administrator ever be required to take any action which exposes
the Administrator to personal liability or which is contrary to the provision of any Transaction Document or Applicable Law. 

33 

(b) Each Purchaser hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the respective institution
identified as the Purchaser Agent for such Purchasers Purchaser Group on the signature pages hereto or in the Assumption Agreement or Transfer Supplement pursuant to which such Purchaser becomes a party hereto, and each authorizes such
Purchaser Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to such Purchaser Agent by the terms of this Agreement, if any, together with
such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, no Purchaser Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any
fiduciary relationship with any Purchaser or other Purchaser Agent or the Administrator, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities on the part of such Purchaser Agent shall be read into this Agreement
or otherwise exist against such Purchaser Agent. 

(c) Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, the provisions of this
Article V are solely for the benefit of the Purchaser Agents, the Administrator and the Purchasers, and none of the Seller or Servicer shall have any rights as a third-party beneficiary or otherwise under
any of the provisions of this Article V, except that this Article V shall not affect any obligations which any Purchaser Agent, the Administrator or any Purchaser may have to the Seller or the Servicer under the other provisions of this
Agreement. Furthermore, no Purchaser shall have any rights as a third-party beneficiary or otherwise under any of the provisions hereof in respect of a Purchaser Agent which is not the Purchaser Agent for such Purchaser. 

(d) In performing its functions and duties hereunder, the Administrator shall act solely as the agent of the Purchasers and the Purchaser
Agents and does not assume nor shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for the Seller or Servicer or any of their successors and assigns. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, each
Purchaser Agent shall act solely as the agent of its respective Purchaser and does not assume nor shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for the Seller, the Servicer, any other Purchaser, any other
Purchaser Agent or the Administrator, or any of their respective successors and assigns. 

Section 5.2. Delegation of Duties.
The Administrator may execute any of its duties through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrator shall not be responsible for the negligence or
misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 

Section 5.3. Exculpatory Provisions. None
of the Purchaser Agents, the Administrator or any of their directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted (i) with the consent or at the direction of the Majorityrequisite Purchasers specified herein (or in the case of any Purchaser Agent, the Purchasers within its Purchaser Group that have a majority of the aggregate Commitment of such Purchaser Group) or (ii) in the absence of such Persons gross
negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrator shall not be responsible to any Purchaser, Purchaser Agent or other Person for (i) any recitals, representations, warranties or other statements made by the Seller, Servicer, or any of their
Affiliates, (ii) the value, 

34 

validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of any Transaction Document, (iii) any failure of the Seller, any Originator or any of their Affiliates to perform any
obligation or (iv) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Exhibit II. The Administrator shall not have any obligation to any Purchaser or Purchaser Agent to ascertain or inquire about the observance or performance of any
agreement contained in any Transaction Document or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Seller, Servicer, Originator or any of their Affiliates. 

Section 5.4. Reliance by Agents. Each Purchaser Agent and the Administrator shall in all cases be entitled to rely, and shall be
fully protected in relying, upon any document or other writing or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to
the Seller), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Administrator. Each Purchaser Agent and the Administrator shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Transaction Document unless it
shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Majority Purchasers (or in the case of any Purchaser Agent, the Purchasers within its Purchaser Group that have a majority of the aggregate Commitment of such Purchaser Group), and assurance of
its indemnification, as it deems appropriate. 

(a) The Administrator shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining
from acting, under this Agreement in accordance with a request of the Majority Purchasers or the Purchaser Agents, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all Purchasers, the Administrator and
Purchaser Agents. 

(b) The Purchasers within each Purchaser Group with a majority of the Commitment of such Purchaser Group shall be
entitled to request or direct the related Purchaser Agent to take action, or refrain from taking action, under this Agreement on behalf of such Purchasers. Such Purchaser Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from
acting, under this Agreement in accordance with a request of such Purchasers with such majority, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of such Purchaser Agents Purchasers. 

(c) Unless otherwise advised in writing by a Purchaser Agent or by any Purchaser on whose behalf such Purchaser Agent is purportedly acting,
each party to this Agreement may assume that (i) such Purchaser Agent is acting for the benefit of each of the Purchasers in respect of which such Purchaser Agent is identified as being the Purchaser Agent in the definition of
Purchaser Agent hereto, as well as for the benefit of each assignee or other transferee from any such Person, and (ii) each action taken by such Purchaser Agent has been duly authorized and approved by all necessary action on the
part of the Purchasers on whose behalf it is purportedly acting. Each Purchaser Agent and its Purchaser(s) shall agree amongst themselves as to the circumstances and procedures for removal, resignation and replacement of such Purchaser Agent. 

35 

Section 5.5. [Reserved]. 

Section 5.6. Notice of Termination Events. Neither any Purchaser Agent nor the Administrator shall be deemed to have knowledge or
notice of the occurrence of any Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event unless such, in the case of the Administrator,
the Administrator has received notice from any
Purchaser, Purchaser Agent, the Servicer or the Seller and, in the case of any Purchaser Agent, such Purchaser
Agent has received notice from the Administrator, any other Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser, the Servicer or the Seller, in each case, stating that a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination
Event has occurred hereunder and describing such Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event. In the event that the Administrator receives such a notice, it shall promptly give notice thereof to each Purchaser Agent whereupon each such
Purchaser Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to its Purchasers. In the event that a Purchaser Agent receives such a notice (other than from the Administrator), it shall promptly give notice thereof to the Administrator. The Administrator shall
take such action concerning a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event as may be directed by the Majority Purchasers unless such action otherwise requires the consent of all Purchasers), but until the Administrator receives such directions,
the Administrator may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, as the Administrator deems advisable and in the best interests of the Purchasers and Purchaser Agents. 

Section 5.7. Non-Reliance on Administrator, Purchaser Agents and Other Purchasers. Each Purchaser expressly acknowledges that none
of the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Administrator, or any Purchaser
Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Seller, WESCO, Servicer or any Originator, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrator or such Purchaser Agent, as applicable. Each Purchaser
represents and warrants to the Administrator and the Purchaser Agents that, independently and without reliance upon the Administrator, Purchaser Agents or any other Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate,
it has made and will continue to make its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, prospects, financial and other conditions and creditworthiness of the Seller, WESCO, Servicer or the Originators, and the
Receivables and its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to take, or omit, action under any Transaction Document. Except for items specifically required to be delivered hereunder, the Administrator shall not have any duty or responsibility
to provide any Purchaser Agent or Purchaser with any information
concerning the Seller, WESCO, Servicer or the Originators or any of their Affiliates that comes into the possession of the Administrator or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates. 

Section 5.8. Administrators and Affiliates. Each of the Purchasers and the Administrator and their Affiliates may extend credit
to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, debt, entity or other business with the Seller, WESCO, Servicer or any Originator or any of their Affiliates and PNC Bank, National Association may exercise or refrain from
exercising its rights and powers as if it were not the Administrator. With respect to the acquisition of the Eligible Receivables pursuant to this Agreement, each of the Purchaser Agents and the Administrator shall have the same rights and powers
under this Agreement as any Purchaser and may exercise the same as though it were not such an agent, and the terms Purchaser and Purchasers shall include each of the Purchaser Agents and the Administrator in their individual
capacities. 

36 

Section 5.9. Indemnification. Each Purchaser Group shall indemnify and hold
harmless the Administrator (but solely in its capacity as Administrator) and its officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Seller, WESCO or Servicer and without limiting the obligation of the
Seller, WESCO or Servicer to do so), ratably in accordance with its Ratable Share from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, judgments, settlements, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind whatsoever
(including in connection with any investigative or threatened proceeding, whether or not the Administrator or such Person shall be designated a party thereto) that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrator or
such Person as a result of, or related to, any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or the execution, delivery or performance of the Transaction Documents or any other document furnished in connection therewith (but
excluding any such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, judgments, settlements, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrator or such Person as finally
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction); provided, that in the case of each Purchaser that is a Conduit Purchaser, such indemnity shall be provided solely by the Committed Purchaser in such Conduit Purchasers Purchaser Group.

Section 5.10. Successor Administrator. 

(a) The Administrator may, upon at least five (5) days notice to the Seller and each Purchaser and Purchaser Agent, resign as
Administrator. Except as provided below, such resignation shall not become effective until a successor agent is appointed by the Majority Purchasers
(with the consent of the Seller so long as no Termination Event has occurred and is continuing) and has accepted such appointment. If no successor Administrator shall have been so appointed by the Majority
Purchasers (with the consent of the Seller so long as no Termination Event has occurred and is
continuing), within thirty (30) days after the departing Administrators giving of notice of resignation, the departing Administrator may appoint a successor Administrator as successor
Administrator subject to the prior written approval of the Seller (which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed and shall not be required if a Termination Event exists). If no successor Administrator shall have been so appointed by the Majority Purchasers or the Administrator within sixty (60) days after the departing
Administrators giving of notice of resignation, the departing Administrator may petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor Administrator. 

(b) Upon such acceptance of its appointment as Administrator hereunder by a successor Administrator, such successor Administrator shall
succeed to and become vested with all the rights and duties of the retiring Administrator, and the retiring Administrator shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Transaction Documents. After any retiring Administrators
resignation hereunder, the provisions of Sections 3.1 and 3.2 and this Article V shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrator. 

37 

ARTICLE VI. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 6.1. Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or
consent to any departure by the Seller or the Servicer therefrom, shall be effective unless in a writing signed by the Administrator and each of the Majority Purchasers, and, in the case of any amendment, by the other parties thereto; and then such
amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such amendment or waiver shall, without the consent of each affected Purchaser,
(A) extend the date of any payment or deposit of Collections by the Seller or the Servicer, (B) reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of Discount, (C) reduce any fees payable to the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any
Purchaser pursuant to the applicable Purchaser Group Fee Letter, (D) change the amount of Investment of any Purchaser, any Purchasers pro rata share of the Purchased Interest or any Committed Purchasers Commitment, (E) amend, modify
or waive any provision of the definition of Majority Purchaser, Simple Majority or this Section 6.1, (F) consent to or permit the assignment or transfer by the Seller of any of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement, (G) change the definition of Default Ratio, Eligible Receivable, Loss Reserve, Loss Reserve Percentage, Dilution Reserve, Dilution Reserve Percentage,
Dilution Volatility Component, Minimum Dilution Reserve, Minimum Dilution Reserve Percentage, Termination Event, Yield Reserve, Yield Reserve Percentage, Total
Reserves, Adjusted Net Receivables Pool Balance or Net Receivables Pool Balance, (H) amend or modify any defined term (or any defined term used directly or indirectly in such defined term) used in clauses
(A) through (G) above in a manner that would circumvent the intention of the restrictions set forth in such clauses, or (I) otherwise materially and adversely affect the rights of any such Purchaser hereunder;
provided, further, however, (i) no amendment or waiver of any provision of any Lock-Box Agreement or the Lock-Box Schedule Letter Agreement shall require the consent of any Purchaser (other than the Administrator) and, (ii) no amendment to the Sale Agreement joining any Subject Originator to the Sale Agreement as an Originator shall require the consent of any Purchaser (other than the Administrator) so long as either
(x) the Joinder Conditions are satisfied or (y) the agreement joining such Subject Originator states that the Receivables of such Originator shall be deemed to be Ineligible Subject Originator Receivables and (iii) no Defaulting Purchaser shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent
hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Purchasers or each affected Purchaser may be effected with the consent of the applicable Purchasers other than Defaulting Purchasers), except that
(x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Purchaser may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Defaulting Purchaser and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Purchasers or each affected
Purchaser that by its terms affects any Defaulting Purchaser disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Purchasers shall require the consent of such Defaulting Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator and the Seller
shall be permitted to amend any provision of any Transaction Document (and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any party to any Transaction Document) if the Administrator and Seller shall have jointly
identified an obvious error or any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature in any such provision. No failure on the part of the Purchasers or the Administrator to exercise, and no
delay in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. 

Section 6.2. Notices, Etc. All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be
in writing (including facsimile or electronic mail communication) and shall be delivered or sent by facsimile, electronic mail or by overnight mail, to the intended party at the mailing or electronic mail address or facsimile number of such party

38 

set forth under its name on Schedule IV hereof (or in any Assignment Agreement or other document or agreement pursuant to which it is or became a party hereto), or at such other address or
facsimile number as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and communications shall be effective (i) if delivered by overnight mail, when received, and (ii) if transmitted by
facsimile or electronic mail, when sent, receipt confirmed by telephone or electronic means. 

Section 6.3. Successors and Assigns;
Participations; Assignments. 

(a) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Seller may not assign or transfer any of its rights or delegate any of its duties hereunder or under any Transaction Document without the prior
consent of the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers. 

(b) Participations. Any Purchaser may sell to one or more
Persons (each a Participant) participating interests in the interests of such Purchaser hereunder; provided, however, that no Purchaser shall grant any participation under which the Participant shall have
rights to approve any amendment to or waiver of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Such Purchaser shall remain solely responsible for performing its obligations hereunder, and the Seller, each Purchaser Agent and the Administrator
shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Purchaser in connection with such Purchasers rights and obligations hereunder. A Purchaser shall not agree with a Participant to restrict such Purchasers right to agree to any
amendment hereto, except amendments that require the consent of all Purchasers. 

Each Purchaser that sells a
participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Seller, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the
Commitments and Investments or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register); provided that no Purchaser shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including
the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitments, Investment or its other obligations under any this Agreement) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to
establish that such Commitment, Investment or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and
such Purchaser shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrator
(in its capacity as Administrator) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

(c) Assignments by Certain Committed Purchasers. Any Committed Purchaser may assign to one or more Persons (each a Purchasing
Committed Purchaser), reasonably acceptable to the related Purchaser Agent in itsand the Administrator, in each such Persons sole discretion, any
portion of its Commitment pursuant to a supplement hereto, substantially in the form of Annex E with any changes as have been approved by the parties thereto (a Transfer Supplement), executed by each such Purchasing
Committed Purchaser, such selling Committed Purchaser, such related Purchaser Agent. and with the consent of the Seller (provided, that the 

39 

consent of the Seller shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed and that no such consent shall be required if (i) a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing or (ii) such assignment is made by any Committed Purchaser to any other Purchaser, an Affiliate of any Purchaser,
or any Person that is associated with or administered by the Administrator any Purchaser or any Affiliate of any Purchaser). Any such assignment by a Committed Purchaser cannot be for an amount
less than the lesser of $30,000,000 and the amount of such Committed Purchasers Commitment. Upon (i) the execution of the Transfer Supplement, (ii) delivery of an executed copy thereof to the Seller, such related Purchaser Agent and
the Administrator and (iii) payment by the Purchasing Committed Purchaser to the selling Committed Purchaser of the agreed purchase price, such selling Committed Purchaser shall be released from its obligations hereunder to the extent of such
assignment and such Purchasing Committed Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Committed Purchaser party hereto and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Committed Purchaser hereunder to the same extent as if it were an original party
hereto. The amount of the Commitment of the selling Committed Purchaser allocable to such Purchasing Committed Purchaser shall be equal to the amount of the Commitment of the selling Committed Purchaser transferred regardless of the purchase price
paid therefor. The Transfer Supplement shall be an amendment hereof only to the extent necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing Committed Purchaser as a Committed Purchaser and any resulting adjustment of the selling
Committed Purchasers Commitment. 

(d) [Reserved]. 

(e) Assignment by Conduit Purchasers. Each party hereto agrees and consents (i) to any Conduit Purchasers assignment,
participation, grant of security interests in or other transfers of any portion of, or any of its beneficial interest in, the Purchased Interest (or portion thereof), including without limitation to any collateral agent in connection with its
commercial paper program and (ii) to the complete assignment by any Conduit Purchaser of all of its rights and obligations hereunder to any other Person, and upon such assignment such Conduit Purchaser shall be released from all obligations and
duties, if any, hereunder. Any assigning Conduit Purchaser shall deliver to any assignee a Transfer Supplement, duly executed by such Conduit Purchaser, assigning any portion of its interest in the Purchased Interest to its assignee. Such Conduit
Purchaser shall promptly (i) notify each of the other parties hereto of such assignment and (ii) take all further action that the assignee reasonably requests in order to evidence the assignees right, title and interest in such
interest in the Purchased Interest and to enable the assignee to exercise or enforce any rights of such Conduit Purchaser hereunder. Upon the assignment of any portion of its interest in the Purchased Interest, the assignee shall have all of the
rights hereunder with respect to such interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Committed Purchaser and Conduit Purchaser may assign any Investments to other willing Committed Purchasers or Conduit Purchasers in their respective Purchaser Groups
without any requirements for delivery of a Transfer Supplement; provided the Purchaser Agent for such Purchaser Group shall promptly notify the Seller and the Administrator of such assignment. 

(f) Register. The Administrator shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Seller, maintain at its address referred to on
Schedule IV of this Agreement (or such other address of the Administrator notified by the Administrator to the other parties hereto) a copy of each Transfer Supplement delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the recordation of the
names and addresses of the Purchasers, the Commitment of each Committed Purchaser and the 

40 

aggregate Investment of each Purchaser from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error,
and the Seller, the Servicer, the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Purchaser, as a Purchaser under this Agreement for all purposes of this Agreement. The
Register shall be available for inspection by the Seller, the Servicer, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(g) Procedure. Upon its receipt of a Transfer Supplement executed and delivered by an assigning Purchaser, the Administrator shall, if
such Transfer Supplement has been duly completed, (i) accept such Transfer Supplement and (ii) record the information contained therein in the Register. 

Section 6.4. Costs, Expenses and Taxes. In addition to the rights of indemnification granted under Section 3.1, the
Seller agrees to pay on demand (which demand shall be accompanied by documentation thereof in reasonable detail) all reasonable costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and administration (including periodic
internal audits by the Administrator of Pool Receivables) of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the other documents and agreements to be delivered hereunder (and all reasonable costs and expenses in connection with any amendment,
waiver or modification of any thereof), including: (i) Attorney Costs for the Administrator, each Purchaser Group and their respective Affiliates and agents with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrator, each Purchaser
Group and their respective Affiliates and agents as to their rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and (ii) all reasonable costs and expenses (including Attorney Costs), if any, of the Administrator, each
Purchaser Group and their respective Affiliates and agents in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

The Seller,
the Servicer, the Purchasers, the Purchaser Agents and the other parties hereto have structured this Agreement with the intention that the Investments will be treated under United States federal, and applicable state, local and foreign tax law as
debt (the Intended Tax Treatment). The Seller, the Servicer, the Purchasers, the Purchaser Agents and the other parties from time to time party hereto agree not to file any tax return, or take any action, inconsistent with the Intended
Tax Treatment unless required by a final determination within the meaning of Section 1313 of the Internal Revenue Code (or similar or analogous state, local or foreign tax law).

In addition, the Seller shall pay on demand any and all stamp and other similar taxes and fees payable in connection with the execution,
delivery, filing and recording of this Agreement or the other documents or agreements to be delivered hereunder, and agrees to save each Indemnified Party harmless from and against any liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay in
paying or omission to pay such taxes and fees. 

Section 6.5. No Proceedings; Limitation on Payments. 

(a) Each of the Seller, WESCO, the Servicer, the Administrator, the Purchaser Agents, the Purchasers, each assignee of the Purchased Interest
or any interest therein, and each Person that enters into a commitment to purchase the Purchased Interest or interests therein, hereby covenants and agrees that it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, any
Conduit Purchaser any Insolvency Proceeding, for one year and one day after the latest maturing Note issued by such Conduit Purchaser is paid in full. 

41 

(b) Each of WESCO, the Servicer, the Purchaser Agents, the Purchasers, each assignee of the
Purchased Interest or any interest therein, and each Person that enters into a commitment to purchase the Purchased Interest or interests therein, hereby covenants and agrees that it will not institute against, or join any other Person in
instituting against, the Seller any Insolvency Proceeding until one year and one day after the Final Payout Date; provided, that the Administrator may take any such action in its sole discretion following the occurrence of a Termination
Event. 

(c) Notwithstanding any provisions contained in this Agreement to the contrary, a Conduit Purchaser shall not, and shall be under
no obligation to, pay any amount, if any, payable by it pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless (i) such Conduit Purchaser has received funds which may be used to make such payment and which funds are not required to
repay such Conduit Purchasers Notes when due and (ii) after giving effect to such payment, either (x) such Conduit Purchaser could issue Notes to refinance all of its outstanding Notes (assuming such outstanding Notes matured at such
time) in accordance with the program documents governing such Conduit Purchasers securitization program or (y) all of such Conduit Purchasers Notes are paid in full. Any amount which any Conduit Purchaser does not pay pursuant to
the operation of the preceding sentence shall not constitute a claim (as defined in Section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code) against or company obligation of such Conduit Purchaser for any such insufficiency unless and until such Conduit Purchaser
satisfies the provisions of clauses (i) and (ii) above. The provision of this Section 6.5 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

Section 6.6. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION. 

(a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE
SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 

(b) ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO
THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK; AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT
OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM
NON CONVENIENS, THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED HERETO. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS,
COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH SERVICE MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY NEW YORK LAW. 

42 

Section 6.7. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

Section 6.8. Survival of Termination. The provisions of Sections 1.7, 1.8, 3.1, 3.2, 6.4,
6.5, 6.6, 6.9, 6.10 and 6.14 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

Section 6.9.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY IN ANY
ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY OF THE PARTIES AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY OR PARTIES, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF
ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO FURTHER AGREES THAT ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM
OR OTHER PROCEEDING THAT SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS
AGREEMENT. 

Section 6.10. Sharing of Recoveries. Each Purchaser agrees that if it receives any recovery, through set-off,
judicial action or otherwise, on any amount payable or recoverable hereunder in a greater proportion than should have been received hereunder or otherwise inconsistent with the provisions hereof, then the recipient of such recovery shall purchase
for cash an interest in amounts owing to the other Purchasers (as return of Investment or otherwise), without representation or warranty except for the representation and warranty that such interest is being sold by each such other Purchaser free
and clear of any Adverse Claim created or granted by such other Purchaser, in the amount necessary to create proportional participation by the Purchaser in such recovery. If all or any portion of such amount is thereafter recovered from the
recipient, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 

Section 6.11. Right of Setoff.
DuringIf a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, each Purchaser after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrator, is
hereby authorized (in addition to any other rights it may have) to setoff, appropriate and apply (without presentment, demand, protest or other notice which are hereby expressly waived) any deposits and any other indebtedness held or owing by such
Purchaser (including by any branches or agencies of such Purchaser) to, or for the account of, the Seller against amounts owing by the Seller hereunder (even if contingent or unmatured).; provided that in the
event that any Defaulting Purchaser shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over 

43 

immediately to the Administrator for further application in
accordance with the provisions of Section 1.9 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Purchaser from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrator and the Purchasers, and (y) the
Defaulting Purchaser shall provide promptly to the Administrator a statement describing in reasonable detail the obligations owing to such Defaulting Purchaser as to which it exercised such right of setoff. Each Purchaser agrees to notify the Seller
and the Administrator promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.

Section 6.12. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding
between the parties hereto, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings of such Persons, verbal or written, relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof. 

Section 6.13. Headings. The captions and headings of this Agreement and any Exhibit, Schedule or Annex hereto are for convenience
of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation hereof or thereof. 

Section 6.14. Limitation of Liability.
Purchaser Groups Liabilities1. The obligations of each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser
under the Transaction Documents are solely the corporate obligations of such Person. Except with respect to any claim arising out of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser, no claim may
be made by the Seller or the Servicer or any other Person against the Administrator, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser or their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agents for any special, indirect, consequential or
punitive damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or any act, omission or event occurring
in connection therewith; and each of Seller and Servicer hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue upon any claim for any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. Without limiting the obligations of the Seller and the Servicer under Sections 3.1 and 3.2, neither the Seller nor the
Servicer shall have any liability for any punitive, special, indirect or consequential damages resulting from this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith, provided further
that, nothing in this Section 6.14 shall relieve either the Seller or the Servicer of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnified Party against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnified
Party by a third party.

Section 6.15. Pledge to a Federal Reserve
Bank. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, (i) each Committed Purchaser may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its interest in, to and under its undivided percentage ownership
interest with regard to the Purchased Interest or under this Agreement to secure its obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, or (ii) in the event that any Conduit Purchaser assigns any interest in, to and under its undivided percentage ownership
interest with regard to the Purchased Interest to any Program Support Provider pursuant to a Program Support Agreement, such Program Support Provider may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its interest in, to
and under such undivided percentage ownership interest with regard to the Purchased Interest or under this Agreement to secure the obligations of such Program Support Provider to a Federal Reserve Bank, in each case without notice to or the consent
of the Seller. 

44 

Section 6.16. Confidentiality. 

(a) Each of the Seller and the Servicer covenants and agrees to hold in confidence, and not disclose to any Person, the terms of this Agreement or any Purchaser Group Fee Letter (including any fees payable in connection with this Agreement, any Purchaser Group Fee Letter or any other Transaction Document or the identity of the Administrator or any
Purchaser or Purchaser Agent), except as the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent may have consented to in writing prior to any proposed disclosure; provided, however, that it
may disclose such information (i) to its Advisors and Representatives, (ii) to the extent such information has become available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by or through the Seller, the Servicer or their Advisors
and Representatives or (iii) to the extent it should be (A) required by Applicable Law, or in connection with any legal or regulatory proceeding or (B) requested by any Governmental Authority to disclose such information;
provided, that, in the case of clause (iii) above, the Seller and the Servicer will use reasonable efforts to maintain confidentiality and will (unless otherwise prohibited by Applicable Law) notify the Administrator and the
affected Purchaser or Purchaser Agent of its intention to make any such disclosure prior to making such disclosure. Each of the Seller and the Servicer agrees to be responsible for any breach of this Section by its Representatives and Advisors and
agrees that its Representatives and Advisors will be advised by it of the confidential nature of such information and shall agree to comply with this Section.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly agreed that each of the Seller, the Servicer and their respective Affiliates may publish a press release or
otherwise publicly announce the existence and principal amount of the Commitments under this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; provided that the Administrator shall be provided a reasonable opportunity to review such press release
or other public announcement prior to its release and provide comment thereon; provided, further, that no such press release shall name or otherwise identify the Administrator, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or any of their respective Affiliates
without such Persons prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

(b) Each of
the Administrator, the Purchasers and the Purchaser Agents agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except as the Seller or Servicer may have consented to in writing prior to any proposed disclosure; provided,
however, that it may disclose such Information (a) to its Advisors and Representatives, (b) to the extent such information has become available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by or through such Person or their
Advisors and Representatives or (iii) to the extent it should be (A) required by Applicable Law, or in connection with any legal or regulatory proceeding or (B) requested by any Governmental Authority to disclose such information;
provided, that, in the case of clause (iii) above, the affected Person will use reasonable efforts to maintain confidentiality and will (unless otherwise not practicable or prohibited by Applicable Law) notify the Seller and Servicer of its
intention to make any such disclosure prior to making such disclosure, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the
enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder or (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of
its rights or 

45 

obligations under this Agreement. For the purposes of this
Section, Information means all information from or on behalf of the Seller, Servicer or any Originator relating to their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrator, such Purchaser or such Purchaser
Agent on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Seller, Servicer or any Originator and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that
serve the lending industry. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to
maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

(c)
(b) As used in this Section, (i) Advisors means, with respect to any
Person, such Persons accountants, attorneys and other confidential advisors and (ii) Representatives means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates, Subsidiaries, directors, managers, officers,
employees, members, investors, financing sources, insurers, professional advisors, representatives and agents; provided that such Person shall not be deemed to Representatives of a Person unless (and solely to the extent that) confidential
information is furnished to such Person. 

(d)
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent not inconsistent with applicable securities
laws, each party hereto (and each of its employees, representatives or other agents) may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure (as defined in Section 1.6011-4 of the Treasury
Regulations) of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such Person relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. 

Section 6.17. Mutual Negotiations. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are the product of mutual negotiations by
the parties thereto and their counsel, and no party shall be deemed the draftsperson of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any provision hereof or thereof or to have provided the same. Accordingly, in the event of any inconsistency
or ambiguity of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, such inconsistency or ambiguity shall not be interpreted against any party because of such partys involvement in the drafting thereof. 

Section 6.18. Credit Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
herein, each reference to any definition, section or provision in the Credit Agreement shall be a reference thereto without giving effect to any amendments, supplements or other modifications thereto entered into at any time that PNC Bank, National
Association is not a party to the Credit Agreement.

Section 6.18. Replacement of Purchasers, Affected Entities and
Agents.

If (i) any Affected
Person requests compensation under Sections 1.7 or 1.8, (ii) any Purchaser is a Defaulting Purchaser or (iii) any Purchaser fails to consent to any proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any
provision hereof or of any other Transaction Document that requires the approval of such Purchaser in accordance with the terms of Section 6.1, but the consent of the Majority Purchaser have been obtained with respect to such 

46 

amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent; the
Seller may arrange, at its sole expense, for an assignment of, and such Purchaser or Affected Person, as applicable, hereby agrees to fully cooperate with the Seller in effectuating any such assignment, to one or more financial institutions
acceptable to the Seller and the Administrator, all the rights and obligations hereunder of each such Purchaser or Affected Person, as applicable, in accordance with Section 6.3 and in exchange for receipt by such Person of an amount, in
immediately available funds, equal to all amounts owed such Person hereunder or under any other Transaction Document at such time. Except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Purchaser will
constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Purchasers having been a Defaulting Purchaser. 

Section 6.19. USA Patriot Act. Each of the Administrator and each of the other Affected Persons hereby notifies the Seller and the
Servicer that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) (the PATRIOT Act), the Administrator and the other Affected Persons may be required to obtain,
verify and record information that identifies the Seller, the Originators and the Servicer, which information includes the name, address, tax identification number and other information regarding the Seller, the Originators and the Servicer that
will allow the Administrator and the other Affected Persons to identify the Seller, the Originators and the Servicer in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the PATRIOT Act. Each of the Seller
and the Servicer agrees to provide the Administrator and each other Affected Persons, from time to time, with all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under know your customer and anti-money
laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Section 6.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in any Transaction Documents or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Transaction Document, to the
extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any
such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; or 

47 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the
exercise of the Write-down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 6.21. Acknowledgement Regarding
Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Transaction Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any swap contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support,
and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions
below applicable notwithstanding that the Transaction Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing
such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such
interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special
Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Transaction Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than
such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Transaction Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing,
it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a defaulting Purchaser or Purchaser Agent shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

(b) As used in this Section 6.21, the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

48 

Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered
entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or
(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial
contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

49 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.

WESCO RECEIVABLES CORP.,

as Seller

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC.,

as
Servicer

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S-1 

Fifth Amended and Restated

Receivables Purchase Agreement

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a Committed Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Purchaser Agent for PNC Bank, National Association

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as
Administrator

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S-2 

Fifth Amended and Restated

Receivables Purchase Agreement

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Committed Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Purchaser Agent for Wells Fargo Bank, National Association

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S-3 

Fifth Amended and Restated

Receivables Purchase Agreement

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Committed Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Purchaser Agent for Fifth Third Bank, National Association

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S-4 

Fifth Amended and Restated

Receivables Purchase Agreement

LIBERTY STREET FUNDING LLC, as a Conduit Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as Purchaser Agent for Liberty Street Funding LLC and as a Committed Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S-5 

Fifth Amended and Restated

Receivables Purchase Agreement

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA, in its capacity as trustee of RELIANT TRUST, by its U.S. Financial Services Agent, THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, as a Conduit Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

GTA FUNDING LLC, as a Conduit Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, as Purchaser Agent for Reliant Trust and GTA Funding LLC and a Committed Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S-6 

Fifth Amended and Restated

Receivables Purchase Agreement

BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCATION, as a Committed Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCATION, as a Purchaser Agent for Bank of America, N.A.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S-7 

Fifth Amended and Restated

Receivables Purchase Agreement

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, as a Purchaser Agent for Macro Trust and Bay Square Funding LLC and as a Committed Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

BAY SQUARE FUNDING LLC, as a Conduit Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA, in its capacity as trustee of MACRO TRUST, by its Financial Services Agent, CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, as a Conduit Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S-8 

Fifth Amended and Restated

Receivables Purchase Agreement

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Committed Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

HSBC SECURITIES USA INC., as Purchaser Agent for HSBC Bank USA, National Association

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S-9 

Fifth Amended and Restated

Receivables Purchase Agreement

EXHIBIT I 

DEFINITIONS 

As used in this
Agreement (including its Exhibits, Schedules and Annexes), the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined). Unless otherwise indicated, all
Section, Annex, Exhibit and Schedule references in this Exhibit are to Sections of and Annexes, Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement. 

Adjusted Dilution Ratio means, at any time, the twelve-month rolling average of the Dilution Ratio. 

Adjusted Net Receivables Pool Balance means, at any time: (a) the Net Receivables Pool Balance, plus
(b) the sum of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Affiliate Receivables then in the Receivables Pool, (ii) the Specifically Reserved Amount and (iii) the aggregate amount for each Obligor of the lesser of (x) the
Contra Amount, if any, with respect to such Obligor at such time and (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables, the Obligor of which is such Obligor. 

Administrator has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Adverse Claim means a lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance, or any other type of preferential
arrangement; it being understood that (i) any thereof
in favor of the Administrator (for the benefit of the Purchasers ) shall not constitute an Adverse Claim and
(ii) any grant of security interest in the capital stock of the Seller pursuant to the Credit Agreement shall not constitute an Adverse Claim. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affected Person has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7 of this Agreement. 

Affiliate means, as to any Person, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by or is under
common control with such Person, except that, in the case of each Conduit Purchaser, Affiliate shall mean the holder of its capital stock. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect: (x) to
vote 25% or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person, or (y) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, in either case whether by ownership of
securities, contract, proxy or otherwise. 

Affiliate Receivable means any Receivable, the Obligor of which is an
Affiliate of WESCO or any Originator. 

Aggregate Discount at any time, means the sum of the aggregate for each
Purchaser of the accrued and unpaid Discount with respect to each such Purchasers Investment at such time. 

I-1 

Aggregate Investment means, at any time, the aggregate of the Investments
of each Purchaser at such time. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Amendment Date means March 8, 2024. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means (a) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; (b) the U.K. Bribery
Act 2010, as amended; and (c) any other applicable Law relating to antibribery or anti-corruption in any jurisdiction to which WESCO or any of the Covered Entities is subject. 

Anti-Terrorism Law means any Law in force or hereinafter enacted related to terrorism, money laundering, or economic
sanctions, including the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq., the USA PATRIOT Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701, et seq., the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1, et seq.,
18 U.S.C. 2332d, and 18 U.S.C. 2339B. 

Applicable Law means, with respect to any Person, all provisions
of Law applicable to such Person or any of its property. 

AR System means (i) the Oracle, AS 400 Mainframe, SxE or
Eclipse accounts receivable systems which are used by the on-system originators, (ii) the accounts receivables systems which are used by the off-system originators, or (iii) any system or systems which replace any of the
foregoing.

Assumption Agreement means an agreement
substantially in the form set forth in Annex D to this Agreement. 

Attorney Costs means and includes all reasonable fees and disbursements of any law firm or other external counsel, the reasonable allocated cost of internal legal services and all reasonable disbursements of internal
counsel.and documented fees and out-of-pocket costs and expenses of one counsel to the Purchaser
Parties, taken as a whole, and if reasonably deemed necessary or desirable by the Administrator, one firm of local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction; provided that, in connection with the enforcement or protection of the Purchaser Parties
rights following the occurrence and during the continuance of a Termination Event if there shall exist an actual or perceived conflict of interest among such Persons, one or more additional law firms in each relevant jurisdiction shall be permitted
to the extent necessary to eliminate such conflict.

Available
Liquidity means, on any date of determination, the sum of (i) the Maximum Incremental Purchase, (ii) the amount of borrowing availability under the Credit Agreement and (iii) cash balances and liquid investments held by
WESCO and its Affiliates. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-down and Conversion Powers by the applicable
Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

I-2 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the
resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. 101, et seq.), as amended from
time to time. 

Base Rate means, any Purchaser, for any day (a) a fluctuating interest rate per annum as shall be
in effect from time to time, which rate shall be at all times equal to the higher of: 

(i) the rate of interest in effect
for such day as publicly announced from time to time by such Purchasers Purchaser Agent as its prime rate, base rate or similarly designate rate and which is used as a general reference point for pricing some loans,
which may be priced at, above or below such announced rate, 

(ii) 0.50% per annum above the latest Overnight Bank
Funding Rate, and 

(iii) Daily Simple SOFR, plus 1.00%, so long as Daily Simple SOFR is offered, ascertainable and
not unlawful; or 

(b) such other rate set forth as the Base Rate for such Purchaser in its Purchaser Group Fee Letter, or any
other document pursuant to which is became a party hereto. 

Base Rate Option means the option of the Seller to have
Investments accrue Discount at the rate and under the terms specified in Section 1.12(a)(i)(B)(3). 

Beneficial
Owner means, for the Seller, each of the following: (a) each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, owns 25% or more of the Sellers capital stock; and (b) a single individual with significant responsibility to
control, manage, or direct the Seller. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan means any employee benefit pension plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA in respect of which the
Seller, any Originator, WESCO or any ERISA Affiliate is, or at any time during the immediately preceding six years was, an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Blocked Property means any property: (a) owned, directly or indirectly, by a Sanctioned Person; (b) due to or
from a Sanctioned Person; (c) in which a Sanctioned Person otherwise holds any interest; (d) located in a Sanctioned Jurisdiction; or (e) that otherwise would cause any actual violation by any Purchaser Party of any applicable
International Trade Law if the Purchaser Parties were to obtain an encumbrance on, lien on, pledge of, or security interest in such property, or provide services in consideration of such property. 

I-3 

Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which
banks are not authorized or required to close in New York City, New York or Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; provided that for purposes of any direct or indirect calculation or determination of, or when used in connection with SOFR Rate Investment
or Daily Resetting SOFR Investment, the term Business Day means any such day Term SOFR or SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor website thereto. 

Certification of Beneficial Owner(s) means,
for the Seller, a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of
Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. 

Change in Control means (i) Holdings ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the capital stock of WESCO or
(ii) WESCO ceases to own, directly or indirectly (including through one or more of its Subsidiaries), (a) 100% of the capital stock of the Seller free and clear of all Adverse Claims or (b) a majority of the capital stock of any
Originator, in the case of each of (i) and (ii)(b) above, free and clear of all Adverse Claims other than the pledges or grants of security interest by WESCO or
one or more of its Subsidiaries to (x) Barclays Bank PLC or any other Person that assumes its obligations under the Intercreditor Agreement, as agent for itself and various lenders pursuant to one or more pledge agreements and security
agreements as required under the Credit Agreement as such pledge agreements or security agreements may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and (y) such other lenders to WESCO and its Subsidiaries so long
as such lenders enter into an intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the to the Administrator (it being agreed that the Intercreditor Agreement is a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator)..

CIBC means Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. 

Closing Date means June 22, 2020. 

Collections means, with respect to any Pool Receivable: (a) all funds that are received by any Originator, WESCO, the
Seller or the Servicer in payment of any amounts owed in respect of such Receivable (including purchase price, finance charges, interest and all other charges), or applied to amounts owed in respect of such Receivable (including insurance payments
and net proceeds of the sale or other disposition of repossessed goods or other collateral or property of the related Obligor or any other Person directly or indirectly liable for the payment of such Pool Receivable and available to be applied
thereon), (b) all amounts deemed to have been received pursuant to Section 1.4(e) of this Agreement and (c) all other proceeds of such Pool Receivable. 

Commitment means, with respect to each Committed Purchaser, the maximum amount which such Purchaser is obligated to pay
hereunder on account of any Purchase, as set forth below its name on Schedule VI hereto to this Agreement or in the Assumption Agreement or any similar document pursuant to which it became a Purchaser, as such amount may be modified in
connection with any subsequent assignment pursuant to Section 6.3(c) or in connection with a change in the Purchase Limit pursuant to Section 1.1(b) or Section 1.11. 

I-4 

Commitment Increase Effective Date has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.11(c). 

Commitment Letter means that certain Securitization Facility Amendment Commitment Letter,
dated as of May 18, 2020, among WESCO, PNC, Wells, Fifth Third, Scotia, TD and CIBC, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 

Commitment Percentage means, at any time, for each Committed Purchaser in a Purchaser Group, such Committed
Purchasers Commitment divided by the total of all Commitments of all Committed Purchasers in such Purchaser Group. 

Committed Purchaser means each Person listed as such on the signature pages of this Agreement or in any Assumption
Agreement or Transfer Supplement. 

Company Note has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 of the Sale
Agreement. 

Concentration Percentage means Normal Concentration Percentage; provided, however, that the
Administrator may, if each of the Purchasers has so consented, approve higher Concentration Percentages for selected Obligors (which approved percentage shall become the Concentration Percentage applicable to such Obligor). 

Concentration Reserve means, at any time of determination, an amount equal to: (a) the Aggregate Investment on such
date, multiplied by (b)(i) the Concentration Reserve Percentage at such time, divided by (ii) 100% minus the Concentration Reserve Percentage at such time. 

Concentration Reserve Percentage means, at any time of determination, the largest of: (a) the sum of the four
(4) largest Obligor Percentages of the Group D Obligors, (b) the sum of the two (2) largest Obligor Percentages of the Group C Obligors, (c) the largest Obligor Percentage of the Group B Obligors and (d) the largest Obligor
Percentage of the Group A Obligors. 

Conduit Purchasers means each commercial paper conduit or other entity that is a
party to this Agreement, as a purchaser, or that becomes a party to this Agreement, as a purchaser pursuant to an Assumption Agreement. Any reference to the related Conduit Purchaser of any Committed Purchaser (or words to similar
effect) shall be deemed to be a reference to the Conduit Purchaser (if any) in such Committed Purchasers Purchaser Group. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to any SOFR Rate, Daily Resetting SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR or any Benchmark
Replacement in relation thereto, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Yield Period, timing and
frequency of determining rates and making payments of discount, timing of investment requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of termination fees, and other
technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrator decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any SOFR Rate, Daily Resetting SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR or such Benchmark Replacement and to permit
the administration thereof by the Administrator in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrator decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrator
determines that no market practice for the administration of any SOFR Rate, Daily Resetting SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR or the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrator decides is reasonably necessary in
connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents). 

I-5 

Contract means, with respect to any Receivable, any and all contracts,
instruments, agreements, leases, invoices, notes or other writings pursuant to which such Receivable arises or that evidence such Receivable or under which an Obligor becomes or is obligated to make payment in respect of such Receivable. 

Contra Amount means, at any time of determination and with respect to any Obligor, the Contra Proxy Amount;
provided, that on fifteen (15) Business Days notice to the Servicer, the Contra Amount with respect to any Obligor shall be the actual aggregate amounts of indebtedness and other obligations owed to such Obligor and its
Affiliates by any Originator or any of its Affiliates, including, without limitation, any such indebtedness or obligations arising in connection with the sale of goods or rendering of services by such Obligor or its Affiliates to any Originator or
any of its Affiliates. 

Contra Proxy Amount means, at any time of determination and with respect to any Obligor, an
amount equal to 0.9% of the Outstanding Balance of such Obligors Receivables. 

Covered Entity means (a) each
of WESCO, the Seller and the Originators and their respective Subsidiaries, and (b) each Person that, directly or indirectly, controls a Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person
means the direct or indirect (x) ownership of, or power to vote, 25% or more of the issued and outstanding equity interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions
for such Person, or (y) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of equity interests, contract or otherwise. 

CP Rate means, subject to clauses (b) and (c) below, for any Conduit Purchaser and for any Yield
Period for any Portion of Investment (a) the perannum rate equivalent to the weighted average cost (as determined by the applicable Purchaser Agent and which shall include commissions of placement agents and dealers, incremental
carrying costs incurred with respect to Notes of such Person maturing on dates other than those on which corresponding funds are received by such Conduit Purchaser, other borrowings by such Conduit Purchaser (other than under any Program Support
Agreement) and any other costs associated with the issuance of Notes) of or related to the issuance of Notes that are allocated, in whole or in part, by the applicable Purchaser Agent to fund or maintain such Portion of Investment (and which may be
also allocated in part to the funding of other assets of such Conduit Purchaser); provided, however, that if any component of such rate is a discount rate, in calculating the CP Rate for such Portion of Investment
for such Yield Period, the applicable Purchaser Agent shall for such component use the rate resulting from converting such discount rate to an interest bearing equivalent rate perannum; provided, further, that
notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Seller agrees that any amounts payable to the Purchasers in respect of Discount for any Yield Period with respect to any Portion of Investment funded
by such Purchaser at the CP Rate shall include an amount equal to the portion of the face amount of the outstanding Notes issued to fund or maintain such Portion of Investment that corresponds to the

I-6 

portion of the proceeds of such Notes that was used to pay the interest component of maturing Notes issued to fund or maintain such Portion of Investment, to the extent that such Purchaser had
not received payments of interest in respect of such interest component prior to the maturity date of such maturing Notes (for purposes of the foregoing, the interest component of Notes equals the excess of the face amount thereof over
the net proceeds received by such Purchaser from the issuance of Notes, except that if such Notes are issued on an interest-bearing basis its interest component will equal the amount of interest accruing on such Notes through maturity),
(b) if such Conduit Purchaser is Reliant Trust or Macro Trust, the Daily Resetting SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for each day during such Yield Period or (c) any other rate designated as the CP Rate for such Conduit Purchaser in a Purchaser Group Fee Letter, an Assumption Agreement or Transfer Supplement
pursuant to which such Person becomes a party as a Conduit Purchaser to this Agreement, or any other writing or agreement provided by such Conduit Purchaser to the Seller, the Servicer and the applicable Purchaser Agent from time to time. The
CP Rate for any day while a Termination Event or an Unmatured Termination Event exists shall be an interest rate equal to the greater of (x) 2.0% per annum above the Base Rate as in effect on such day and (y) the CP Rate
as determined above pursuant to this definition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the CP Rate as determined herein would be less than zero percent (0.00%), such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.00%) for purposes of this Agreement.

CP Rate Investment means, at any time, any Investment (or portion thereof) of any Conduit Purchaser, which
Investment (or portion thereof) is then being funded by such Conduit Purchaser through the issuance of Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent any Conduit Purchaser funds any Investment through its Liquidity Agreement or any other Program
Support Agreement, rather than through the issuance of Notes, such Investment shall not constitute CP Rate Investment. 

Credit
Agreement means that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among WESCO, certain Subsidiaries and Affiliates of WESCO, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the other Persons parties
thereto, without giving effect to any termination thereof, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, renewed, refinanced, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Credit and Collection Policy means, as the context may require, those receivables credit and collection policies and
practices of each Originator and of WESCO in effect on the date of this Agreement and described in Schedule I to this Agreement, as modified in compliance with this Agreement. 

Cut-off Date has the meaning set forth in the Sale Agreement. 

Daily Rate Investment means an Investment that accrues discount at a rate based on the (i) Base Rate,
(ii) [reserved] or (iii) Daily Resetting SOFR. 

Daily Rate Investment Option means the option of the Seller
to have Investments accrue discount at the rate and under the terms specified in Section 1.12(a)(i)(B). 

Daily
Report means a report, in substantially the form of Annex C to this Agreement, furnished to the Administrator pursuant to this Agreement. 

I-7 

Days Sales Outstanding means, for any calendar month, an amount
computed as of the last day of such calendar month equal to: (a) the average of the Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables as of the last day of each of the three most recent calendar months ended on the last day of such calendar month
divided by (b)(i) the aggregate credit sales made by the Originators during the three (3) calendar months ended on the last day of such calendar month divided by (ii) 90. 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being
established by the Administrator in accordance with the conventions for this rate recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided, that if the Administrator decides
that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrator, then the Administrator may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 

Daily Resetting SOFR means, for any day, the rate per annum determined by the Administrator by dividing (the resulting
quotient rounded upwards, at the Administrators discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (a) the SOFR Rate for a tenor of one-month on such day, or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day (such day, the
Daily Resetting SOFR Determination Day); provided that if the SOFR Rate for a tenor of one-month is not published on such Daily Resetting SOFR Determination Day, then the rate per annum for purposes of this clause
(a) shall be SOFR on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto, by (b) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentageso long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such determination
date. 

Daily Resetting SOFR Option means the option of the
Seller to have Investments accrue Discount at the rate and under the terms specified in Section 1.12(a)(i)(B)(2). 

Debt means: (a) indebtedness for borrowed money, (b) obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other
similar instruments, (c) obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (d) obligations as lessee under leases that shall have been
or should be, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, recorded as capital leases, and (e) obligations under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise
acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in respect of, indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (a) through (d). 

Default Ratio means the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1%
rounded upward) computed as of the last day of each calendar month by dividing: (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables that became Defaulted Receivables during such month, by (b) the aggregate credit sales made by
the Originators during the month that is six months prior to such month. 

Defaulted Receivable means a Receivable: 

(a) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 180 days from the original invoice date for such
payment, or 

I-8 

(b) without duplication (i) as to which an Event of Bankruptcy shall
have occurred with respect to the Obligor thereof or any other Person obligated thereon or owning any Related Security with respect thereto, (ii) that has been written off the Sellers books as uncollectible or (iii) that should have
been written off the Sellers books as uncollectible pursuant to the Credit and Collection Policy. 

Defaulting Purchaser means, subject to Section 1.9(b), any Purchaser that (a) has failed to
(i) fund all or any portion of its Investments within two (2) Business Days of the date such Investments were required to be funded hereunder unless such Purchaser notifies the Administrator and the Seller in writing that such failure is
the result of such Purchasers good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been
satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrator or any other Purchaser any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Seller or the Administrator in writing
that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Purchasers obligation to fund an Investment
hereunder and states that such position is based on such Purchasers good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such
writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrator or the Seller, to confirm in writing to the Administrator and the Seller that it will comply with
its prospective funding obligations hereunder (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of such certification), provided that such Purchaser shall cease to be a Defaulting Purchaser pursuant to this clause (c) upon
receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrator and the Seller, or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of an Insolvency Proceeding, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver,
custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or
federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action. Any determination by the Administrator that a Purchaser is a Defaulting Purchaser under any one or more of clauses (a) through
(d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Purchaser shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Purchaser (subject to Section 1.9(b)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Seller and each
Purchaser. 

Delinquency Ratio means the ratio (expressed
as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward), computed as of the last day of each calendar month by dividing: (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables that became Delinquent
Receivables during such month, by (b) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables on such day. 

Delinquent
Receivable means a Receivable (a) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 150 days from the original invoice date for such payment or (b) without duplication, which has been (or consistent with the
Credit and Collection Policy, would be) classified as a Delinquent Receivable by the applicable Originator. 

I-9 

Dilution Horizon Ratio means, for any calendar month, the ratio
(expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward) computed as of the last day of such calendar month of: (a) the aggregate credit sales made by the Originators during the two most recent
calendar months (or such greater number of days or months as determined by the Administrator from time to time with the consent or at the direction of the Purchaser Agents following any periodic audit conducted pursuant to the Transaction
Documents), to (b) the Adjusted Net Receivables Pool Balance at the last day of the most recent calendar month. 

Dilution
Ratio means the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward), computed as of the last day of each calendar month by dividing: (a) the aggregate amount of payments made
or owed by the Seller pursuant to Section 1.4(e)(i) of this Agreement during such calendar month by (b) the aggregate credit sales made by all the Originators during the calendar month that is one month prior to such calendar month.

Dilution Reserve means, on any date, an amount equal to: (a) the Aggregate Investments on such date
multipliedby (b) (i) the Dilution Reserve Percentage on such date, dividedby (ii) 100% minus the Dilution Reserve Percentage on such date. 

Dilution Reserve Percentage means, on any date, the product of (i) the sum of (A) 2.00 times the Adjusted
Dilution Ratio plus (B) the Dilution Volatility Component, multipliedby (ii) the Dilution Horizon Ratio. 

Dilution Volatility Component means, for any calendar month, the product of (a) the difference of (i) the highest
three-month rolling average Dilution Ratio during the twelve most recent calendar months (the Highest 3-Month Rolling Average Dilution Ratio) minus (ii) the Adjusted Dilution Ratio for such calendar month,
multipliedby (b) a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the Highest 3-Month Rolling Average Dilution Ratio during the twelve most recent calendar months and (ii) the denominator of which is the Adjusted Dilution Ratio
for such calendar month. 

Discount means for each Portion of Investment for any Yield Period (or portion thereof),
(a) with respect to any Portion of Investment other than CP Rate Investments, the amount of discount accrued on such Portion of Investment during such Yield Period (or portion thereof) in accordance with Section 1.12 and (b) if
such Portion of Investment is a CP Rate Investment, then the CP Rate. 

Discount Rate Option means any Term Rate
Investment Option or Daily Rate Investment Option. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or
investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause
(a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to
consolidated supervision with its parent. 

I-10 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union,
Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person
entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Eligible Foreign Obligor means an Obligor which is a resident of any country (other than the United States) that has a
long-term currency rating of at least A by Standard and Poors and A2 by Moodys. 

Eligible
Receivable means, at any time, a Pool Receivable: 

(a) the Obligor of which is (i) a United States resident
or an Eligible Foreign Obligor, (ii) not subject to any action of the type described in paragraph (f) of Exhibit V to this Agreement, (iii) not an Affiliate of WESCO or any Originator and (iv) not a Sanctioned
Person, 

(b) that is denominated and payable only in U.S. dollars in the United States and the Obligor with respect to which has been instructed to remit Collections in respect thereof to a Lock-Box Account, 

(c) that does not have a stated maturity which is more
than 150 days after the original invoice date of such Receivable, unless a longer stated maturity is approved by and in the sole discretion of the Administrator and all of the Purchasers in writing, prior to the acquisition of such Receivable (or
any interest therein), 

(d) that arises under a duly authorized Contract for the sale and delivery of goods and services in
the ordinary course of an Originators business, 

(e) that arises under a duly authorized Contract that is in full
force and effect and that is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor, enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, 

(f) that conforms in all material respects with all Applicable Laws in effect, 

(g) that is not the subject of any asserted dispute, offset, hold back defense, Adverse Claim or other claim, 

(h) that satisfies all applicable requirements of the applicable Credit and Collection Policy, 

(i) that has not been modified, waived or restructured since its creation, except as permitted pursuant to
Section 4.2 of this Agreement, 

I-11 

(j) in which the Seller owns good and marketable title, free and clear of
any Adverse Claims, and that is freely assignable by the Seller (including without any consent of the related Obligor),
except to the extent any such requirement would be rendered ineffective under Article 9 of any applicable UCC or Applicable Law,

(k) for which the Administrator (for the benefit of each Purchaser) shall have a valid and enforceable undivided percentage
ownership or security interest, to the extent of the Purchased Interest, and a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest therein and in the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, in each case free and clear of
any Adverse Claim, 

(l) that constitutes an account as defined in the UCC, and that is not evidenced by instruments or
chattel paper, 

(m) that is not a Defaulted Receivable or a Delinquent Receivable, 

(n) for which none the Originator thereof, the Seller and the Servicer has established any offset arrangements with the related
Obligor, 

(o) for which Defaulted Receivables of the related Obligor do not exceed 50% of the Outstanding Balance of all
such Obligors Receivables, 

(p) that represents amounts earned and payable by the Obligor that are not subject to the
performance of additional services by the Originator thereof or the Seller, 

(q) which (i) does not relate to the sale
of any consigned goods or finished goods which have incorporated any consigned goods into such finished goods and (ii) is not owed to any Originator or the Seller as a bailee or consignee for another Person, 

(r) which is not a Receivable attributable to a business acquired by such Originator after the Closing Date unless and until
such time, if any, that the Administrator gives written notice to the Servicer that such Receivables shall no longer be ineligible pursuant to this clause (r), such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, 

(s) which is not an Ineligible Subject Originator Receivable, 

(t) which on and after the one hundred
twentieth (120th) day after the Closing Date, is not a Receivable the Originator of which is Anixter Inc. unless the Seller or Servicer shall have delivered an amendment to (or termination
of) the Subject Anixter UCC in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrator;[Reserved],

(u) is not Blocked Property;
and,

(v) which is not a Receivable, the Obligor of
which is Fameccanica North America, Inc. or any Subsidiary thereof, unless the Administrator receives of evidence of the termination of the Fameccania Financing Statement.

(v)
[Reserved]; and

I-12 

(w)
the Originator of which is not a Ninth Amendment Date Originator, unless and until such time, if any, that the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent has received (i) such information and reports with respect to Receivables originated by the
Ninth Amendment Date Originator, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, as the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent has reasonably requested from the Seller or the Servicer and (ii) either
(1) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator that Seller (or Servicer on its behalf) has instructed all Obligors of Receivables originated by the Ninth Amendment Date Originator to deliver payments on such Receivables to an
existing Lock-Box Account (other than an Exception Account) or (2) a duly executed Lock-Box Agreement (or amendment thereto) reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator relating to each account to which Seller (or Servicer on its behalf) has
instructed Obligors of Receivables originated by the Ninth Amendment Date Originator to make payments (which account shall be owned by the Seller) along with a corresponding update to the Lock-Box Schedule Letter Agreement (satisfaction of the
foregoing conditions in this clause, the Post-Joinder Cash Management Conditions).

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute of
similar import, together with the regulations thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time. References to sections of ERISA also refer to any successor sections. 

ERISA Affiliate means: (a) any corporation that is a member of the same controlled group of corporations (within
the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Internal Revenue Code) as the Seller, any Originator or WESCO, (b) a trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control (within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Internal
Revenue Code) with the Seller, any Originator or WESCO, or (c) a member of the same affiliated service group (within the meaning of Section 414(m) of the Internal Revenue Code) as the Seller, any Originator, any corporation described in
clause (a) or any trade or business described in clause (b). 

Erroneous Payment has the meaning
assigned to it in Section 4.8(a). 

Erroneous Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to it in
Section 4.8(a). 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the
Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

EU Securitisation Regulation means
Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 laying down a general framework for securitisation and creating a specific framework for simple, transparent and standardized securitisation, and
amending certain other European Union Directives and Regulations, as amended. 

I-13 

EU Securitisation Regulation Rules means the EU Securitisation
Regulation, together with all relevant implementing regulations in relation thereto, all regulatory technical standards and implementing technical standards in relation thereto or applicable in relation thereto pursuant to any transitional
arrangements made pursuant to the EU Securitisation Regulation and, in each case, any relevant guidance published in relation thereto by the European Banking Authority, the European Securities and Markets Authority and the European Insurance and
Occupational Pensions Authority (or in each case, any predecessor or any other applicable regulatory authority) or by the European Commission, in each case, as amended and in effect from time to time. 

EU/UK Risk Retention Letter means the EU/UK risk retention letter, dated as of June 1, 2021, between WESCO, the
Seller, the Originators and the Administrator, as the same may be amended or modified in accordance with its terms and the terms hereof. 

EUWA means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended. 

Event of Bankruptcy means (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other governmental authority relating
to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors of a Person or any composition, marshalling of assets for creditors of
a Person, or other similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors; in each of cases (a) and (b) undertaken under U.S. Federal, state or foreign law, including the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.

Exception Account means each account identified as such in the Lock-Box Schedule Letter Agreement; provided,
however, that no Exception Account may be added to the Lock-Box Schedule Letter Agreement without the prior written consent of the Administrator in its sole discretion; provided, further, that such account shall
cease to be an Exception Account upon the satisfaction of the following conditions: (x) such account is maintained in the name of the Seller and (y) the Seller, the Servicer, the Administrator and the related Lock-Box Bank have entered
into a Lock-Box Agreement with respect to such account, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator. 

Exception Account Conditions means
(a) [reserved], (b) [reserved] and (c) with respect to each other Exception Account, (i) the amount of Collections received in (A) such Exception Account during each
calendar month does not exceed $10,000,000 (or such other amounts agreed to in writing by the Administrator, provided, however that such higher amount shall not exceed $20,000,000 unless agreed to in writing by the Majority Purchasers)
and (B) all such Exception Accounts under this clause
(c), in the aggregate, during each calendar month does not exceed $15,000,000 (or such
other amounts agreed to in writing by the Administrator, provided, however that such higher amount shall not exceed $30,000,000 unless agreed to in writing by the Majority Purchasers), (ii) no Termination Event has occurred and is
continuing and (iii) all Collections received in such Exception Account are being automatically transferred directly to a Lock-Box Account (other than an Exception Account) no later than two (2) Business Day following receipt thereof.

Excess Concentration means, without duplication, the sum of the following amounts: 

(i) the amount by which the Outstanding Balance of Eligible Receivables of each Obligor then in the Receivables Pool exceeds an
amount equal to: (a) the applicable Concentration Percentage for such Obligor multiplied by (b) the Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; 

I-14 

(ii) the amount by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible
Receivables then in the Receivables Pool, the Obligor of which is an Eligible Foreign Obligor, exceeds 3.00% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; 

(iii) the amount by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool, the
Obligor of which is a government or governmental subdivision, affiliate or agency, exceeds 5.00% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool; 

(iv) [Reserved]; 

(v) the amount by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool which are
aged greater than 90 days from the original invoice date for such payment and without duplication less than 121 days from the original invoice date for such payment, exceeds 7.50% of the aggregate credit sales made by the Originators in the month
that is three months prior to the current month; and 

(vi) the amount by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all
Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool which are aged greater than 120 days from the original invoice date for such payment and without duplication less than 151 days from the original invoice date for such payment, exceeds 5.00% of the
aggregate credit sales made by the Originators in the month that is four months prior to the current month. 

Excluded
Receivable has the meaning set forth in Schedule X of this Agreement. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following taxes imposed on or with respect to an Affected Person or required to
be withheld or deducted from a payment to an Affected Person: (a) taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise taxes and branch profits taxes, (b) in the case of a Purchaser, any U.S. federal withholding
taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Purchaser pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Purchaser funds a Purchase or (ii) such Purchaser changes its lending office, except in each case to the
extent that amounts with respect to such taxes were payable either to such Purchasers assignor immediately before such Purchaser became a party hereto or to such Purchaser immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) taxes
attributable to such Affected Persons failure to deliver an IRS Form W-9 or applicable IRS Form W-8 (together with applicable attachments) or any other tax documentation reasonably requested by the Seller, provided that an Affected Person
shall not be required to provide any other tax documentation if in such Affected Persons reasonable judgement, such completion, execution or submission would subject such Affected Person to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would
materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Affected Person, and (d) any taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA.

Exiting Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4(b)(ii) of this Agreement. 

Exiting Purchaser has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4(b)(ii) of this Agreement. 

I-15 

Fameccania Financing Statement means that certain UCC-1
Financing Statement with the filing number 2021 3929933, filed with the Delaware Department of State on May 20, 2021, naming WESCO DISTRIBUTION INC., as the debtor and DEUTSCHE BANKE AG, ACTING BY AND THROGH ITS NEW YORK
BRANCH, as the secured party.

Facility Termination
Date means the earliest to occur of: (a) with respect to any Purchaser, the applicable Scheduled Commitment Termination Date with respect to such Purchaser, subject to any extension thereof pursuant to Section 1.10 of this
Agreement (it being understood that if any such Purchaser does not extend its Commitment hereunder then the Purchase Limit shall be reduced ratably with respect to the Purchasers in each Purchaser Group by an amount equal to the Commitment of such
non-extending Purchaser and the Commitment Percentages and Group Commitments of the Purchasers within each Purchaser Group shall be appropriately adjusted), (b) the date determined pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Agreement,
(c) the date the Purchase Limit reduces to zero pursuant to Section 1.1(b) or Section 1.1(c) of this Agreement and (d) with respect to each Purchaser Group, the date that the commitment, of all of the Committed
Purchasers of such Purchaser Group terminate pursuant to Section 1.10. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any
amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of
the Internal Revenue Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation or rules adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of the
foregoing.

Federal Reserve Board means the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or any entity succeeding to any of its principal functions. 

Fees means the
fees payable by the Seller to each Purchaser Group pursuant to the applicable Purchaser Group Fee Letter. 

Fifth Third
means Fifth Third Bank, National Association. 

Final Payout Date means the date on or after the Facility Termination
Date when (i) no Investment of or Discount in respect of the Purchased Interest shall be outstanding, (ii) all other amounts owing to each Indemnified Party and Affected Person hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents have been
paid in full and (iii) all accrued Servicing Fees have been paid in full. 

Floor means a rate of interest equal to
0.00%. 

GAAP means the generally accepted accounting principles and practices in the United States, consistently
applied. 

I-16 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of
America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing,
regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or
regulatory capital rules or standards (including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 

Group A Obligor means any Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is not rated) with a
short-term rating of at least: (a) A-1 by Standard & Poors, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from S&P, a rating of A+ or better by Standard & Poors on such
Obligors, its parents, or its majority owners (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and (b) P 1 by Moodys, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term
rating from Moodys, Al or better by Moodys on such Obligors, its parents or its majority owners (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, any Obligor that is a Subsidiary of an Obligor that satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor shall be deemed to be a Group A Obligor and shall be aggregated with the Obligor that satisfies such definition for the purposes
of determining the Concentration Reserve Percentage, the Concentration Reserve and clause (i) of the definition of Excess Concentration for such Obligors, unless such deemed Obligor separately
satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor, or Group C Obligor, in which case such Obligor shall be separately treated as a Group A Obligor, a Group B Obligor or a Group C Obligor, as the case
may be, and shall be aggregated and combined for such purposes with any of its Subsidiaries that are Obligors. 

Group B
Obligor means an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is not rated) that is not a Group A Obligor, with a short-term rating of at least: (a) A 2 by Standard & Poors, or if
such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Standard & Poors, a rating of BBB+ to A by Standard & Poors on such Obligors, its parents or its majority owners (as
applicable) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and (b) P 2 by Moodys, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moodys, Baal to A2 by
Moodys on such Obligors, its parents or its majority owners (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Obligor that is a Subsidiary of an Obligor that
satisfies the definition of Group B Obligor shall be deemed to be a Group B Obligor and shall be aggregated with the Obligor that satisfies such definition for the purposes of determining the Concentration Reserve Percentage,
the Concentration Reserve and clause (i) of the definition of Excess Concentration for such Obligors, unless such deemed Obligor separately satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor, Group B
Obligor, or Group C Obligor, in which case such Obligor shall be separately treated as a Group A Obligor, a Group B Obligor or a Group C Obligor, as the case may be, and shall be aggregated and combined for such purposes with any
of its Subsidiaries that are Obligors. 

Group C Obligor means an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as
applicable, if such Obligor is not rated) that is not a Group A Obligor or a Group B Obligor, with a short-term rating of at least: (a) A 3 by Standard & Poors, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating
from Standard & Poors, a rating of BBB- to BBB by Standard & Poors on such Obligors, its parents or its majority owners (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and
uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and (b) P 3 by Moodys, or if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moodys, Baa3 to Baa2 by Moodys on such Obligors, its
parents or 

I-17 

its majority owners (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities; provided, that if an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if
such Obligor is not rated) receives a split rating from Standard & Poors and Moodys, then such Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable) shall be deemed to have the rating from each of Standard &
Poors and Moodys as determined in accordance with the rules of construction found in the final paragraph of this Article I, and such deemed rating shall be used for the purposes of whether such rating satisfies clauses
(a) and (b) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Obligor that is a Subsidiary of an Obligor that satisfies the definition of Group C Obligor shall be deemed to be a Group C Obligor and shall be aggregated with
the Obligor that satisfies such definition for the purposes of determining the Concentration Reserve Percentage, the Concentration Reserve and clause (i) of the definition of Excess Concentration for
such Obligors, unless such deemed Obligor separately satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor, or Group C Obligor, in which case such Obligor shall be separately treated as a Group A Obligor, a
Group B Obligor or a Group C Obligor, as the case may be, and shall be aggregated and combined for such purposes with any of its Subsidiaries that are Obligors. 

Group Commitment means with respect to any Purchaser Group the aggregate of the Commitments of each Purchaser within such
Purchaser Group. 

Group D Obligor means any Obligor that is not a Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor or Group C Obligor;
provided, that any Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is unrated) that is not rated by both Moodys and Standard & Poors shall be a Group D Obligor. 

Group Investment means with respect to any Purchaser Group, an amount equal to the aggregate of all Investments of the
Purchasers within such Purchaser Group. 

Holdings means WESCO International, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 of this Agreement. 

Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 of this Agreement. 

Independent Director has the meaning set forth in paragraph 3(c) of Exhibit IV to this Agreement. 

Ineligible Subject Originator Receivables means Receivables of a Subject Originator designated as ineligible. 

Information Package means a report, in substantially the form of Annex A to this Agreement, furnished to the
Administrator pursuant to this Agreement. 

Insolvency Proceeding means: (a) any case, action or proceeding before
any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition,
marshaling of assets for creditors, or other, similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors, in each case undertaken under U.S. Federal, state or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code.

I-18 

Intended Tax
Treatment has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4 of this Agreement.

Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, by and among the
Administrator, as receivables agent, Barclays Bank PLC, as ABL lenders agent, WESCO, the Seller, and the other Persons party thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute of
similar import, together with the regulations thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time. References to sections of the Internal Revenue Code also refer to any successor sections. 

International Trade Laws means all Laws relating to economic and financial sanctions, trade embargoes, export controls,
customs and anti-boycott measures. 

Investment means with respect to any Purchaser the amount paid to the Seller by
such Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement as reduced from time to time by Collections distributed and applied on account of such Investment pursuant to Section 1.4(d) of this Agreement; provided, that if such Investment shall have
been reduced by any distribution and thereafter all or a portion of such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason, such Investment shall be increased by the amount of such rescinded or returned distribution as though it
had not been made. 

Joinder Conditions means (i) such proposed additional Subject Originator shall have delivered
to the Administrator each of the documents with respect to such Originator described in Section 4.1 of the Sale Agreement, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator (it being agreed that the forms
previously delivered to the Administrator are satisfactory), (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables of such Subject Originator plus the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables of each other Subject Originator joined
to the Sale Agreement pursuant to an amendment not consented to by the Majority Purchasers during such calendar year do not exceed 15.0% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables then in the Receivables Pool, (iii) no Purchase and
Sale Termination Event or Unmatured Purchase and Sale Termination Event shall have occurred and be continuing and (iv) no Termination Event or an Unmatured Termination Event shall have occurred and be continuing. 

Law means any law(s) (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, opinion, issued
guidance, release, ruling, order, executive order, injunction, writ, decree, bond, judgment, authorization or approval, lien or award of or any settlement arrangement, by agreement, consent or otherwise, with any Governmental Authority, foreign or
domestic. 

LCR Security means any commercial paper or security (other than equity securities issued to WESCO or any
Originator that is a consolidated subsidiary of WESCO under GAAP) within the meaning of Paragraph __.32(e)(viii) of the final rules titled Liquidity Coverage Ratio: Liquidity Risk Measurement Standards, 79 Fed. Reg. 197, 61440 et seq. (October 10,
2014).

Liberty Street means Liberty Street Funding LLC. 

I-19 

Liquidity Agent means each of the banks acting or other Persons as agent
for the various Liquidity Banks under each Liquidity Agreement. 

Liquidity Agreement means any agreement entered into
in connection with this Agreement pursuant to which a Liquidity Provider agrees to make purchases or advances to, or purchase assets from, any Conduit Purchaser in order to provide liquidity for such Conduit Purchasers Purchases. 

Liquidity Provider means each bank or other financial institution that provides liquidity support to any Conduit Purchaser
pursuant to the terms of a Liquidity Agreement. 

Lock-Box Account means an account maintained in the name of the Seller
(or solely with respect to any Exception Account, in the name of the Seller or an Originator) at a bank or other financial institution for the purpose of receiving Collections. 

Lock-Box Agreement means an agreement among the Seller, the Servicer, a Lock-Box Bank and the Administrator, for the
benefit of the Purchasers, establishing control (as defined in Section 9-104 of the applicable UCC) of the Administrator in the Lock-Box Account(s) referenced therein. 

Lock-Box Bank means any of the banks or other financial institutions holding one or more Lock-Box Accounts. 

Lock-Box Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3 of this Agreement. 

Lock-Box Schedule Letter Agreement means that certain letter agreement, dated as of December 16, 2010 and as amended,
restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or replaced from time to time, among the Seller, the Servicer, the Administrator and each of the Purchasers and Purchaser Agents party thereto, as amended. 

Loss Reserve means, on any date, an amount equal to (i) the aggregate of the Investment of all Purchasers set forth in
the definition thereof at the close of business of the Servicer on such date multiplied by (ii)(A) the Loss Reserve Percentage on such date divided by (B) 100% minus the Loss Reserve Percentage on such date. 

Loss Reserve Percentage means, on any date, (i) the product of (A) 2.00 times the highest average of the Default
Ratios for any three consecutive calendar months during the twelve most recent calendar months multiplied by (B) the sum of (x) the aggregate credit sales made by the Originators during the four most recent calendar months and (y) the
product of 0.125 and the aggregate credit sales made by the Originators during the fifth most recent calendar month, divided by (ii) the Adjusted Net Receivables Pool Balance as of such date. 

Majority Purchasers means, at any time, Purchasers
(other than Defaulting Purchasers) whose Commitments aggregate
more than 66.67% of the aggregate of the Commitments of all Purchasers (other than Defaulting
Purchasers); provided, however, that so long as any Purchasers Commitment is greater than 66.67% of the aggregate Commitments (other than Defaulting Purchasers Commitments), then
Majority Purchasers shall mean a minimum of two Purchasers whose Commitments aggregate more than 66.67% of the aggregate
Commitments (other than Defaulting Purchasers Commitments). 

I-20 

Material Adverse Effect means, relative to any Person
(provided that if no particular Person is specified, Material Adverse Effect shall be deemed to be
relative to both (i) Holdings and its Subsidiaries (other than the Seller), taken as a whole, and (ii) the Seller, individually) with respect to any event or circumstance, a material
adverse effect on any of the following: 

(a) the assets, operations, business or financial condition of such Person, 

(b) the ability of any of such Person to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to
which it is a party, 

(c) the validity or enforceability of any other Transaction Document, or the validity, enforceability
or collectibility of a material portion of the Pool Receivables, or 

(d) the status, perfection, enforceability or priority
of any Purchasers or the Sellers interest in the Pool Assets. 

Maximum Incremental Purchase means, on any
date, the additional incremental increase in the Aggregate Investment that would cause the Aggregate Investment plus the Total Reserves to equal the Net Receivables Pool Balance. 

Minimum Dilution Reserve means, on any date, an amount equal to: (a) the Aggregate Investment on such date,
multipliedby (b) (i) the Minimum Dilution Reserve Percentage on such date, dividedby (ii) 100% minus the Minimum Dilution Reserve Percentage on such date. 

Minimum Dilution Reserve Percentage means, on any date, the product of (i) Adjusted Dilution Ratio, multipliedby (ii) the Dilution Horizon Ratio. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

Net Receivables Pool Balance means, at any time: (a) the Outstanding Balance of Eligible Receivables then in the
Receivables Pool minus (b) the Excess Concentration. 

New Originators means each of (i) ANIXTER INC., a
Delaware corporation, (ii) ACCU-TECH CORPORATION, a Georgia corporation, and (iii) ANIXTER POWER SOLUTIONS INC., a Michigan corporation. 

Ninth
Amendment Date means February 28, 2025.

Ninth Amendment Date Originator means Ascent, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company.

Normal Concentration Percentage means, (i) for any Group A Obligor,
12.0%, (ii) for any Group B Obligor, 9.0%, (iii) for any Group C Obligor, 6.0% and (iv) for any Group D Obligor, 3.0% 

I-21 

Notes means short-term promissory notes issued, or to be issued, by each
Conduit Purchaser (or, if applicable, issued by the funding source pursuant to which such Conduit Purchaser finances its Investment hereunder) to fund its investments in accounts receivable or other financial assets. 

Obligor means, with respect to any Receivable, the Person obligated to make payments pursuant to the Contract relating to
such Receivable. 

Obligor Percentage means, at any time of determination, for each Obligor, a fraction, expressed as a
percentage, (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Eligible Receivables of such Obligor and its Affiliates less the amount (if any) then included in the calculation of the Excess Concentration with respect to
such Obligor and its Affiliates and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such time. 

OFAC means the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

Original Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preliminary statements of this Agreement. 

Originator has the meaning set forth in the Sale Agreement. 

Originator Assignment Certificate means each assignment, in substantially the form of Exhibit C to the Sale
Agreement, evidencing Sellers ownership of the Receivables generated by Originator, as the same may be amended, supplemented, amended and restated, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Sale Agreement. 

Outstanding Balance of any Receivable at any time means the then outstanding principal balance thereof. 

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight
eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (NYFRB), as set forth on its public website from time to time,
and as published on the next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by the NYFRB (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by the Administrator for the purpose of displaying such rate);
provided, that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day; provided, further, that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason,
no longer exist, a comparable replacement rate determined by the Administrator at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as above would be less than 0.00%, then such
rate shall be deemed to be 0.00%. The rate of interest charged shall be adjusted as of each Business Day based on changes in the Overnight Bank Funding Rate without notice to the Seller. 

Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of the Sale Agreement. 

I-22 

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a
business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. 

PNC means PNC Bank, National Association. 

Pool Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2(d) of this Agreement. 

Pool Receivable means a Receivable in the Receivables Pool. 

Portion of Investment means specified portions of Investments outstanding as follows: (a) any Investments to which a
SOFR Rate Option applies under the same Purchase Notice by the Seller and which have the same Yield Period shall constitute one Portion of Investment, (b) all CP Rate Investments shall constitute one Portion of Investment, (c) all
Investments to which a Daily Resetting SOFR Option applies shall constitute one Portion of Investment and (d) all Investments to which a Base Rate Option applies shall constitute one Portion of Investment. 

Program Support Agreement means and includes any Liquidity Agreement and any other agreement entered into by any Program
Support Provider providing for: (a) the issuance of one or more letters of credit for the account of any Conduit Purchaser, (b) the issuance of one or more surety bonds for which the such Conduit Purchaser is obligated to reimburse the
applicable Program Support Provider for any drawings thereunder, (c) the sale by such Conduit Purchaser to any Program Support Provider of the Purchased Interest (or portions thereof) maintained by such Conduit Purchaser and/or (d) the
making of loans and/or other extensions of credit to any Conduit Purchaser in connection with such Conduit Purchasers securitization program contemplated in this Agreement, together with any letter of credit, surety bond or other instrument
issued thereunder (but excluding any discretionary advance facility provided by the Administrator). 

Program Support
Provider means and includes with respect to each Conduit Purchaser any Liquidity Provider and any other Person (other than any customer of such Conduit Purchaser) now or hereafter extending credit or having a commitment to extend credit to
or for the account of, or to make purchases from, such Conduit Purchaser pursuant to any Program Support Agreement. 

Purchase is defined in Section 1.1(a). 

Purchase and Sale Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 of the Sale Agreement. 

Purchase and Sale Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 of the Sale Agreement. 

Purchase and Sale Termination Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4 of the Sale Agreement. 

Purchase and Sale Termination Event has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1 of the Sale Agreement. 

I-23 

Purchase Date means the date of which a Purchase or a reinvestment is
made pursuant to this Agreement. 

Purchase Facility has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1 of the Sale
Agreement. 

Purchase Limit means, at any time, the aggregate of all Group Commitments (which, on the Ninth Amendment Date, shall be $1,550,000,000), as such amount may be
reduced pursuant to Section 1.1(b) of this Agreement or increased pursuant to Section 1.11 of this Agreement. References to the unused portion of the Purchase Limit shall mean, at any time, the Purchase Limit minus the then
outstanding Aggregate Investment. 

Purchase Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of the
Sale Agreement. 

Purchase Report has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of the Sale Agreement. 

Purchased Interest means, at any time, the undivided percentage ownership interest in: (a) each and every Pool
Receivable now existing or hereafter arising, (b) all Related Security with respect to such Pool Receivables and (c) all Collections with respect to, and other proceeds of, such Pool Receivables and Related Security. Such undivided
percentage interest shall be computed as: 

Aggregate Investment + Total Reserves 

Net Receivables Pool Balance 

The
Purchased Interest shall be determined from time to time pursuant to Section 1.3 of this Agreement. 

Purchaser means each Conduit Purchaser and/or each Committed Purchaser, as applicable. 

Purchaser Agent means each Person acting as agent on behalf of a Purchaser Group and designated as a Purchaser Agent for
such Purchaser Group on the signature pages to this Agreement or any other Person who becomes a party to this Agreement as a Purchaser Agent pursuant to an Assumption Agreement or a Transfer Supplement. 

Purchaser Group means, (i) for each Conduit Purchaser, such Conduit Purchaser, its Committed Purchasers (if any) and
its related Purchaser Agent and (ii) for any Purchaser that does not have a related Conduit Purchaser, such Purchaser and its related Purchaser Agent. 

Purchaser Group Fee Letter has the meaning set forth in Section 1.5 of this Agreement. 

Purchaser Party means each Purchaser and the Administrator. 

Ratable Share means, for each Purchaser Group, such Purchaser Groups aggregate Commitments divided by the aggregate
Commitments of all Purchaser Groups. 

I-24 

Receivable means any indebtedness and other obligations (other than
Excluded Receivables) owed to the Seller or any Originator by, or any right of the Seller or any Originator to payment from or on behalf of, an Obligor, whether constituting an account, chattel paper, instrument or general intangible, arising in
connection with the sale of goods or the rendering of services by an Originator (whether or not earned by performance), and includes the obligation to pay any finance charges, fees and other charges with respect thereto. Indebtedness and other
obligations arising from any one transaction, including indebtedness and other obligations represented by an individual invoice or agreement, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of the indebtedness and other
obligations arising from any other transaction. 

Receivables Pool means, at any time, all of the then outstanding
Receivables purchased by the Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement prior to the Facility Termination Date. 

Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(f) of this Agreement. 

Related Rights has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.1 of the Sale Agreement. 

Related Security means, with respect to any Receivable: 

(a) all of the Sellers and the Originator thereofs interest in any goods (including returned goods), and
documentation of title evidencing the shipment or storage of any goods (including returned goods), relating to any sale giving rise to such Receivable, 

(b) all instruments and chattel paper that may evidence such Receivable, 

(c) all other security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time purporting to secure payment of such
Receivable, whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, together with all UCC financing statements or similar filings relating thereto, and 

(d) all of the Sellers and the Originator thereofs rights, interests and claims under the Contracts and all
guaranties, indemnities, insurance and other agreements (including the related Contract) or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such Receivable or otherwise relating to such Receivable, whether
pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution
Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Sale Agreement means the Second
Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Seller, the Originators and the Servicer as amended through the date of this Agreement and as such agreement may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Sanctioned Jurisdiction means, at any time, a country or territory which is
itself the subject of comprehensive Sanctions. 

I-25 

Sanctioned Person means (a) a Person that is the subject of
sanctions administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State (State), including by virtue of being (i) named on OFACs list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons; (ii) organized under the Laws
of, ordinarily resident in, or physically located in a Sanctioned Jurisdiction; (iii) owned or controlled 50% or more in the aggregate, by one or more Persons that are the subject of sanctions administered by OFAC; (b) a Person that is the
subject of sanctions maintained by the European Union (E.U.), including by virtue of being named on the E.U.s Consolidated list of persons, groups and entities subject to E.U. financial sanctions or other, similar
lists; (c) a Person that is the subject of sanctions maintained by the United Kingdom (U.K.), including by virtue of being named on the Consolidated List Of Financial Sanctions Targets in the U.K. or other, similar
lists; or (d) a Person that is the subject of sanctions imposed by any Governmental Authority of a jurisdiction whose Laws apply to this Agreement. Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed,
administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, (b) the United Nations Security
Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or (c) the Government of Canada. 

Scheduled Commitment Termination Date means with respect to any Committed Purchaser, the date set forth as such below its
name on Schedule VII to this Agreement or in any Assumption Agreement or other document pursuant to which such Purchaser became a party hereto. 

Scotia means The Bank of Nova Scotia. 

Seller has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Sellers Share of any amount means the greater of: (a) $0 and (b) such amount minus the product of
(i) such amount multiplied by (ii) the Purchased Interest. 

Servicer has the meaning set forth in the
preamble to this Agreement. 

Servicing Fee shall mean the fee referred to in Section 4.6 of this Agreement.

Servicing Fee Rate means, at any time, 1.0%. 

Settlement Date means the 22nd day of each calendar month (or, if such
day is not a Business Day, the next occurring Business Day); provided, however, if pursuant to Section 2(i)(iii) of Exhibit IV, the Servicer is required to provide Information Packages on a more frequent than monthly
basis, then the Settlement Date, solely for purposes of amounts distributable in respect of principal pursuant to Section 1.4 in the event the Purchased Interest exceeds 100% at such time, shall (in addition to the monthly
Settlement Date described above, in the case of all other distributions) be the Wednesday of each calendar week (or if such day is not a Business Day, the next occurring Business Day); providedfurther, however, that,
notwithstanding anything else in this definition to the contrary, on and after the occurrence and continuation of any Termination Event, the Settlement Date shall be the date selected as such by the Administrator (with the consent or at the
direction of the Majority Purchasers) from time to time (it being understood that the Administrator (with the consent or at the direction of the Majority Purchasers) may select such Settlement Date to occur as frequently as daily) or, in the
absence of any such selection, the date which would be the Settlement Date pursuant to this definition. 

I-26 

Simple Majority means, at any time, Purchasers (other than Defaulting Purchasers) whose Commitments aggregate more than
50% of the aggregate of the Commitments of all Purchasers (other than Defaulting Purchasers). 

SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate
for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website). The SOFR shall be adjusted with respect to any Investment to which
the SOFR Rate Option applies that is outstanding on the effective date of any change in the SOFR Reserve Percentage as of such effective date and the Administrator shall give prompt notice to the Seller of the SOFR Rate Investments as determined or
adjusted in accordance herewith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

SOFR Adjustment means 0.10%.

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a
successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website means the website
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org (or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR Rate means, with respect to Investments comprising any Portion of Investment to which Term SOFR applies for any Yield
Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrator by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Administrators discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (a) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such
Yield Period and having a term comparable to such Yield Period; provided that if the rate is not published on such determination date, then the rate per annum for purposes of this clause (a) shall be SOFR on the first Business Day
immediately prior thereto, by (b) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentageso long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such determination
date. 

SOFR Rate Investment means an Investment that
accrues discount based on the SOFR Rate. 

SOFR Rate Option means the option of the Seller to have Investments accrue
discount at the rate and under the terms specified in Section 1.12(a)(i)(A)(1). 

SOFR Reserve Percentage shall mean, as of any day, the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day, if any, as prescribed by the Federal Reserve Board (or any successor) for
determining the reserve requirements (including, without limitation, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to SOFR funding.

Solvent means, with respect to any Person at any time, a condition under which: 

(i) the fair value and present fair saleable value of such Persons total assets is, on the date of determination, greater
than such Persons total liabilities (including contingent and unliquidated liabilities) at such time; 

I-27 

(ii) the fair value and present fair saleable value of such Persons
assets is greater than the amount that will be required to pay such Persons probable liability on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured (debts, for this purpose, includes all legal liabilities, whether
matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, absolute, fixed, or contingent); 

(iii) such Person is and shall continue
to be able to pay all of its liabilities as such liabilities mature; and 

(iv) such Person does not have unreasonably small
capital with which to engage in its current and in its anticipated business. 

For purposes of this definition: 

(A) the amount of a Persons contingent or unliquidated liabilities at any time shall be that amount which, in light of
all the facts and circumstances then existing, represents the amount which can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability; 

(B) the fair value of an asset shall be the amount which may be realized within a reasonable time either through
collection or sale of such asset at its regular market value; 

(C) the regular market value of an asset shall
be the amount which a capable and diligent business person could obtain for such asset from an interested buyer who is willing to Purchase such asset under ordinary selling conditions; and 

(D) the present fair saleable value of an asset means the amount which can be obtained if such asset is sold with
reasonable promptness in an arms-length transaction in an existing and not theoretical market. 

Specifically Reserved
Amount means, at any time, the aggregate amount then recorded on the books and records of the Originators as the sum of (i) the aggregate accrued rebate payments owing to Obligors related to the purchase volumes by such Obligors with
respect to the Pool Receivables and (ii) deferred revenue reserves with respect to the Pool Receivables. 

Standard & Poors means Standard & Poors, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 

Subject Anixter UCC has the meaning set forth in
Schedule Vof this Agreement.

Subject Originator means any Subsidiary (organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof) of Holdings
for which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables of such Subsidiary of Holdings do not exceed 5.0% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance off all Receivables then in the Receivables Pool. 

Subject UCC has the meaning set forth in Section 1(u) of Exhibit III to this Agreement.

I-28 

Subsidiary means, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other entity of which shares of stock of each class or other interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or other interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of
the Board of Directors or other managers of such entity are at the time owned, or management of which is otherwise controlled: (a) by such Person, (b) by one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or (c) by such Person and one or more
Subsidiaries of such Person. 

Tangible Net Worth means, with respect to any Person, the tangible net worth of such
Person as determined in accordance with GAAP. 

TD means The Toronto-Dominion Bank. 

Term Rate Investment means an Investment that accrues discount at a rate based on the SOFR Rate. 

Term Rate Investment Option means the option of the Seller to have Investments accrue discount at the rate and under the
terms specified in Section 1.12(a)(i)(A). 

Term SOFR means, for the applicable corresponding tenor, the
forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 

Termination
Day means: (a) each day on which the conditions set forth in Section 2 of Exhibit II to this Agreement are not satisfied or (b) each day that occurs on or after the Facility Termination Date. 

Termination Event has the meaning specified in Exhibit V to this Agreement. 

Termination Fee means, for any Yield Period, with respect to any Purchaser, the amount, if any, by which: (a) the
additional Discount related to such Purchasers Investment (calculated without taking into account any Termination Fee or any shortened duration of such Yield Period) that would have accrued during such Yield Period on the reductions of
Investment relating to such Yield Period had such reductions not been made, exceeds (b) the income, if any, received by such Purchaser from investing the proceeds of such reductions of Investment, as determined by the such Purchasers
Purchaser Agent, which determination shall be binding and conclusive for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Total
Reserves means, at any time the sum of: (a) the Yield Reserve, plus (b) the greater of (i) the Dilution Reserve plus the Loss Reserve and (ii) the Minimum Dilution Reserve plus the Concentration Reserve. 

Transaction Documents means (i) this Agreement, the Lock-Box Agreements, the Lock-Box Schedule Letter Agreement, each
Purchaser Group Fee Letter, the Sale Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the EU/UK Risk Retention Letter and (ii) all other certificates, instruments, UCC financing statements, reports, notices, agreements and documents executed or
delivered under or in connection with this Agreement or such other agreement, in each case as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 

I-29 

Transfer Supplement has the respective meanings set forth in Sections
6.3(c) and 6.3(e). 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the applicable
jurisdiction. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as
amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority,
which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

UK Securitisation Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 as it
forms part of UK domestic law by operation of the EUWA, and as amended by the Securitisation (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, and as further amended. 

UK Securitisation Regulation Rules means the UK Securitisation Regulation, together with (a) all applicable binding
technical standards made under the UK Securitisation Regulation, (b) any EU regulatory technical standards or implementing technical standards relating to the EU Securitization Regulation (including such regulatory technical standards or
implementing technical standards which are applicable pursuant to any transitional provisions of the EU Securitisation Regulation) forming part of UK domestic law by operation of the EUWA, (c) relevant guidance, policy statements or directions
relating to the application of the UK Securitisation Regulation (or any binding technical standards) published by the Financial Conduct Authority and/or Prudential Regulation Authority (or their successors), (d) any guidelines relating to the
application of the EU Securitisation Regulation which are applicable in the UK, (e) any other transitional, saving or other provision relevant to the UK Securitisation Regulation by virtue of the operation of the EUWA and (f) any other
applicable laws, acts, statutory instruments, rules, guidance or policy statements published or enacted relating to the UK Securitisation Regulation, in each case, as may be amended from time to time. 

Unmatured Purchase and Sale Termination Event means any event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both,
would become a Purchase and Sale Termination Event. 

Unmatured Termination Event means an event that, with the giving
of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a Termination Event. 

Wells means Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association. 

WESCO has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

I-30 

Write-down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA
Resolution Authority, the Write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which Write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In
Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any
contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a
right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Yield Period means, with respect to each Portion of Investment: (a) before the Facility Termination Date:
(i) initially the period commencing on the date of the initial Purchase pursuant to Section 1.2 of this Agreement (or in the case of any fees payable hereunder, commencing on the Closing Date) and ending on (but not including) the
next Settlement Date, and (ii) thereafter, each period commencing on the first day of a calendar month and ending on the last day of such calendar month, and (b) on and after the Facility Termination Date: such period (including a period
of one day) as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrator or, in the absence of any such selection, each period commencing on the first day of a calendar month and ending on the last day of such calendar month. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, for purposes of calculating the first Yield Period ending after the Amendment Date, the Yield Period shall be the period commencing on the Settlement Date immediately prior to the Amendment Date and ending on March 31, 2024. 

Yield Reserve means, on any date, an amount equal to: (a) the Aggregate Investment on such date, multiplied by
(b) (i) the Yield Reserve Percentage on such date, divided by (ii) 100% minus the Yield Reserve Percentage on such date. 

Yield Reserve Percentage means, on any date, the product of (a) 1.5, multiplied by (b) the sum of
(i) the Base Rate with respect to the most recent Yield Period and (ii) the Servicing Fee Rate, multiplied by (c) a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the highest Days Sales Outstanding for the twelve most recent
calendar months and (ii) the denominator of which is 360. 

Other Terms.

(a) All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All
terms used in Article 9 of the UCC in the State of New York, and not specifically defined herein, are used herein as defined in such Article 9. Unless the context otherwise requires, or means and/or, and including
(and with correlative meaning include and includes) means including without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term. 

(b) Section 1.12 of this Agreement provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of discount in the event that the SOFR
Rate or Daily Resetting SOFR is no longer available or in certain other circumstances. The Administrator does not warrant or accept any responsibility for and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other
matter related to the SOFR Rate or Daily Resetting SOFR or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate therefor. 

I-31 

(c) Conforming Changes Relating to SOFR or Daily Resetting SOFR. The Administrator
will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further
action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrator shall provide notice to the Seller and the Purchasers each such amendment
implementing such Conforming Changes reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

I-32 

EXHIBIT II 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

1.
Conditions Precedent to Initial Purchase. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to the conditions precedent that the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent shall have received the following items, each in form and substance (including
the date thereof) reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator and each such Purchaser Agent: 

(a) Each of the documents, agreements (in
fully executed form), opinions of counsel, lien search results, UCC filings, certificates and other deliverables listed on the closing memorandum attached as Schedule XI hereto. 

(b) Each of the conditions set forth in Exhibit C to the Commitment Letter has been, or substantially concurrently herewith will be,
satisfied. 

(c) Evidence of payment by the Seller of all accrued and unpaid fees (including those contemplated by each Purchaser Group Fee
Letter and the Commitment Letter), costs and expenses to the extent then due and payable on the Closing Date, including any such costs, fees and expenses arising under or referenced in Section 6.4 of this Agreement, the Commitment Letter
and the Purchaser Group Fee Letter, to the extent invoiced at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date. 

(d) The Anixter
Acquisition (as defined in the Credit Agreement) shall have been consummated or will be consummated substantially concurrently with any Purchase made hereunder on the Closing Date. 

(e) A completed pro forma Information Package after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents to occur on
the Closing Date. 

2. Conditions Precedent to All Purchases and Reinvestments. Each Purchase (including the initial Purchase) and
each reinvestment shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that: 

(a) in the case of each purchase, the Servicer shall have
delivered to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent on or before such purchase, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrator and such Purchaser Agent, a completed pro forma Information Package to reflect the level of Investment with
respect to each Purchaser Group and related reserves after such subsequent purchase; and 

(b) on the date of such purchase or reinvestment
the following statements shall be true (and acceptance of the proceeds of such purchase or reinvestment shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Seller that such statements are then true): 

(i) the representations and warranties contained in Exhibit III to this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and
as of the date of such purchase or reinvestment as though made on and as of such date; provided that if such representation and warranty relates solely to an earlier date, such representation and warranty was true and correct in all material
respects as of such earlier date; 

II-1 

(ii) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such purchase or
reinvestment, that constitutes a Termination Event or an Unmatured Termination Event; 

(iii) the Aggregate Investment shall not exceed the
Purchase Limit, and the Purchased Interest shall not exceed 100%; and 

(iv) the Facility Termination Date has not occurred. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, it shall not be a condition precedent to any reinvestment that an Unmatured Termination Event shall not have occurred and be continuing or that a Termination Event shall not have occurred and be continuing, unless the Administrator
shall have notified the Seller and the Servicer to cease making reinvestments. 

II-2 

EXHIBIT III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

1.
Representations and Warranties of the Seller. The Seller represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) The Seller is a corporation duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in every jurisdiction where the nature of its business requires it to
be so qualified, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) The execution, delivery and
performance by the Seller of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, including its use of the proceeds of purchases and reinvestments: (i) are within its corporate powers; (ii) have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate action; (iii) do not contravene or result in a default under or conflict with: (A) its charter or by-laws, (B) any law, rule or regulation applicable to it, (C) any indenture, loan agreement, mortgage,
deed of trust or other material agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or (D) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its property; and (iv) do not result
in or require the creation of any Adverse Claim upon or with respect to any of its properties. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Seller. 

(c) No authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is required for
its due execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party, other than the Uniform Commercial Code filings referred to in Exhibit II to this Agreement, all of which
shall have been filed on or before the date of the first purchase hereunder. 

(d) Each of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which the Seller is a party constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation of the Seller enforceable against the Seller in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or other similar laws from time to time in effect affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

(e) There is no pending or, to Sellers best knowledge, threatened action or proceeding affecting Seller or any of its properties before
any Governmental Authority or arbitrator. 

(f) No proceeds of any Purchase or reinvestment will be used to acquire any equity security of
a class that is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

(g) The Seller is the legal and beneficial
owner of the Pool Receivables and Related Security, free and clear of any Adverse Claim. Upon each purchase or reinvestment, Administrator (for the benefit of each Purchaser) shall acquire a valid and enforceable perfected undivided percentage
ownership or security interest, to the extent of the Purchased Interest, in each Pool Receivable then existing or thereafter arising and in the Related Security, Collections and other 

III-1 

proceeds with respect thereto, free and clear of any Adverse Claim. This Agreement creates a security interest in favor of the Administrator (for the benefit of each Purchaser) in the Pool
Assets, and the Administrator (for the benefit of each Purchaser) has a first priority perfected security interest in the Pool Assets, free and clear of any Adverse Claims. No effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect
covering any Pool Asset is on file in any recording office, except those filed in favor of the Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement and the Administrator (for the benefit of each Purchaser) relating to this Agreement, or in respect of which the
Administrator has received evidence satisfactory to the Administrator of acknowledgment copies, or time-stamped receipt copies, of proper financing statements releasing or terminating, as applicable, all security interests and other rights of any
Person in such Pool Asset. 

(h) Each Information Package or Daily Report (if prepared by the Seller or one of its Affiliates, or to the
extent that information contained therein is supplied by the Seller or an Affiliate), information, exhibit, financial statement, document, book, record or report furnished or to be furnished at any time by or on behalf of the Seller to the
Administrator or any Purchaser Agent in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party is or will be, when taken as a whole, complete and accurate in all material respects as of its date or as of the date so
furnished, and does not and will not, when taken as a whole, contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not materially misleading. 

(i) The Sellers (x) principal place of business and chief executive office and the
office where it keeps its records concerning the Receivables and (y) location (as such term is used in the UCC), are, in each case, located at the addresses referred to in Sections 1(b) and 2(b) of Exhibit IV to
this Agreement. 

(j) The names and addresses of all the Lock-Box Banks, together with the account numbers of the Lock-Box Accounts at such
Lock-Box Banks, are specified in the Lock-Box Schedule Letter Agreement (or at such other Lock-Box Banks and/or with such other Lock-Box Accounts as have been notified to the Administrator in accordance with this Agreement) and all Lock-Box Accounts
are subject to Lock-Box Agreements (except as otherwise agreed to in writing by the Administrator); provided, however, that so long as the Exception Account Conditions are then satisfied with respect to an Exception Account, such
Exception Account need not be subject to a Lock-Box Agreement. Seller has not granted to any Person, other than the Administrator as contemplated by this Agreement, dominion and control of any Lock-Box Account, or the right to take dominion and
control of any such account at a future time or upon the occurrence of a future event. No Lock-Box Account is subject to any Adverse Claim. The Seller is not in violation of any order of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority. 

(k) Neither the Seller nor any of its Affiliates has any direct or indirect ownership or other financial interest in any Purchaser. 

(l) No proceeds of any Purchase or reinvestment will be used for any purpose that violates any Applicable Law. No part of the proceeds of any
Purchase or reinvestment will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X. 

III-2 

(m) Each Pool Receivable included as an Eligible Receivable in the calculation of the Net
Receivables Pool Balance is an Eligible Receivable. 

(n) No event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes a Termination Event or
an Unmatured Termination Event and no event would result from a purchase in respect of, or reinvestment in respect of, the Purchased Interest or from the application of the proceeds therefrom that constitutes a Termination Event or an Unmatured
Termination Event. 

(o) The Seller has accounted for each sale of undivided percentage ownership interests in Receivables in its books and
financial statements as sales, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles. 

(p) The Seller has complied in all material
respects with the Credit and Collection Policy of each Originator with regard to each Receivable originated by such Originator. 

(q) The
Seller has complied in all material respects with all of the terms, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents that are applicable to it and all laws, rules, regulations and orders that are applicable to
it. 

(r) The Sellers complete corporate name is set forth in the preamble to this Agreement, and it does not use and has not during
the last five years used any other corporate name, trade name, doing-business name or fictitious name, except as set forth on Schedule III to this Agreement and except for names first used after the date of this Agreement and set forth in a
notice delivered to the Administrator pursuant to Section 1(k)(iv) of Exhibit IV to this Agreement. 

(s) The Seller is
not an investment company, or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Seller is not a covered fund under Section 619
of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations implemented thereunder (the Volcker Rule). In determining that the Seller is not a covered fund under the Volcker Rule, the Seller is
entitled to rely on the exemption from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(5)(A) or (B) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(t) None of the consignments, inventory financings, or other
arrangements covered by the financing statement specified in Schedule VIII attached hereto (the Subject UCC) relates or will relate to commingled goods or inventory the sale of which gives rise to any Receivable. The secured party set forth on the Subject UCC does not have,
nor will it have, any Adverse Claim on, or with respect to, any Pool Receivables or Related
Assets.Reserved.

(u) With respect to each Receivable transferred to the Seller under the Sale Agreement, Seller has given reasonably equivalent value to the
Originator thereof in consideration therefor and such transfer was not made for or on account of an antecedent debt. No transfer by any Originator of any Receivable under the Sale Agreement is or may be voidable under any Section of the
Bankruptcy Code. 

III-3 

(v) Each Contract with respect to each Receivable is effective to create, and has created, a
legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor to pay the Outstanding Balance of the Receivable created thereunder and any accrued interest thereon, enforceable against the Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in
equity or at law). 

(w) Since its most recent fiscal year end, there has been no change in the business, operations, financial condition,
properties or assets of the Seller which would have a Material Adverse Effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or materially and adversely affect the transactions
contemplated under this Agreement or such other Transaction Documents. 

(x) [Reserved]. 

(y) The Seller has not issued any LCR Securities, and the Seller is a consolidated subsidiary of WESCO under generally accepted accounting
principles. 

(z) As of the Closing Date, the Seller is an entity that is organized under the laws of the United States or of any state and
at least 51% of whose common stock or analogous equity interest is owned directly or indirectly by a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or designated as a NASDAQ National Market Security listed on the NASDAQ
stock exchange and is excluded on that basis from the definition of Legal Entity Customer as defined in the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

(aa) The secured party set forth on the Subject Anixter UCC
does not have, nor will it have, any Adverse Claim on, or with respect to, any Pool Receivables or Related Assets. No amount is owed by Anixter Inc. to the secured party set forth on the Subject Anixter UCC (or any successor
thereto).[Reserved].

(bb) No: (a) Covered Entity, nor any employees, officers, directors, affiliates of such Covered Entity, nor to the knowledge of Seller,
any consultants, brokers, or agents acting on such Covered Entitys behalf in connection with this Agreement: (i) is a Sanctioned Person; (ii) directly, or indirectly through any third party, is engaged in any transactions or other
dealings with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Jurisdiction in violation of Sanctions, or any transactions or other dealings that otherwise are prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Laws; (b) Pool Asset is Blocked Property.

(cc) Each Covered Entity has, in the reasonable business judgment of Seller, (a) conducted its business in compliance with all
Anti-Corruption Laws and (b) implemented and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with such Anti-Corruption Laws, in each case, in all material respects. 

2. Representations and Warranties of WESCO (including in its capacity as the Servicer). WESCO, individually and in its capacity as the
Servicer, represents and warrants as follows: 

(a)
(dd) WESCO is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in every jurisdiction where the nature of its business requires it to be so qualified, except where the failure to be so qualified
would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

III-4 

(b)
(ee) The execution, delivery and performance by WESCO of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party, including the Servicers use of the proceeds of purchases and reinvestments: (i) are within its corporate powers; (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action; (iii) do not
contravene or result in a default under or conflict with: (A) its charter or by-laws, (B) any law, rule or regulation applicable to it, (C) any indenture, loan agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other material agreement or
instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or (D) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its property; and (iv) do not result in or require the creation of any Adverse
Claim upon or with respect to any of its properties. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which WESCO is a party have been duly executed and delivered by WESCO. 

(c)
(ff) No authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with any
Governmental Authority or other Person, is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by WESCO of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party. 

(d)
(gg) Each of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which WESCO is a party
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of WESCO enforceable against WESCO in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws from time to time in effect
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

(e)
(hh) The balance sheets of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at March 31, 2020,
and the related statements of income and retained earnings for the fiscal year then ended, copies of which have been furnished to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, fairly present the financial condition of Holdings and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as at such date and the results of the operations of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the period ended on such date, all in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, and since March 31, 2020
there has been no event or circumstances which have had a Material Adverse Effect. 

(f) (ii) Except as disclosed in the most recent audited financial statements of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries furnished to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, there is no pending or, to its best
knowledge, threatened action or proceeding affecting it or any of its Subsidiaries before any Governmental Authority or arbitrator that could have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g)
(jj) No proceeds of any Purchase or reinvestment will be used to acquire any equity security of a
class that is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

III-5 

(h)
(kk) Each Information Package or Daily Report (if prepared by WESCO or one of its Affiliates, or
to the extent that information contained therein is supplied by WESCO or an Affiliate), information, exhibit, financial statement, document, book, record or report furnished or to be furnished at any time by or on behalf of the Servicer to the
Administrator, any Purchaser or any Purchaser Agent in connection with this Agreement is or will be complete and accurate in all material respects as of its date or as of the date so furnished and does not and will not contain any material
misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading. 

(i)
(ll) The office where WESCO keeps its records concerning the Receivables are located at the
address referred to in Section 2(b) of Exhibit IV to this Agreement. 

(j) (mm) WESCO is not in violation of any order of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority, which could have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(k)
(nn) Neither WESCO nor any of its Affiliates has any direct or indirect ownership or other
financial interest in any Purchaser. 

(l)
(oo) The Servicer has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy of
each Originator with regard to each Receivable originated by such Originator. 

(m) (pp) WESCO has complied in all material respects with all of the terms, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents that are applicable to it. 

(n)
(qq) WESCO is not an investment company or a company controlled by an
investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(rr) None of the consignments, inventory financings, or other arrangements covered by the financing statement specified in the Subject UCC relates or will relate to
commingled goods or inventory the sale of which gives rise to any Receivable. The secured party set forth on the Subject UCC does not have, nor will it have, any Adverse Claim on, or with respect to, any Pool Receivables or Related
Assets.

(o) [Reserved].

(p)
(ss) Since its most recent fiscal year end, there has been no change in the business, operations,
financial condition, properties or assets of the Servicer which would have a Material Adverse Effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or materially and adversely
affect the transactions contemplated under this Agreement or such other Transaction Documents. 

(q) (tt) No license or approval is required for the Administrator or any successor Servicer to use any program used by the Servicer in the servicing of the Receivables. 

(r)
(uu) [Reserved]. 

(vv) The secured party set forth on the Subject Anixter UCC
does not have, nor will it have, any Adverse Claim on, or with respect to, any Pool Receivables or Related Assets. No amount is owed by Anixter Inc. to the secured party set forth on the Subject Anixter UCC (or any successor
thereto).

III-6 

(s)
[Reserved].

(t) (ww) No: (a) Covered Entity, nor any employees, officers, directors, affiliates of such Covered Entity, nor, to the knowledge of WESCO, any consultants, brokers, or agents acting on such Covered Entitys
behalf in connection with this Agreement: (i) is a Sanctioned Person; (ii) directly, or indirectly through any third party, is engaged in any transactions or other dealings with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned
Jurisdiction in violation of Sanctions, or any transactions or other dealings that otherwise are prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Laws; (b) Pool Asset is Blocked Property. 

(u)
(xx) Each Covered Entity has, in the reasonable business judgment of WESCO,
(a) conducted its business in compliance with all Anti-Corruption Laws and (b) implemented and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with such Anti-Corruption Laws, in each case, in all material respects.

3. Ordinary Course of Business. Each of the Seller and the Purchasers represents and warrants, as to itself, that each
remittance of Collections by or on behalf of the Seller to the Purchasers under this Agreement will have been (i) in payment of a debt incurred by the Seller in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of the Seller and the
Purchasers and (ii) made in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of the Seller and the Purchasers. 

III-7 

EXHIBIT IV 

COVENANTS 

1. Covenants of the
Seller. Until the Final Payout Date: 

(a)
(yy)
Compliance with Laws, Etc. The Seller shall comply
with all Applicable Laws, and preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights, franchises, qualifications and privileges, except to the extent that the failure so to comply with such laws, rules and regulations or the failure so to preserve
and maintain such rights, franchises, qualifications and privileges would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) (zz) Offices, Records and Books of Account, Etc. The Seller: (i) shall keep its principal place of business, chief executive office and location (as such term is used in the UCC) and the office
where it keeps its records concerning the Receivables at the addresses and locations of the Seller set forth under its name on Schedule IV to this Agreement or, pursuant to clause (k)(iv) below, at any other locations in jurisdictions
where all actions reasonably requested by the Administrator to protect and perfect the interest of the Administrator (for the benefit of the Purchasers) in the Receivables and related items (including the Pool Assets) have been taken and completed
and (ii) shall provide the Administrator with at least 30 days written notice before making any change in the Sellers name or making any other change in the Sellers identity or corporate structure (including a Change in
Control) that could render any UCC financing statement filed in connection with this Agreement seriously misleading as such term (or similar term) is used in the UCC; each notice to the Administrator pursuant to this sentence shall set
forth the applicable change and the effective date thereof. The Seller also will maintain and implement (or cause the Servicer to maintain and implement) administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing
Receivables and related Contracts in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain (or cause the Servicer to keep and maintain) all documents, books, records, computer tapes and disks and other information reasonably
necessary or advisable for the collection of all Receivables (including records adequate to permit the dailyprompt identification of each Receivable and all Collections of and
adjustments to each existing Receivable);provided that, in the case of the New Originators, the books and
records will be updated on a monthly basis. The Seller will (and will cause each Originator to) on or prior to the date of this Agreement, mark its master data processing records and other
books and records relating to the Purchased Interest (and at all times thereafter (until the latest of the Facility Termination Date or the date all other amounts owed by the Seller under this Agreement shall be paid in full) continue to maintain
such records) with a legend, acceptable to the Administrator, describing the Purchased Interest. 

(c) (aaa) Performance and Compliance with Contracts and Credit and Collection Policy. The Seller shall (and shall cause the Servicer to), at its expense, timely and fully perform and comply with all material
provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Contracts related to the Receivables, and timely and fully comply in all material respects with the applicable Credit and Collection Policies with regard to each
Receivable and the related Contract. 

(d)
(bbb) Ownership Interest, Etc. The Seller shall (and shall cause the Servicer to), at its
expense, take all action necessary or desirable to establish and maintain a valid and enforceable undivided percentage ownership or security interest, to the extent of the Purchased Interest, in the Pool Receivables, the Related Security and
Collections with respect thereto, and a first priority perfected security interest in the Pool Assets, in each case free and clear of any Adverse Claim, in favor of the Administrator (for the benefit of the Purchasers), including taking such action
to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the interest of the Administrator (for the benefit of the Purchasers) as the Administrator, may reasonably request. 

(e)
(ccc) Sales, Liens, Etc. The Seller shall not sell, assign (by operation of law or
otherwise) or otherwise dispose of, or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon or with respect to, any or all of its right, title or interest in, to or under any Pool Assets (including the Sellers undivided interest in any Receivable,
Related Security or Collections, or upon or with respect to any account to which any Collections of any Receivables are sent), or assign any right to receive income in respect thereof. 

(f)
(ddd) Extension or Amendment of Receivables. Except as provided in this Agreement, the
Seller shall not, and shall not permit the Servicer to, extend the maturity or adjust the Outstanding Balance or otherwise modify the terms of any Pool Receivable, or amend, modify or waive any term or condition of any related Contract. 

(g)
(eee) Change in Business or Credit and Collection Policy. The Seller shall not make (or
agree with any Originator to make) any change (i) in the character of its business or (ii) in any Credit and Collection Policy that would have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Receivables. The Seller shall not make (or agree
with any Originator to make) any other change in any Credit and Collection Policy without giving prior written notice thereof to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent. 

(h)
(fff) Audits. The Seller shall (and shall cause each Originator to), from time to time
during regular business hours, but no more frequently than annually unless (w) a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred and is
continuing, (x) WESCO or Holdings ceases to have a rating of at least B- by Standard and Poors on its respective corporate credit rating, (y) Holdings Available Liquidity fails to exceed $100,000,000 or (z) in
the opinion of the Administrator (with the consent or at the direction of any of the Purchasers) reasonable grounds for insecurity exist with respect to the collectibility of a material portion of the Pool Receivables or with respect to the
Sellers performance or ability to perform in any material respect its obligations under this Agreement, as reasonably requested in advance (unless a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event exists) by the Administrator, permit the Administrator, or its
agents or representatives, at the Sellers expense: (i) to examine and make copies of and abstracts from all books, records and documents (including computer tapes and disks) in the possession or under the control of the Seller (or any
such Originator) relating to Receivables and the Related Security, including the related Contracts, and (ii) to visit the offices and properties of the Seller 

and the Originators for the purpose of examining such materials described in clause (i) above (and shall include the review of the systems and operations of the off-system
originators), and to discuss matters relating to Receivables and the Related Security or the Sellers, WESCOs or the Originators performance under the Transaction Documents or under the Contracts with any of the officers, employees,
agents or contractors of the Seller, WESCO or the Originators having knowledge of such matters. The Seller shall not be
required to reimburse the Administrator for such audits more frequently than once per year unless (x) a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, (y) WESCO or Holdings ceases to have a rating of at least B- by Standard
and Poors on its respective corporate credit rating or (z) Holdings Available Liquidity fails to exceed $100,000,000).

(i)
(ggg) Deposits to Lock-Box Accounts. The Seller shall (or shall cause the Servicer to):
(i) instruct all Obligors to make payments of all Receivables to one or more Lock-Box Accounts or to post office boxes to which only Lock-Box Banks have access (and shall instruct the Lock-Box Banks to cause all items and amounts relating to
such Receivables received in such post office boxes to be removed and deposited into a Lock-Box Account on a daily
basis); provided, that the Obligors with respect to Receivables originated by of the Ninth Amendment Date
Originator need not be directed to deposit Collections to a Lock-Box Account until such time as the Post-Joinder Cash Management Conditions are satisfied, (ii) deposit, or cause to be
deposited, any Collections received by it, the Servicer or any Originator into Lock-Box Accounts not later than one Business Day after receipt thereof and (iii) if a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, directly transfer all
Collections received in each Exception Account to a Lock-Box Account (other than an Exception Account) no later than one (1) Business Day following receipt thereof. Except as otherwise agreed to in writing by the Administrator and the Majority
Purchasers, each Lock-Box Account shall at all times be subject to a Lock-Box Agreement; provided, however, that so long as the Exception Account Conditions are then satisfied with respect to an Exception Account, such Exception
Account need not be subject to a Lock-Box Agreement. The Seller will not (and will not permitcause the Servicer to) deposit or otherwise credit, or cause or permit to be souse commercially reasonable efforts to prevent funds other than Collections to be deposited or credited, to any Lock-Box Account cash or cash proceeds other than Collections; provided that the Seller may permit (i) collections relating to Excluded Receivables and (ii) such other collections not relating to Receivables as the Administrator may approve in writing, in
each case, to be so deposited or credited to any Lock-Box Account so long as (x) the amount of such collections does not exceed $15,000,000 for any calendar month and (y) the Administrator has not requested in writing that the Servicer
direct obligors relating to such Excluded Receivables to cease making payments to Lock-Box Accounts. If such
funds are nevertheless deposited into any Lock-Box Account, the Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) will within two Business Days identify and transfer such funds to the appropriate Person entitled to such funds.

(j)
(hhh) Reporting Requirements. The Seller will provide to the Administrator (in multiple
copies, if requested by the Administrator) and each Purchaser Agent the following: 

(i) within ninety (90) days
after the end of each fiscal year of the Seller, a copy of the annual report for such year for the Seller, containing unaudited financial statements for such year certified as to accuracy by the chief
financialan officer or treasurer of the Seller; 

(ii) within five (5) days after
any executive or senior managing officer of the Seller or Servicer learning of the occurrence of
eachany Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event, a statement of the chief financialan officer of the Seller setting forth details of such Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event and the action that
the Seller has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(iii) promptly after the filing or receiving
thereof, copies of all material reports and notices that the Seller or any Affiliate files under ERISA with the Internal Revenue Service, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or the U.S. Department of Labor or that the Seller or any Affiliate
receives from any of the foregoing or from any multiemployer plan (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) to which the Seller or any of its Affiliates is or was, within the preceding five years, a contributing employer, in each case
in respect of the assessment of withdrawal liability or an event or condition that could, in the aggregate, result in the imposition of liability on the Seller and/or any such Affiliate which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(iv) at least thirty days (or such shorter period as agreed to in writing by the Administrator) before any change
in the Sellers name or any other change requiring the amendment of UCC financing statements, a notice setting forth such changes and the effective date thereof; 

(v) promptly after
any executive or senior managing officer of the Seller or Servicer obtains knowledge thereof, notice of any: (A) material
litigation, investigation or proceeding that may exist at any time between the Seller and any Person or (B) material litigation or proceeding relating to any Transaction Document; 

(vi) promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of a material adverse change in the business, operations, property or
financial or other condition of the Seller, or to its knowledge, the Servicer or any Originator; 

(vii) within five
(5) days after the occurrence of any joinder of a Subject Originator without the consent of the Majority Purchasers (or such later date may be agreed to by the Administrator), a copy of such joinder; 

(viii)
promptly after request such other information respecting the
Receivables or the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of the Seller or any Originator as the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent may from time to time reasonably request; 

(ix)
promptly after request any information available to the Seller or
any of its Affiliates reasonably requested by the Administrator or any Purchaser in order to assist any Purchaser in complying with any of its obligations under Article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation or Article 5 of the UK Securitisation
Regulation, as applicable, and any other due diligence provision of the EU Securitisation Regulation Rules or the UK Securitisation Regulation Rules, as applicable, in relation to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby;
and 

(x)
promptly after request solely to the extent such data is
reasonably available to the Seller or any of its Affiliates without additional burden or out-of-pocket expense, information regarding the Receivables as any Purchaser may reasonably request in connection with the analysis by such Purchaser of
capital treatment under the accord known as Basel II, Basel III or other regulatory capital guidelines as relates to the transactions contemplated in the Transaction Documents. 

Information required to be delivered pursuant to
this clause (ij) of this Section shall be deemed to have been delivered if such
information, or one or more annual or quarterly reports or current reports containing such information, shall have been posted by the Administrator on a SyndTrak, IntraLinks or similar site to which the Purchasers have been granted access or shall
be available on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission at http://www.sec.gov or on the website of Holdings. Each Purchaser shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents and maintaining its copies of such documents.

(k)
(iii) Certain Agreements. Without the prior written consent of the Administrator and
the Majority Purchasers, the Seller will not (and will not agree with any Originator to) amend, modify, waive, revoke or terminate any Transaction Document to which it is a party or any provision of Sellers certificate of incorporation or
by-laws. 

(l)
(jjj) Restricted Payments. (i) Except pursuant to clause (ii) below, the
Seller will not: (A) purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, (B) declare or pay any dividend or set aside any funds for any such purpose, (C) prepay, purchase or redeem any Debt, (D) lend or advance any funds or
(E) repay any loans or advances to, for or from any of its Affiliates (the amounts described in clauses (A) through (E) being referred to as Restricted Payments). 

(ii) Subject to the limitation set forth in clause (iii) below, the Seller may make Restricted Payments so long as such
Restricted Payments are made only in one or more of the following ways: (A) the Seller may make cash payments (including prepayments) of the Company Note in accordance with its terms, and (B) the Seller may declare and pay dividends. 

(iii) The Seller may make Restricted Payments only out of the funds it receives pursuant to Sections 1.4(b)(ii) and
(iv) of this Agreement. Furthermore, the Seller shall not pay, make or declare: (A) any dividend if, after giving effect thereto, the Sellers tangible net worth would be less than $50,000,000 or (B) any Restricted Payment
(including any dividend) if, after giving effect thereto, any Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(m)
(kkk) Other Business. The Seller will not: (i) engage in any business other than the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; (ii) create, incur or permit to exist any Debt of any kind (or cause or permit to be issued for its account any letters of credit or bankers acceptances) other than pursuant to this
Agreement or the Company Note; or (iii) form any Subsidiary or make any investments in any other Person; provided, however, that the Seller shall be permitted to incur minimal obligations to the extent necessary for the day-to-day
operations of the Seller (such as expenses for stationery, audits, maintenance of legal status, etc.). 

(n) (lll) Use of Sellers Share of Collections. The Seller shall apply the Sellers Share of Collections to make payments in the following order of priority: (i) the payment of its expenses (including
all obligations payable to the Purchaser Groups and the Administrator under this Agreement and under each Purchaser Group Fee Letter); (ii) the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the Company Note; and (iii) other legal and valid
corporate purposes. 

(o)
(mmm) Tangible Net Worth. The Seller will not permit its tangible net worth, at any time,
to be less than $50,000,000. 

(p)
(nnn) Exclusion of Credit Memos. As soon as possible, the Seller shall (and shall cause
each Originator and the Servicer to) remove credit memos from any aging schedules contained in or used to calculate the information set forth in each Information Package delivered pursuant to Section 2(i)(iii) of Exhibit IV to
this Agreement. 

(q)
(ooo) [Reserved]. 

(r)
(ppp) Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws; Anti-Corruption Laws. The Seller covenants
and agrees that: 

(i) it shall, and shall require each other Covered Entity to, conduct its business in compliance
with all Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects and maintain policies and procedures designed, in Sellers reasonable business judgment, to ensure compliance with such Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects; 

(ii) it and its Subsidiaries will not: (A) become a Sanctioned Person or allow its employees, officers or directors to
become a Sanctioned Person; (B) directly, or indirectly through a third party, engage in any transactions or other dealings with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Jurisdiction, including any use of the proceeds of the
Investments to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Jurisdiction; (C) pay or repay obligations with Blocked Property or funds derived from any unlawful
activity; (D) permit any Pool Assets to become Blocked Property; or (E) cause any Purchaser or the Administrator to violate any Anti-Terrorism Law in any material respects; and 

(i) (iii) it will not, and will not permit any its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, use the Investments or any
proceeds thereof in any manner that would result in a violation by any Person of Anti-Corruption Law (including any Purchaser Party) or in violation in any material respect of any applicable Law, including, without limitation, any applicable
Anti-Corruption Law. 

(s)
(qqq) Liquidity Coverage Ratio. The Seller shall not issue any LCR Security.

(t)
(rrr) Certification of Beneficial Owner(s). Promptly following any change that would result
in a change to the status as an excluded Legal Entity Customer under (and as defined in) the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, the Seller shall execute and deliver to the Administrator a Certification of Beneficial Owner(s) complying with
the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. The information included in any Certification of Beneficial Owner(s) shall be true and correct in all respects. 

(u)
(sss) Additional Assistance. The Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take
such further action, provide such information and enter into such other agreements not otherwise provided for hereunder as may be reasonably required by the Administrator or any Purchaser in order to assist any Purchaser in complying with any of its
obligations under Article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation or Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, as applicable, and any other due diligence provision of the EU Securitisation Regulation Rules or the UK Securitisation Regulation
Rules, as applicable, in relation to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. 

(v) Intended Tax Treatment. The Seller shall not file any tax return, or take any action, inconsistent with the Intended Tax
Treatment unless required by a final determination within the meaning of Section 1313 of the Internal Revenue Code (or similar or analogous state, local or foreign tax law).

2. Covenants of the Servicer and WESCO. Until the Final Payout Date: 

(a)
(ttt) Compliance with Laws, Etc. The Servicer and, to the extent that it ceases to be the
Servicer, WESCO shall comply (and shall cause each Originator to comply) in all material respects with all Applicable Laws, and preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights, franchises, qualifications and privileges, except to the extent
that the failure so to comply with such laws, rules and regulations or the failure so to preserve and maintain such existence, rights, franchises, qualifications and privileges would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b)
(uuu) Offices, Records and Books of Account, Etc. The Servicer and, to the extent that it
ceases to be the Servicer, WESCO, shall keep (and shall cause each Originator to keep) its principal place of business, chief executive office and location (as such term is used in the applicable UCC) and the office where it keeps its
records concerning the Receivables at the addresses of the Servicer set forth under its name on Schedule IV to this Agreement or, upon at least 30 days prior written notice of a proposed change to the Administrator, at any other
locations in jurisdictions where all actions reasonably requested by the Administrator to protect and perfect the interest of the Administrator (for the benefit of each Purchaser) in the Receivables and related items (including the Pool Assets) have
been taken and completed. The Servicer and, to the extent that it ceases to be the Servicer, WESCO, also will (and will cause each Originator to) maintain 

and implement administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing Receivables and related Contracts in the event of the destruction of the originals
thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records, computer tapes and disks and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Receivables (including records adequate to permit the dailyprompt identification of each Receivable and all Collections of and adjustments to each existing Receivable). 

(c)
(vvv) Performance and Compliance with Contracts and Credit and Collection Policy. The
Servicer and, to the extent that it ceases to be the Servicer, WESCO, shall (and shall cause Originator to), at its expense, timely and fully perform and comply with all material provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it
under the Contracts related to the Receivables, and timely and fully comply in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy with regard to each Receivable and the related Contract. 

(d)
(www) Extension or Amendment of Receivables. Except as provided in this Agreement, the
Servicer and, to the extent that it ceases to be the Servicer, WESCO, shall not extend (and shall not permit any Originator to extend), the maturity or adjust the Outstanding Balance or otherwise modify the terms of any Pool Receivable, or amend,
modify or waive any term or condition of any related Contract. 

(e) (xxx) Change in Business or Credit and Collection Policy. The Servicer and, to the extent that it ceases to be the Servicer, WESCO, shall not make (and shall not permit any Originator to make) any change in
(i) the character of its business or (ii) in any Credit and Collection Policy that would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Servicer and, to the extent that it ceases to be the Servicer, WESCO, shall not make (and shall not permit any
Originator to make) any other change in any Credit and Collection Policy without giving prior written notice thereof to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent. 

(f)
(yyy) Audits. The Servicer and, to the extent that it ceases to be the Servicer, WESCO,
shall (and shall cause each Originator to), from time to time during regular business hours, but no more frequently than annually unless (w) a Termination
Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, (x) WESCO or Holdings ceases to have a rating of at least B- by Standard and Poors on its respective corporate credit rating, (y) Holdings
Available Liquidity fails to exceed $100,000,000 or (z) in the opinion of the Administrator (with the consent or at the direction of any of the Purchasers) reasonable grounds for insecurity exist with respect to the collectibility of a material
portion of the Pool Receivables or with respect to the Servicers performance or ability to perform in any material respect its obligations under this Agreement, as reasonably requested
in advance (unless a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event exists) by the Administrator,
permit the Administrator, or its agents or representatives, at the Servicers expense: (i) to examine and make copies of and abstracts from all books, records and documents (including computer tapes and disks) in its possession or under
its control relating to Receivables and the Related Security, including the related Contracts; and (ii) to visit its offices and properties for the purpose of examining such materials described in clause (i) above, and to discuss
matters relating to Receivables and the Related Security or its performance hereunder or under the Contracts with any of its officers, employees, agents or 

contractors having knowledge of such matters. The Servicer shall
not be required to reimburse the Administrator for such audits more frequently than once per year unless (x) a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, (y) WESCO or Holdings ceases to have a rating of at least B- by
Standard and Poors on its respective corporate credit rating or (z) Holdings Available Liquidity fails to exceed $100,000,000).

(g)
(zzz) Change in Lock-Box Banks, Lock-Box Accounts and Payment Instructions to Obligors. The
Servicer and, to the extent that it ceases to be the Servicer, WESCO, shall not (and shall not permit any Originator to) add or terminate any bank as a Lock-Box Bank or any account as a Lock-Box Account from those listed in the Lock-Box Schedule
Letter Agreement, or make any change in its instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made to the Servicer or any Lock-Box Account (or related post office box), unless the Administrator shall have consented thereto in writing and the
Administrator shall have received copies of all agreements and documents (including Lock-Box Agreements) that it may request in connection therewith. 

(h)
(aaaa) Deposits to Lock-Box Accounts. The Servicer shall: (i) instruct all Obligors to
make payments of all Receivables to one or more Lock-Box Accounts or to post office boxes to which only Lock-Box Banks have access (and shall instruct the Lock-Box Banks to cause all items and amounts relating to such Receivables received in such
post office boxes to be removed and deposited into a Lock-Box Account on a daily basis); provided, that the
Obligors with respect to Receivables originated by of the Ninth Amendment Date Originator need not be directed to deposit Collections to a Lock-Box Account until such time as the Post-Joinder Cash Management Conditions are satisfied; (ii) deposit, or cause to be deposited, any Collections received by it into Lock-Box Accounts not later than one Business Day after receipt thereof and (iii) if a Termination Event has occurred and is
continuing, directly transfer all Collections received in each Exception Account to a Lock-Box Account (other than an Exception Account) no later than one (1) Business Day following receipt thereof. Except as otherwise agreed to in writing by
the Administrator and the Majority Purchasers, each Lock-Box Account shall at all times be subject to a Lock-Box Agreement; provided, however, that so long as the Exception Account Conditions are then satisfied with respect to an
Exception Account, such Exception Account need not be subject to a Lock-Box Agreement. The Servicer will not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause or permit to
be souse commercially reasonable efforts to prevent funds other than Collections to be deposited or credited, to any Lock-Box Account cash or cash proceeds other than Collections; provided that the Servicer may permit (i) collections relating to Excluded Receivables and (ii) such other collections not relating to Receivables as the Administrator may approve in writing, in
each case, to be so deposited or credited to any Lock-Box Account so long as (x) the amount of such collections does not exceed $15,000,000 for any calendar month and (y) the Administrator has not requested in writing that the Servicer
direct obligors relating to such Excluded Receivables to cease making payments to Lock-Box Accounts. If such
funds are nevertheless deposited into any Lock-Box, the Servicer will within two Business Days identify and transfer such funds to the appropriate Person entitled to such funds.

(i)
(bbbb) Reporting Requirements. WESCO shall provide to the Administrator (in multiple
copies, if requested by the Administrator) and each Purchaser Agent the following: 

(i) within 45 days after the end
of the first three quarters of each fiscal year of Holdings, balance sheets of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and statements of income, retained earnings and cash flow of Holdings and its consolidated
Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such quarter, certified by the chief financial officer of such Person; 

(ii) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of Holdings, a copy of the annual report for such year for Holdings and
its consolidated Subsidiaries, containing financial statements for such year audited by independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing; 

(iii) as to the Servicer only, not later than 2 days prior to the Settlement Date in such month, an Information Package for
such period, including a calculation (with reasonable detail with respect to such calculation) of Available Liquidity as of the last day of the preceding calendar month; provided, however that (A) if the Purchased Interest as
reported in the most recently delivered Information Package or Daily Report exceeds 75%, within two (2) Business Days of the Administrators request thereof, the Servicer shall provide (x) a Daily Report calculated as of the Business
Day immediately preceding delivery thereof and (y) such other information as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrator in its sole discretion regarding Collections and originations of Receivables and (B) if (x) WESCO or
Holdings shall cease to have a rating of at least B- by Standard & Poors on its respective corporate credit rating or (y) Holdings Available Liquidity fails to exceed $100,000,000, the Servicer shall provide
(i) if requested by the Administrator or any Purchaser Agent, in each case in such Persons sole discretion, an Information Package on the first Business Day of each calendar week and (ii) such information as shall be requested by the
Administrator in its sole discretion regarding Collections to the Administrator on a daily basis; 

(iv) within five days
after any executive or senior managing officer of the Seller or Servicer becoming aware of the occurrence of each Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event, a statement of the chief
financialan officer of WESCO setting forth details
of such Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event and the action that such Person has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(v) promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all reports that WESCO or Holdings sends to any of their respective
security holders, and copies of all reports and registration statements that WESCO, Holdings or any of their respective Subsidiaries files with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange; provided, that any
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that have been granted confidential treatment shall be provided promptly after such filings have become publicly available; 

(vi) promptly after the filing or receiving thereof, copies of all material
reports and notices that WESCO, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates files under ERISA with the Internal Revenue Service, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or the U.S. Department of Labor or that such Person or any of its Affiliates
receives from any of the foregoing or from any multiemployer plan (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) to which such Person or any of its Affiliate is or was, within the preceding five years, a contributing employer, in each case
in respect of the assessment of withdrawal liability or an event or condition that could, in the aggregate, result in the imposition of liability on WESCO, Holdings and/or any such Affiliate which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(vii) at least thirty days (or such shorter period as agreed to in writing by the Administrator) before any change
in WESCOs, Holdings or any Originators name or any other change requiring the amendment of UCC financing statements, a notice setting forth such changes and the effective date thereof; 

(viii) promptly after
any executive or senior managing officer of WESCO or Holdings
obtains knowledge thereof, notice of any: (A) litigation, investigation or proceeding that may exist at any time between WESCO, Holdings or any of their respective Subsidiaries and any Governmental Authority that, if not cured or if adversely
determined, as the case may be, would have a Material Adverse Effect; (B) litigation or proceeding adversely affecting such Person or any of its Subsidiaries in which (x) the amount involved is $75,000,000100,000,000 or more and not covered by insurance or (y) injunctive or similar relief is sought which could reasonably be expect to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (C) litigation or proceeding relating to
any Transaction Document; 

(ix) promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of a material adverse change in the
business, operations, property or financial or other condition of WESCO, Holdings or any of their respective Subsidiaries; 

(x) promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of any downgrade of WESCO or Holdings; 

(xi) promptly
after request such other information respecting the Receivables or the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of WESCO, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates as the
Administrator or any Purchaser Agent may from time to time reasonably request; 

(xii) promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of any material acquisition or investment by WESCO or Holdings of or in any Person, business or operation[Reserved]; 

(xiii) on or before 30 days prior to each
anniversary of the Closing Date, the Servicer shall, at its own expense, cause an independent auditor acceptable to the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent to furnish to WESCO, the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent, (A) a report in a
format acceptable to each Purchaser Agent, to the effect that they have (1) reviewed and audited WESCOs and Holdings books, records and servicing procedures, (2) performed testing of a statistically significant sample of

Receivables and each Information Package and Daily Report generated during such fiscal year then ended, and
describing the results of such review and testing, and (3) during such review and testing, not discovered any deviations (other than those described in the report) from the Credit and Collection Policy, and (B) a report in a format
acceptable to each Purchaser Agent to the effect that they have applied certain procedures agreed upon with the Servicer, the Administrator and each Purchaser Agent and examined certain documents and records relating to the servicing of Receivables
under this Agreement, and that, based upon such agreed upon procedures, nothing has come to the attention of such auditors that caused them to believe such servicing (including without limitation, the allocation of Collections) has not been
conducted in compliance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, except for such exceptions as they believe to be immaterial and such other exceptions as shall be set forth in such statement. In addition, each report shall set forth the
agreed upon procedures performed (it being understood and agreed that in any year, a field audit performed by the Administrator or its agents or representatives pursuant to Section 2(f) of this Exhibit IV may, with the prior consent of the Administrator and the
Majority Purchasers, satisfy the requirements of this clause (xiii));

(xiii)
[Reserved]; 

(xiv) if requested by the Administrator, not later than 30 days after the end
of each month (other than months which are the last month of a calendar quarter) and within 45 days of the end of each calendar quarter, management prepared unaudited financial statements of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 

(xv)
promptly after request any information available to WESCO or any
of its Affiliates reasonably requested by the Administrator or any Purchaser in order to assist any Purchaser in complying with any of its obligations under Article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation or Article 5 of the UK Securitisation
Regulation, as applicable, and any other due diligence provision of the EU Securitisation Regulation Rules or the UK Securitisation Regulation Rules, as applicable, in relation to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby;
and 

(xvi)
promptly after request solely to the extent such data is
reasonably available to WESCO or any of its Affiliates without additional burden or out-of-pocket expense, information regarding the Receivables as any Purchaser may reasonably request in connection with the analysis by such Purchaser of capital
treatment under the accord known as Basel II, Basel III or other regulatory capital guidelines as relates to the transactions contemplated in the Transaction Documents. 

Information required to be delivered pursuant to
this clause (i) of this Section shall be deemed to have been delivered if such information, or one or more annual or
quarterly reports or current reports containing such information, shall have been posted by the Administrator on a SyndTrak, IntraLinks or similar site to which the Purchasers have been granted access or shall be available on the website of the
Securities and Exchange Commission at http://www.sec.gov or on the website of Holdings. Each Purchaser shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents and maintaining its copies of such documents. 

(j)
(cccc) Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws; Anti-Corruption Laws. The Servicer
covenants and agrees that: 

(i) it shall, and shall require each other Covered Entity to, conduct its business in
compliance with all Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects and maintain policies and procedures designed, in Servicers reasonable business judgment, to ensure compliance with such Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects; 

(ii) it and its Subsidiaries will not: (A) become a Sanctioned Person or allow its employees, officers or directors to
become a Sanctioned Person; (B) directly, or indirectly through a third party, engage in any transactions or other dealings with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Jurisdiction, including any use of the proceeds of the
Investments to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Jurisdiction; (C) pay or repay obligations with Blocked Property or funds derived from any unlawful
activity; (D) permit any Pool Assets to become Blocked Property; or (E) cause any Purchaser or the Administrator to violate any Anti-Terrorism Law in any material respects; and 

(iii) it will not, and will not permit any its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, use the Investments or any proceeds
thereof in any manner that would result in a violation by any Person of Anti-Corruption Law (including any Purchaser Party) or in violation in any material respect of any applicable Law, including, without limitation, any applicable Anti-Corruption
Law. 

(k) Additional Assistance. The Servicer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take such further action, provide such
information and enter into such other agreements not otherwise provided for hereunder as may be reasonably required by the Administrator or any Purchaser in order for any Purchaser to comply with any and all applicable requirements of Article 5 of
the EU Securitisation Regulation or Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and any other due diligence provision of the EU Securitisation Regulation Rules or the UK Securitisation Regulation Rules in relation to the Transaction Documents and
the transactions contemplated thereby. 

(l) Intended
Tax Treatment. The Servicer shall not file any tax return, or take any action, inconsistent with the Intended Tax Treatment unless required by a final determination within the meaning of Section 1313 of the Internal Revenue Code (or similar or
analogous state, local or foreign tax law).

3. Separate Existence. Each of the Seller and WESCO hereby acknowledges that the
Purchasers, the Purchaser Agents, the Administrator and the Liquidity Providers are entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in reliance upon the Sellers identity as a legal entity
separate from WESCO and its Affiliates. Therefore, from and after the date hereof, each of the Seller and WESCO shall take all steps specifically required by this Agreement or reasonably required by the Administrator to continue the Sellers
identity as a separate legal entity and to make it apparent to third Persons that the Seller is an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of WESCO and any other Person, and is not a division of WESCO, its Affiliates or any other
Person. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and in addition to and consistent with the other covenants set forth herein, each of the Seller and WESCO shall take such actions as shall be required in order that: 

(a) The Seller will be a limited purpose corporation whose primary activities are restricted in its certificate of
incorporation to: (i) purchasing or otherwise acquiring from the Originators, owning, holding, granting security interests or selling interests in Pool Assets, (ii) entering into agreements for the selling and servicing of the Receivables
Pool, and (iii) conducting such other activities as it deems necessary or appropriate to carry out its primary activities; 

(b) The Seller shall not engage in any business or activity, or incur any indebtedness or liability, other than as expressly
permitted by the Transaction Documents; 

(c) Not less than one member of the Sellers Board of Directors (the
Independent Director) shall be an individual who is not a direct, indirect or beneficial stockholder, officer, director, employee, affiliate, associate or supplier of WESCO or any of its Affiliates. The certificate of
incorporation of the Seller shall provide that: (i) the Sellers Board of Directors shall not approve, or take any other action to cause the filing of, a voluntary bankruptcy petition with respect to the Seller unless the Independent
Director shall approve the taking of such action in writing before the taking of such action, and (ii) such provision cannot be amended without the prior written consent of the Independent Director; 

(d) The Independent Director shall not at any time serve as a trustee in bankruptcy for the Seller, WESCO or any Affiliate
thereof; 

(e) Any employee, consultant or agent of the Seller will be compensated from the Sellers funds for services
provided to the Seller. The Seller will not engage any agents other than its attorneys, auditors and other professionals, and a servicer and any other agent contemplated by the Transaction Documents for the Receivables Pool, which servicer will be
fully compensated for its services by payment of the Servicing Fee, and a manager, which manager will be fully compensated from the Sellers funds; 

(f) The Seller will contract with the Servicer to perform for the Seller all operations required on a daily basis to service
the Receivables Pool. The Seller will pay the Servicer the Servicing Fee pursuant to this Agreement. The Seller will not incur any material indirect or overhead expenses for items shared with WESCO (or any other Affiliate thereof) that are not
reflected in the Servicing Fee. To the extent, if any, that the Seller (or any Affiliate thereof) shares items of expenses not reflected in the Servicing Fee or the managers fee, such as legal, auditing and other professional services, such
expenses will 

be allocated to the extent practical on the basis of actual use or the value of services rendered, and otherwise on a basis reasonably related to the actual use or the value of services rendered;
it being understood that WESCO shall pay all expenses relating to the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents, including legal, agency and other fees; 

(g) The Sellers operating expenses will not be paid by WESCO or any other Affiliate thereof; 

(h) All of the Sellers business correspondence and other communications shall be conducted in the Sellers own name
and on its own separate stationery; 

(i) The Sellers books and records will be maintained separately from those of
WESCO and any other Affiliate thereof; 

(j) All financial statements of WESCO or any Affiliate thereof that are
consolidated to include Seller will contain detailed notes clearly stating that: (i) a special purpose corporation exists as a Subsidiary of WESCO, and (ii) the Originators have sold receivables and other related assets to such special
purpose Subsidiary that, in turn, has sold undivided interests therein to certain financial institutions and other entities; 

(k) The Sellers assets will be maintained in a manner that facilitates their identification and segregation from those of
WESCO or any Affiliate thereof; 

(l) The Seller will strictly observe corporate formalities in its dealings with WESCO or
any Affiliate thereof, and funds or other assets of the Seller will not be commingled with those of WESCO or any Affiliate thereof except as permitted by this Agreement in connection with servicing the Pool Receivables. The Seller shall not maintain
joint bank accounts or other depository accounts to which WESCO or any Affiliate thereof (other than WESCO in its capacity as the Servicer) has independent access. The Seller is not named, and has not entered into any agreement to be named, directly
or indirectly, as a direct or contingent beneficiary or loss payee on any insurance policy with respect to any loss relating to the property of WESCO or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate of WESCO. The Seller will pay to the appropriate Affiliate the
marginal increase or, in the absence of such increase, the market amount of its portion of the premium payable with respect to any insurance policy that covers the Seller and such Affiliate; 

(m) The Seller will maintain arms-length relationships with WESCO (and
any Affiliate thereof). Any Person that renders or otherwise furnishes services to the Seller will be compensated by the Seller at market rates for such services it renders or otherwise furnishes to the Seller. Neither the Seller nor WESCO will be
or will hold itself out to be responsible for the debts of the other or the decisions or actions respecting the daily business and affairs of the other. The Seller and WESCO will immediately correct any known misrepresentation with respect to the
foregoing, and they will not operate or purport to operate as an integrated single economic unit with respect to each other or in their dealing with any other entity; and 

(n) WESCO shall not pay the salaries of Sellers employees, if any. 

EXHIBIT V 

TERMINATION EVENTS 

Each of the
following shall be a Termination Event: 

(a)
(dddd) (i) the Seller, WESCO, any Originator or the Servicer shall fail to perform or observe
any term, covenant or agreement under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and, except as otherwise provided herein, such failure shall continue for
(A) 5 days after knowledge or notice thereof for any clause or provision of Sections 1(j)(i), 1(j)(iii), or 1(j)(viii) or Sections 2(i)(i), 2(i)(ii), 2(i)(iii), 2(i)(v),
2(i)(vi), 2(i)(xi) or 2(i)(xiv) of Exhibit IV to this Agreement (B) 10 days after knowledge or notice thereof for any clause or provision of this Agreement not referenced in clause (a)(i)(A) above, (ii) the Seller or the Servicer shall fail to make when due any payment or deposit to be made by it under this Agreement and such failure shall continue unremedied for onetwo Business
DayDays, (iii) WESCO shall resign as Servicer, and no successor Servicer reasonably satisfactory to the Administrator and the Majority Purchasers shall have been appointed or (iv) the Seller, WESCO, any
Originator or the Servicer shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant set forth in Sections 1(bb) or (cc) or Sections 2(t) or (u) of Exhibit III or Sections 1(r) or 2(j) of Exhibit
IV to this Agreement; 

(b)
(eeee) WESCO (or any Affiliate thereof) shall fail to transfer to any successor Servicer when
required any rights pursuant to this Agreement that WESCO (or such Affiliate) then has as Servicer; 

(c) (ffff) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Seller, WESCO or any Originator (or any of their respective officers) under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or any
information or report delivered by the Seller, WESCO or any Originator or the Servicer pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, shall prove to have been incorrect or untrue in any material respect when made or deemed made or
delivered (unless such representation or warranty relates solely to one or more specific Pool Receivables and
the relevant Originator, Seller or the Servicer makes a payment with respect to such Pool Receivable to the extent required under the Purchase and Sale Agreement or otherwise under any other Transaction Document), and shall remain incorrect or untrue for 5 days after notice to the Seller or the Servicer of such inaccuracy; 

(d)
(gggg) the Seller or the Servicer shall fail to deliver the Information Package or Daily Report
pursuant to this Agreement, and such failure shall remain unremedied for two days; 

(e) (hhhh) this Agreement or any Purchase or reinvestment pursuant to this Agreement shall for any reason: (i) cease to create, or the Purchased Interest shall for any reason cease to be, a valid and enforceable
perfected undivided percentage ownership or security interest to the extent of the Purchased Interest in each Pool Receivable, the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, free and clear of any Adverse Claim, or (ii) cease to
create with respect to the Pool Assets, or the interest of the Administrator (for the benefit of the Purchasers) with respect to such Pool Assets shall cease to be, a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest, free and clear
of any Adverse Claim; 

(f)
(iiii) the Seller, WESCO, Holdings or any Originator shall generally not pay its debts as
such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against the Seller, WESCO, Holdings or any
Originator seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or
reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such
proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days, or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including the entry of an order for relief against, or
the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or the Seller, WESCO, Holdings or any Originator shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the
actions set forth above in this paragraph; 

(g)
(jjjj) (i) the average for three most recently ended consecutive calendar months of:
(A) the Default Ratio shall exceed 3.25%, (B) the Delinquency Ratio shall exceed 4.00% or (C) the Dilution Ratio shall exceed 7.50% or (ii) (A) the Default Ratio shall exceed 4.00%, (B) the Delinquency Ratio shall
exceed 5.00% or (C) the Days Sales Outstanding shall exceed 62 days; 

(h) (kkkk) a Change in Control shall occur; 

(i) (llll) at any time (i) the sum of (A) the Aggregate Investment plus (B) the Total Reserves, exceeds (ii) the sum of (A) the Net Receivables Pool Balance at such time plus (B) the
Purchasers share of the amount of Collections then on deposit in the Lock-Box Accounts (other than (I) amounts on deposit in the Exception Accounts and (II) amounts set aside in the Lock-Box Accounts representing Discount and Fees), and
such circumstance shall not have been cured within two Business Days after an officer of the Seller, the Servicer, WESCO, Holdings or any Originator obtains knowledge or notice thereof; 

(j)
(mmmm) (i) WESCO, Holdings or any of their respective Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any
principal of or premium or interest on any of its Debt that is outstanding in a principal amount of at least $75,000,000100,000,000 in the aggregate when the same becomes due and payable
(whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in this Agreement, mortgage, indenture or instrument relating to such Debt
(and shall have not been waived); or (ii) any other event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement, mortgage, indenture or instrument relating to any such Debt and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any,
specified in such agreement, mortgage, indenture or instrument (and shall have not been waived), if, in either case: (a) the effect of such non-payment, event or condition is to give the applicable debtholders the right (whether acted upon or
not) to accelerate the maturity of such Debt, or (b) any such Debt shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment), redeemed, purchased or defeased, or an offer to
repay, redeem, purchase or defease such Debt shall be required to be made, in each case before the stated maturity thereof; 

(k)
(nnnn) either: (i) a contribution failure shall occur with respect to any Benefit Plan
sufficient to give rise to a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA, and such failure could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Internal Revenue Service shall file a notice of lien asserting (1) a claim
or claims pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code with regard to any of the assets of Seller or (2) a claim or claims pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code with regard to any of the assets of any Originator, WESCO, Holdings or any ERISA
Affiliate, and in each case such lien could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and shall have been filed and not released within 10 days, or (iii) the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation shall, or shall indicate its
intention in writing to the Seller, any Originator, WESCO, Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate to, either file a notice of lien asserting a claim pursuant to ERISA with regard to any assets of the Seller, any Originator, WESCO, Holdings or any ERISA
Affiliate or terminate any Benefit Plan that has unfunded benefit liabilities, or any steps shall have been taken to terminate any Benefit Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, in each case, as could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect and such lien shall have been filed and not released within 10 days; 

(l) (oooo) (i) one or more final judgments for the payment of money shall be entered against the Seller or (ii) one or more final judgments for the payment of money in an amount in excess of $75,000,000100,000,000, individually or in the aggregate, shall be entered against the Servicer on claims not covered by insurance or as to which the insurance carrier has denied its responsibility, and such judgment shall
continue unsatisfied and in effect for sixty (60) consecutive days without a stay of execution; 

(m) (pppp) the Purchase and Sale Termination Date under and as defined in the Sale Agreement shall occur under the Sale Agreement or any Originator shall for any reason cease to transfer, or cease to have
the legal capacity to transfer, or otherwise be incapable of transferring Receivables to the Seller under the Sale Agreement; 

(n) (qqqq) as of the last day of
any fiscal quarter of Holdings, to the extent that a Fixed Charge Coverage Trigger Event shall have occurred, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be less than 1.0 to 1.0 (i) as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of Holdings which has ended immediately prior to such Fixed Charge
Coverage Trigger Event and for which financial statements are available or are required to be delivered hereunder (the Initial Test Date) and (ii) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter ending after such Initial Test Date until
the Fixed Charge Coverage Trigger Period shall no longer be continuing. For purposes of this clause (n), unless otherwise defined in this Agreement, terms used herein (including all defined
terms used within such terms) shall have the respective meaning assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement; provided, however, that (i) in the event the Credit Agreement is terminated or such defined terms are no longer used
in the Credit Agreement, the respective meaning assigned to such terms immediately preceding such termination or non-usage shall be used for purposes of this Agreement and (ii) if, after the Ninth Amendment Date, the covenant level set forth in Section 6.12
of the Credit Agreement (or any of the defined terms used in connection with such covenant) is amended, modified or waived, it shall, for all purposes of this Agreement similarly be amended, modified or

waived, upon the Sellers delivery of (A) a notice of such an amendment to the Credit Agreement (which notice shall enclose a copy of such amendment to the Credit Agreement) to the
Administrator and each Purchaser not later than 30 days after the effectiveness of such amendment and (B) a certification that each of the following conditions were satisfied at the time of such Credit Agreement amendment: (x) the Majority
Purchasers (without giving effect to the proviso in the definition of Majority Purchasers) or their
Affiliates and the Administrator were a party to the Credit Agreement, (y) such amendment, modification or waiver was consummated in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and
(z) the Majority Purchasers (without giving effect to the proviso in the definition of Majority Purchasers)
or their Affiliates and the Administrator consented to such
amendment, modification or waiver pursuant to the Credit Agreement; or 

(o) (rrrr) either (i) a Change of Control (as defined in the Credit Agreement) occurs with respect to Holdings or (ii) Holdings breaches or defaults in respect of its negative covenant set forth in
Section 6.03(c) of the Credit Agreement, in each case, subject to any applicable grace periods set forth in the Credit Agreement with respect thereto. For purposes of this clause (o) terms used and covenant levels provided
for in the Credit Agreement (including all defined terms used within such terms) shall have the respective meaning assigned to such terms and the covenant levels provided for, in each case, in the Credit Agreement; provided, however,
that (i) in the event the Credit Agreement is terminated or such defined terms are no longer used in the Credit Agreement, the respective meaning assigned to such terms immediately preceding such termination or non-usage shall be used for
purposes of this Agreement and (ii) if, after the
ClosingNinth
Amendment Date, the defined term Change of Control or the covenant set forth in Section 6.03(c) of the Credit Agreement (or any of the defined terms used in connection with such
covenant) is amended, modified or waived, then for all purposes of this Agreement clause (o) shall similarly be amended, modified or waived, upon the Sellers delivery of (A) a notice of such an amendment to the Credit
Agreement (which notice shall enclose a copy of such amendment to the Credit Agreement) to the Administrator and each Purchaser not later than 30 days after the effectiveness of such amendment and (B) a certification that each of the following
conditions were satisfied at the time of such Credit Agreement amendment: (x) the Majority Purchasers (without giving effect to the proviso in the definition of Majority Purchasers) or their Affiliates and the Administrator were a party to the Credit
Agreement, (y) such amendment, modification or waiver was consummated in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and (z) the Majority Purchasers (without giving effect to the proviso in the definition of Majority
Purchasers) or their Affiliates and the Administrator
consented to such amendment, modification or waiver pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 

SCHEDULE I 

CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY 

On
File With: 

WESCO Receivables Corp. 

225 West Station Square Drive, Suite 700 

Pittsburgh, PA 15219 

Attn:
Treasurer 

Telephone: (412) 454-2374 

Facsimile: (412) 454-2515 

Schedule I 

SCHEDULE II 

[Reserved] 

Schedule II 

SCHEDULE III 

TRADE NAMES 

None. 

Schedule III 

SCHEDULE IV 

NOTICE INFORMATION 

WESCO RECEIVABLES CORP., 

as Seller 

Address: 

225 West Station Square Drive 

Suite 700 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219 

Attention: Treasurer 

Telephone: (412) 454-2374 

Facsimile: (412) 222-7427

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC., 

as Servicer 

Address: 

225 West Station Square Drive 

Suite 700 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219 

Attention: Treasurer 

Telephone: (412) 454-2374 

Facsimile: (412) 222-7427 

Schedule IV-1 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Administrator 

Address: 

PNC Bank, National Association 

Tower at PNC Plaza 

300 Fifth Avenue 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 

Attention: Brian Stanley 

Telephone No.: (412) 768-2001 

Facsimile No.: (412) 762-9184 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, 

as Purchaser Agent for PNC Bank, National Association 

Address: 

PNC Bank, National Association 

Three PNC Plaza 

225 Fifth Avenue 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 

Attention: Brian Stanley 

Telephone No.: (412) 768-2001 

Facsimile No.:
(412) 762-9184 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as a
Committed Purchaser for PNC Bank, National Association 

Address: 

PNC Bank, National Association 

Three PNC Plaza 

225 Fifth Avenue 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 

Attention: Brian Stanley 

Telephone No.: (412) 768-2001 

Facsimile No.: (412) 762-9184 

Schedule IV-2 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as a Committed Purchaser for Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

Address: 

1100 Abernathy Rd NE 

Suite 1500 

Atlanta, Georgia 30328 

Attention: Anthony B. Ballard 

Telephone No.: (704) 832-5909

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

as a Committed
Purchaser for Fifth Third Bank, National Association 

Address: 

38 Fountain Square Plaza 

Cincinnati, Ohio 45263 

Attention: Andrew Jones 

Telephone No.: (513) 534-0836 

Facsimile No.: (513) 534-0319 

Schedule IV-3 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

as Purchaser Agent for Fifth Third Bank, National Association 

Address: 

38 Fountain Square Plaza 

Cincinnati, Ohio 45263 

Attention: Matt Glahn 

Telephone No.: (513) 534-4661 

Facsimile No.:
(513) 534-0319 

Schedule IV-4 

LIBERTY STREET FINDING LLC, 

as a Conduit Purchaser 

Address: 

c/o Global Securitization Services, LLC 

68 South Service Road,
Suite 120 

Melville, NY 11747 

Attn: Kevin Corrigan, Senior
Vice President 

Office: (631) 587-4700 

Mobile: [******]

with a copy to: 

The Bank of Nova Scotia 

250 Vesey Street, 23rd Floor, New York, NY 10281 

Attn: Darren
Ward 

Tel: 1-212-255-5264 

Email: [******] 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 

as Purchaser Agent for Liberty Street
Funding LLC and Committed Purchaser 

Address: 

40 Temperance
St, 4th Floor 

Toronto, ON Canada M5H 0B4 

Attn: Doug Noe

Tel: 416-945-4060 

Email: [******] 

with a copy to: 

The Bank of Nova Scotia 

250 Vesey Street, 23rd Floor, New York, NY 10281 

Attn: Darren
Ward 

Tel: 1-212-255-5264 

Email: [******] 

Schedule IV-5 

RELIANT TRUST, 

as a Conduit Purchaser 

Address: 

130 Adelaide Street West 

12th Floor 

Toronto, ON, M5H 3P5 

Attention: ASG Asset Securitization 

Telephone No.:
(416) 307-6035 

GTA FUNDING LLC, 

as a Conduit
Purchaser 

Address: 

GTA Funding LLC 

68 South Service Road, Suite 120 

Melville, NY 11747 

With a copy to: 

Email: ConduitFundingUS@tdsecurities.com 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, 

as Purchaser Agent for GTA Funding
LLC and Reliant Trust and Committed Purchaser 

Address: 

130
Adelaide Street West 

12th Floor 

Toronto, ON, M5H 3P5 

Attention: ASG Asset Securitization 

Telephone No.: (416) 307-6035 

Schedule IV-6 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 

as Purchaser Agent for Bank of America, N.A. 

Address: 

Bank of America, N.A. 

NC2-109-02-02 

13510 Ballantyne Corporate Place 

Charlotte, NC 28277 

Attention: Willem Van Beek / Chris Hayes 

Telephone No.:
(980) 683-4585 

Facsimile No.: (704) 409-0588 

Email address: [******] 

Schedule IV-7 

MACRO TRUST 

as a Conduit Purchaser 

Address: 

161 Bay Street 

9th Floor 

Toronto, ON M5J 2S8 

Attention: CIBC Conduit Management Team,
Angela Chin 

E-Mail: [******] 

BAY SQUARE FUNDING LLC, 

as a Conduit Purchaser 

Bay Square Funding LLC 

c/o Global Securitization Services, LLC 

68 South Service Road,
Suite 120 

Melville, NY 11747 

Attention: Kevin J. Corrigan

Telephone: 212-295-2757 

Facsimile: 2-2-302-8767 

Email: [******] 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, 

as Purchaser Agent for Bay Square Funding LLC and Macro Trust and as Committed Purchaser 

Address: 

161 Bay Street 

9th Floor 

Toronto, ON M5J 2S8 

Attention: CIBC Conduit Management Team,
Angela Chin 

E-Mail: [******] 

Schedule IV-8 

HSBC SECURITIES USA INC., 

as Purchaser Agent for HSBC Bank USA, National Association 

Address: 

452 Fifth Avenue 

New York, NY 10018 

Attention: Nicholas Walach 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as a Committed Purchaser

Address: 

452 Fifth Avenue 

New York, NY 10018 

Attention: Sean Moskal 

Schedule IV-9 

SCHEDULE V 

SUBJECT ANIXTER FILING

Debtor 

Secured
Party 

Filing
Location 

Filing
Data

Anixter Inc. Aten Technology, Inc. Delaware Department of State Initial Filing # 2017 0655235

[Reserved]

Schedule V-1 

SCHEDULE VI 

COMMITMENTS 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as a Committed Purchaser for PNC Bank, National Association 

Commitment: $350,000,000 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION 

as a Committed Purchaser for Fifth Third Bank, National Association 

Commitment: $200,000,000 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, 

as a Committed Purchaser for Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

Commitment: $235,000,000 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 

as a Committed Purchaser 

Commitment: $190,000,000 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, 

as a Committed Purchaser 

Commitment: $190,000,000 

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE,

as a Committed Purchaser for Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 

Commitment: $120,000,000 

BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, 

as a Committed Purchaser for Bank of America, National Association 

Commitment: $200,000,000 

Schedule VI-1 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Committed Purchaser 

Commitment: $65,000,000 

Schedule VI-2 

SCHEDULE VII 

SCHEDULED COMMITMENT TERMINATION DATE 

PNC BANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as a Committed Purchaser for PNC Bank, National Association 

Scheduled Commitment Termination Date: March 1February 28, 20272028

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

as a Committed Purchaser for Fifth Third Bank, National Association 

Scheduled Commitment Termination Date: March 1February 28, 20272028

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as a Committed Purchaser for Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

Scheduled Commitment Termination Date: March 1February 28, 20272028

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 

as a Committed Purchaser 

Scheduled Commitment Termination Date:
March 1February
28,
20272028

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, 

as a Committed Purchaser 

Scheduled Commitment Termination Date:
March 1February
28,
20272028

BANK OF AMERICA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as a Committed Purchaser for Bank of America, National Association 

Scheduled Commitment Termination Date: March 1February 28, 20272028

CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE 

as a Committed Purchaser 

Scheduled Commitment Termination Date:
March 1February
28,
20272028

Schedule VII-1 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Committed Purchaser 

Scheduled Commitment Termination Date: March 1February
28,
20272028

Schedule VII-2 

SCHEDULE VIII 

SUBJECT UCC[Reserved]

Debtor 

Secured
Party 

Filing
Location 

Filing
Data

TVC Communications, L.L.C. CommScope, Inc. of North Carolina 

Delaware Department of State

U.C.C. Filing Section 

Initial Filing # 2009 1997995

Filed 6/23/2009

Schedule VIII-1 

SCHEDULE IX 

[Reserved] 

Schedule IX-1 

SCHEDULE X 

EXCLUDED RECEIVABLES 

Excluded Receivable means any Receivable (without giving effect to the exclusion of Excluded Receivables from
the definition thereof): 

(i) that both (i) is owed by an Obligor not a resident of the United States and (ii) is denominated in
a currency other than U.S. dollars, 

(ii) the Obligor of which is Siemens AG or any Subsidiary thereof, 

(iii) the Obligor of which is Siemens Energy AG or any
Subsidiary thereof[reserved], 

(iv) the Obligor of which is Mondelez International Inc. or any Subsidiary thereof, 

(v) the Obligor of which is Evoqua Water Technologies LLC or any Subsidiary thereof and such Receivable was originated on or after
September 26, 2019, 

(vi) that is originated by any Originator that is joining the Sale Agreement on the date hereof and the Obligor
of which is (a) Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (or any Subsidiary thereof), or (b) Electrical Components International Inc. (or any Subsidiary thereof), 

(vii) the Obligor of which is Honeywell International, Inc.
or any Subsidiary thereof; provided, from and after such time that the Administrator has received reasonably satisfactory evidence that no Adverse Claim exists against an Originator with respect thereto, such receivables shall cease to be Excluded
Receivables with respect to such Originator, or[reserved],

(viii) the
Obligor of which is Kennametal Inc or any Subsidiary thereof; from and after such time that the Administrator has received reasonably satisfactory evidence that no Adverse Claim exists against an Originator with respect thereto, such receivables
shall cease to be Excluded Receivables with respect to such Originator.

(viii) [reserved], or

(ix) that is
originated by Rahi Systems Inc and the Obligor of which is PayPal Inc. or any Subsidiary thereof.

Schedule X-1 

SCHEDULE XI 

CLOSING MEMORANDUM 

Schedule XI-1 

ANNEX A 

to Fifth Amended And Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 

FORM OF INFORMATION PACKAGE 

Annex A-1 

ANNEX B 

to Fifth Amended And Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 

FORM OF PURCHASE NOTICE 

ANNEX B 

ANNEX B 

FORM OF PURCHASE NOTICE 

, 20__ 

PNC Bank, National Association 

Three PNC Plaza 

225 Fifth Avenue 

Pittsburgh, PA 15222 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is hereby made
to the Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2020 (as heretofore amended or supplemented, the Receivables Purchase Agreement), among WESCO Receivables Corp.
(Seller), WESCO Distribution, Inc., as Servicer, PNC Bank, National Association (the Administrator) and the various Purchaser Groups party thereto. Capitalized terms used in this Purchase Notice and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 

This letter constitutes a
Purchase Notice pursuant to Section 1.2(a) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. Seller desires to sell an undivided variable interest in a pool of receivables on , 20__, for a purchase
price of $. The Aggregate Investment after such purchase shall be $. 

Seller
hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof, and as of the date of Purchase, as follows: 

(i) the representations and warranties
contained in Exhibit III of the Receivables Purchase Agreement are correct in all material respects on and as of such dates as though made on and as of such dates and shall be deemed to have been made on such dates; provided that if
such representation and warranty relates solely to an earlier date, such representation and warranty was correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; 

(ii) no Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such purchase; 

(iii) after giving effect to the purchase proposed hereby, the Purchased Interest will not exceed 100%, no Purchasers Investment will
exceed its Commitment and the Aggregate Investment will not exceed the Purchase Limit; and 

(iv) the Facility Termination Date shall not
have occurred. 

ANNEX B 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Purchase Notice to be executed by its
duly authorized officer as of the date first above written. 

WESCO RECEIVABLES CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ANNEX B 

ANNEX C 

FORM OF DAILY REPORT 

Gross A/R of Originators at prior month end $ x,xxx,xxx 

+ Originator sales since prior month end $ x,xxx,xxx 

(-) Originator collections since prior month end ($ x,xxx,xxx ) 

Gross A/R of Originators $ x,xxx,xxx 

(-) Advance Rate Proxy from Prior Month End ($ x,xxx,xxx ) 

= Maximum Aggregate Investment $ x,xxx,xxx 

Aggregate Investment $ x,xxx,xxx 

Total Reserves Proxy $ x,xxx,xxx 

Gross A/R of Originators $ x,xxx,xxx 

Ineligible A/R (proxied from Prior Month End) $ x,xxx,xxx 

Excess Concentrations (proxied from Prior Month End) $ x,xxx,xxx 

Net Receivables Pool Balance $ x,xxx,xxx 

Purchased Interest xx % 

ANNEX C 

ANNEX D 

to Fifth Amended And Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 

FORM OF ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 

ANNEX D

FORM OF ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 

THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of [,
], is among WESCO RECEIVABLES CORP. (the Seller), [], as purchaser (the []Conduit Purchaser), [], as the related
committed purchaser (the [] Related Committed Purchaser and together with the Conduit Purchaser, the [] Purchasers), and [], as agent for the
Purchasers (the [] Purchaser Agent and together with the Purchasers, the [] Purchaser Group). 

BACKGROUND 

The Seller and
various others are parties to a certain Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 22, 2020 (as amended through the date hereof, the Receivables Purchase Agreement). Capitalized terms used and not
otherwise defined herein have the respective meaning assigned to such terms in the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. This letter constitutes an Assumption Agreement pursuant to Section 1.2(e)
of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. The Seller desires [the [] Purchasers] [the [] Related Committed Purchaser] to [become Purchasers under] [increase its existing Commitment under] the
Receivables Purchase Agreement and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the [] Purchasers agree to [become Purchasers thereunder] [increase its Commitment in an
amount equal to the amount set forth as the Commitment under the signature of the [] Related Committed Purchaser hereto]. 

Seller hereby represents and warrants to the [] Purchasers as of the date hereof, as follows: 

(i) the representations and warranties contained in Exhibit III of the Receivables Purchase Agreement are correct in all material
respects on and as of such dates as though made on and as of such dates and shall be deemed to have been made on such dates; provided that if such representation and warranty relates solely to an earlier date, such representation and warranty
was correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; 

(ii) no Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred and
is continuing, or would result from such purchase; and 

(iii) the Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred. 

SECTION 2. Upon execution and delivery of this Assumption Agreement by the Seller and each member of the []
Purchaser Group, satisfaction of the other conditions to assignment specified in Section 1.2(e) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement (including the consent of the Administrator and each of the other Purchasers party thereto) and receipt
by the Administrator of counterparts of this Agreement (whether by facsimile or otherwise) executed by each of the parties hereto, [the [] Purchasers shall become a party to, and have the rights and obligations of
Purchasers under, the Receivables Purchase Agreement] [the [] Related Committed Purchaser shall increase its Commitment in the amount set forth as the Commitment under the signature of the
[] Related Committed Purchaser, hereto]. 

SECTION 3. Each party hereto hereby covenants and agrees that it will not institute against,
or join any other Person in instituting against, any Conduit Purchaser, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding, or other proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law, for one year and one
day after the latest maturing Notes issued by such Conduit Purchaser is paid in full. The covenant contained in this paragraph shall survive any termination of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 

SECTION 4. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or
waived except pursuant to a writing signed by the party to be charged. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and by the different parties on different counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all together shall
constitute one and the same agreement. 

(continued on following page) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement by their duly authorized
officers as of the date first above written. 

[___________], as a Conduit Purchaser

By: 

Name Printed: 

Title: 

[Address]

[___________], as a Related Committed Purchaser

By: 

Name Printed: 

Title: 

[Address]

[Commitment]

[_____________], as Purchaser Agent for [_________]

By: 

Name Printed: 

Title: 

[Address]

ANNEX D 

WESCO RECEIVABLES CORP., as Seller

By: 

Name Printed: 

Title: 

Consented and Agreed:

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,as Administrator

By: 

Name Printed: 

Title: 

Consented and Agreed:

[THE PURCHASERS]

ANNEX D 

ANNEX E 

to Fifth Amended And Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement 

FORM OF TRANSFER SUPPLEMENT 

ANNEX E 

Form of Transfer Supplement 

with respect to 

WESCO
Receivables Corp. 

Receivables Purchase Agreement 

[, ] 

Section 1. 

[Commitment assigned: $ _________ 

Assignors remaining Commitment: $ _________ 

Investment allocable to Commitment assigned: $ _________ 

Investment assigned:]1 

Assignors remaining Investment: $ _________ 

Discount (if any) allocable to Investment assigned: $ _________ 

Discount(if any) allocable to Assignors remaining Investment: $ _________ 

Section 2. 

Effective Date of this Transfer Supplement: [] 

Upon execution and delivery of this Transfer Supplement by transferee and transferor and the satisfaction of the other conditions to
assignment specified in [Section 6.3(c)] [Section 6.3(e)] of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, from and after the effective date specified above, the transferee shall become a party to, and have the rights and obligations of a
[Conduit Purchaser] [Related Committed Purchaser] under, the Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 22, 2020 (as amended through the date hereof, the Receivables Purchase Agreement), among WESCO
Receivables Corp., WESCO Distribution, Inc. and various other parties. 

1 

Bracketed language is only applicable to assignments by Related Committed Purchasers pursuant to Section
6.3(c). 

ASSIGNOR: [_________], as a [Related Committed Purchaser for [_______]] [Conduit Purchaser]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ASSIGNEE: [_________], as a [Related Committed Purchaser for [_______]] [Conduit Purchaser]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Address] 

[Commitment Assigned]2

2 

Bracketed language is only applicable to assignments by Related Committed Purchasers pursuant to
Section 6.3(c). 

Accepted as of date first above 

written: 

[___________],

as Purchaser Agent for the

[______] Purchaser Group

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit B 

[Attached] 

Exhibit B-1 

CLOSING CHECKLIST 

RENEWAL AND JOINDER OF ASCENT, LLC 

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

AMONG 

WESCO
RECEIVABLES CORP., 

AS SELLER 

WESCO DISTRIBUTION, INC., 

AS SERVICER 

PNC BANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

AS ADMINISTRATOR 

AND 

THE VARIOUS
CONDUIT PURCHASERS, RELATED COMMITTED PURCHASERS 

AND PURCHASER AGENTS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY THERETO 

FOR FEBRUARY 28, 2025 CLOSING 

Abbreviations: 

Administrator PNC Bank, National Association

Company WESCO Receivables Corp.

Committed Purchasers PNC; Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.; Fifth Third Bank; The Bank of Nova Scotia; Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce; Bank of America; N.A.; The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch; and HSBC Bank USA, National Association

Conduit Purchasers Liberty Street Funding LLC; GTA Funding LLC; Bay Square Funding LLC; Macro Trust; and Reliant Trust

Existing Originators Accu-Tech Corporation; Anixter Inc.; Anixter Power Solutions Inc.; Atlanta Electrical Distributors, LLC; Calvert Wire & Cable Corporation; Carlton-Bates Company; Communications Supply Corporation; Conney Safety Products, LLC;
XpressConnect Supply, LLC, Hi-Line Utility Supply Company, LLC; Hill Country Electric Supply, L.P.; Rahi Systems Inc; TVC Communications, L.L.C.; WESCO Distribution, Inc.; and WESCO Services, LLC

JD Jones Day, as counsel to the Servicer and the Company

Lock-Box Bank TD Bank, N.A.

MB Mayer Brown LLP

MO Counsel Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith LLP

New Originator Ascent, LLC, a Missouri limited liability company

Originators Existing Originators and New Originator

PNC PNC Bank, National Association

Purchaser Agents PNC, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.; Fifth Third Bank; The Bank of Nova Scotia; The Toronto-Dominion Bank; Bank of America; N.A.; Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch, and HSBC Securities USA Inc.

Purchasers Conduit Purchasers and Committed Purchasers

Servicer WESCO Distribution, Inc.

Document

A. MAIN DOCUMENTS

1. Ninth Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement

a. Exhibit A to the Ninth
Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement

2. Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement

3. Joinder to Intercreditor Agreement

4. Amended and Restated Purchaser Group Fee Letter

5. First Deposit Account Control Agreement

6. Second Deposit Account Control Agreement

7. Third Deposit Account Control Agreement

8. Sixteenth Amendment to Lock-Box Schedule Letter Agreement

B. DOCUMENTATION AS TO AUTHORITY, INCUMBENCY AND OTHER MATTERS

9. Secretarys Certificate of Servicer as to:

a. Resolutions of Board of
Directors

b. Certificate of
Incorporation

c. By-laws

d. Incumbency and signature

10. Secretarys Certificate of Company as to:

a. Resolutions of Board of
Directors

b. Certificate of
Incorporation

c. By-laws

d. Incumbency and signature

11. Secretarys Certificate of New Originator as to:

a. Resolutions of Board of
Directors

b. Certificate of
Incorporation

c. By-laws

d. Incumbency and signature

12. Good Standing Certificate for the Servicer from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware

13. Good Standing Certificate for the Company from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware

Document

14. Good Standing Certificate for New Originator from its state of organization

C. LEGAL OPINION

15. Opinion of Counsel to Servicer and Company Re: General Corporate and Enforceability matters and UCC
Security Interest/Perfection matters for the Servicer and the Company

16. Opinion of Counsel to the New Originator Re: Enforceability matters for the New
Originator

17. Opinion of MO Counsel to New Originator Re: General Corporate and Enforceability matters and UCC
Security Interest/Perfection matters for the New Originator

18. Opinion of Counsel to Servicer, New Originator and Company Re: True Sale/Non-Consolidation
matters

D. UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE FILING DOCUMENTATION

19. UCC, judgment, tax and ERISA searches in New Originators state of organization and chief
executive office

20. UCC-1 filing to be made in connection with ABL facility to include satisfactory carve out of
Receivables

21. UCC-1 financing statements naming New Originator as debtor/seller and PNC as the assignee secured
party

22. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (3230286 0) with Wesco Distribution, Inc as
debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

23. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (2009 1187852) with Wesco Distribution, Inc
as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

24. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (2017 7473079) with Wesco Distribution, Inc
as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

25. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (0002440985) with Communications Supply
Corporation as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

26. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (0003212844) with Communications Supply
Corporation as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

27. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (0003382265) with Communications Supply
Corporation as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

Document

28. UCC-3 termination related to UCC-1 (2007 0682350) with Liberty Wire & Cable, Inc. as debtor and
PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

29. UCC-3 termination related to UCC-1 (2017 7473160) with Liberty Wire & Cable, Inc. as debtor
and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

30. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (2007 0682475) with Calvert Wire &
Cable Corporation as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

31. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (2017 7473194) with Calvert Wire &
Cable Corporation as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

32. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (61277381742) with CARLTONBATES
COMPANY as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

33. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (40000158444414) with CARLTONBATES
COMPANY as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

34. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (2010 4463943) with TVC Communications,
L.L.C. as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

35. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (2012 3891860) with CONNEY SAFETY PRODUCTS,
LLC as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

36. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (20468289) with Hi-Line Utility Supply
Company, LLC as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

37. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (15-0020922960) with Hill Country Electric
Supply, L.P. as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

38. UCC-3 termination related to UCC-1 (201524948830) with Needham Electric Supply Corporation as debtor
and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

39. UCC-3 termination related to UCC-1 (2017 0215464) with Needham Electric Supply, LLC as debtor and PNC
Bank, National Association, as secured party

Document

40. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (067-2016-002739) with Atlanta Electrical
Distributors, LLC as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

41. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (2016 3193487) with Atlanta Electrical
Distributors, LLC as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

42. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (2019 6706654) with WESCO SERVICES, LLC as
debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

43. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (0602020-04113) with ACCU-TECH CORPORATION as
debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

44. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (2020 4311801) with Anixter Inc. as debtor
and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

45. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (20200622000520-3) with Anixter Power
Solutions Inc. as debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

46. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (U230030241218) with Rahi Systems Inc as
debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party

47. UCC-3 collateral restatement amendment related to UCC-1 (2024 1541828) XpressConnect Supply, LLC. as
debtor and PNC Bank, National Association, as secured party
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>wcc-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>wcc-20250228_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>wcc-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 
Series A Preferred Stock [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>wcc-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 28, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name WESCO INTERNATIONAL INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000929008

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-14989

Entity Tax Identification Number 25-1723342

Entity Address, Address Line One 225 West Station Square Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 700

Entity Address, City or Town Pittsburgh

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15219

City Area Code (412)

Local Phone Number 454-2200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

Trading Symbol WCC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series A Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock

Trading Symbol WCC PR A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: wcc_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: wcc_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.wesco.com//20250228/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d861758d8k.htm 
wcc-20250228.xsd 
wcc-20250228_def.xml 
wcc-20250228_lab.xml 
wcc-20250228_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-048516-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d861758d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000929008 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

0000929008 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

0000929008 

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

WESCO INTERNATIONAL INC 
false 
0000929008 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
DE 
001-14989 
25-1723342 
225 West Station Square Drive 
Suite 700 
Pittsburgh 
PA 
15219 
(412) 
454-2200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $.01 per share 
WCC 
NYSE 
Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series A Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
WCC PR A 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>