<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001753926-25-000467.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001753926-25-000467.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318170110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753926-25-000467
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250318
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001347242
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41575
		FILM NUMBER:		25749314

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 N LEXINGTON ST
		STREET 2:		STE LL103
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15208
		BUSINESS PHONE:		412-901-0315

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 N LEXINGTON ST
		STREET 2:		STE LL103
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051219
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>g084733_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000134724200013472422025-03-182025-03-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 18, 2025 (March 12, 2025)

Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 005-93847 20-2388040

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

7800
Susquehanna St., Suite 505

Pittsburgh,
PA 15208

(Address
of registrants principal executive office) (Zip
code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (412)894-1853

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which

registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share LIPO The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Offering of Series B Preferred Stock

As previously disclosed in the Current Reports on
Form 8-K filed by Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on December 30, 2024, January 6, 2025, March 3, 2025 and March 11, 2025 (collectively, the Prior Form 8-Ks), the Company
sold an aggregate of 71,115 shares of Series B non-voting convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the
Series B Preferred Stock) to certain investors for
a purchase price of $100 per share in connection with closings (collectively, the Prior Closings) of a best efforts
private placement offering of up to $6,000,000 of shares of Series B Preferred Stock (the Offering) (subject
to a $1,200,000 over-allotment option (the Over-allotment Option)), with Spartan
Capital Securities, LLC (Spartan) providing placement agent and consulting services in connection therewith. 

Final
Closing of the Offering

On
March 12, 2025, in connection with the final closing of the Offering and exercise by Spartan of the remaining portion of the Over-allotment
Option (the Final Closing), the Company formally entered into a subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement)
with an investor (the Final Closing Investor), pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to the Final Closing Investor
885 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and received gross proceeds of $88,500. Such shares of Series B Preferred Stock are convertible
into 40,596 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock) at a conversion price
of $2.18 per share, subject to customary adjustments, which is equal to the Minimum Price (as defined in Rule 5635(d)(1)(A) of The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq)) of the Common Stock immediately prior to the execution of such Subscription Agreement. Other
than the conversion price for such shares of Series B Preferred Stock, the Subscription Agreement between the Company and the Final Closing
Investor is nearly identical to the subscription agreements that were executed in connection with the Prior Closings. The Company received
net proceeds of $73,455 in connection with the Final Closing and currently intends to use all proceeds raised in the Offering for working
capital and general corporate purposes. In connection with the Final Closing, the Company and the Final Closing Investor also entered
into a registration rights agreement (a Registration Rights Agreement), which is nearly identical to the registration rights
agreements executed in connection with the Prior Closings. For additional details regarding the terms of the Subscription Agreements and
Registration Rights Agreements, please see the Prior Form 8-Ks and the applicable exhibits filed therewith.

In
connection with the Final Closing and in accordance with the Spartan Agreements (as defined in the Prior Form 8-Ks), the Company paid
Spartan an aggregate of $15,045 in placement agent and consulting fees and issued to Spartan and its designee (i) an aggregate of 10,326
shares of the Companys Series C voting convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series C Preferred
Stock), and (ii) placement agent warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants) to purchase up to 4,060 shares of Common
Stock. Other than the holders, the number of shares and expiration date, the Placement Agent Warrants are nearly identical to the placement
agent warrants issued to Spartan in connection with the Prior Closings. Also in connection with the Final Closing, pursuant to that certain
irrevocable proxy and power of attorney between Spartan and Jonathan Kaufman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Irrevocable
Proxy), Spartan agreed to grant to Dr. Kaufman all voting power over and power of attorney with respect to all such shares of Series
C Preferred Stock, and all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares or exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants,
issued or issuable to Spartan or its Attribution Parties (as defined in the Irrevocable Proxy) in connection with the Final Closing. For
additional details regarding the terms of the Irrevocable Proxy, such shares of Series C Preferred Stock and the Placement Agent Warrants,
please see the Prior Form 8-Ks and the applicable exhibits filed therewith. 

Such
shares of Series B Preferred Stock were offered and sold to the Final Closing Investor, and such Placement Agent Warrants and shares
of Series C Preferred Stock were issued to Spartan and its designee, as applicable, pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), provided in Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. In connection with the offer, sale and/or issuance of
such securities, the Company relied on the written representations of the Final
Closing Investor, Spartan and its designee, as applicable, that they were each an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D. In addition, neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf offered or sold such securities by any
form of general solicitation or general advertising. 

Offering of Warrants to Purchase Series B Preferred
Stock

Placement Agent Agreement

On March 17, 2025, the Company entered into an additional
placement agent agreement with Spartan (the Placement Agent Agreement), pursuant to which Spartan agreed to serve as exclusive
placement agent for the private offer and sale (the March Offering) of warrants (the Warrants) to purchase
up to 60,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock at a price per Warrant equal to $0.125 in order to comply with applicable Nasdaq rules,
with each Warrant exercisable for shares of Series B Preferred Stock at $100 per share, and such share of Series B Preferred Stock convertible
into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to $2.16 per share, which was the Minimum Price of
the Common Stock immediately prior to the execution of the March Offering Subscription Agreements (as defined below). Pursuant
to the Placement Agent Agreement, an additional 12,000 of Warrants could be offered and sold by Spartan pursuant to a 45-day over-allotment
option (the March Offering Over-allotment Option).

The Placement Agent Agreement provides that upon each
exercise of the Warrants by investors in the March Offering, who were also participants in the Offering (the March Investors),
the Company will (i) pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to ten percent (10%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from
the aggregate exercise price paid by the March Investors, whether such exercises were directly or indirectly the result of Spartans
efforts, (ii) a non-accountable cash fee equal to two percent (2%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from such aggregate exercise
price paid and (iii) issue Spartan (or its designated nominees) warrants to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock (the March
Offering Placement Agent Warrants) equal to ten percent (10%) of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares
of Series B Preferred Stock that may be issued upon such Warrant exercises. Other
than the holders, the number of shares and expiration date, the March Offering Placement Agent Warrants are
nearly identical to the Placement Agent Warrants issued to Spartan in connection with the Offering. In addition, the Company agreed
to reimburse Spartan for up to $50,000 in legal expenses in connection with the March Offering. The Placement Agent Agreement also provides
that (x) if the Company receives an investment (other than in the March Offering) during the period commencing upon the termination of
Spartans engagement under the Placement Agent Agreement and ending one (1) year thereafter from any accredited retail investor
who participated in the March Offering, Spartan will be entitled to a fee equal to ten percent (10%) of the gross amount of such investment
and (y) the Company is prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, from entering into a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Placement
Agent Agreement) until the earlier of (A) ninety (90) days from the termination of the March Offering and (B) ten (10) business days from
the effective date of the Registration Statement (as defined below). The Placement Agent Agreement also contains customary representations
and warranties for a transaction of this type.

Consulting and Advisory Agreement

On March 17, 2025, the Company also entered into an
additional consulting and advisory agreement with Spartan, pursuant to which Spartan agreed to provide the Company with the same advisory
services in connection with the March Offering as provided to the Company in connection with the Offering for a period of eighteen (18)
months from the closing of the March Offering. As compensation for such services, the Company agreed to pay to Spartan a cash fee of up
to an aggregate of $240,000, which amount will be paid out of the escrow account to be established to receive proceeds from Warrant exercises
and which will be paid to Spartan on a pro rata basis at the time of and based upon the amount of such proceeds received. The Company
also agreed issue to Spartan up to an aggregate of 420,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock, which will also be issued to Spartan on
a pro rata basis at the time of and based upon the amount of such proceeds received from Warrant exercises.

Subscription Agreements

On March 17, 2025 and in connection with the March
Offering, the Company formally entered into subscription agreements (each, a March Offering Subscription Agreement) with
the March Investors for the purchase and sale of an aggregate of $9,000 of Warrants upon Spartans full exercise of its March Offering
Over-Allotment Option. The Warrants contain standard adjustment provisions and will be issued in accordance
with, and subject to, a warrant agency agreement, dated March 17, 2025, between the Company and Nevada Agency and Transfer Company (the
Warrant Agency Agreement). Pursuant to each March Offering Subscription Agreement, in
consideration for the ability to participate in the March Offering, each March Investor agreed to surrender the right of participation
that had been granted pursuant to such investors respective Subscription Agreement in connection with the Offering.

Each
March Offering Subscription Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, obligations, indemnification rights and agreements
of the Company and the applicable March Investor. In addition, pursuant to the March Offering Subscription Agreements, the March Investors
were granted the right to participate (on a pro rata basis based on the aggregate Warrant exercise price paid by such March Investor)
in any subsequent financing transaction pursuant to which the Company offers Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the
March Offering Subscription Agreements) at an effective price per share that is lower than the conversion price of the shares of Series
B Preferred Stock then in effect during the six-month period commencing on the later of (x) such March Investors purchase of Warrants
and (y) the effective date of the Registration Statement. The March Offering Subscription Agreements provide that the March Offering will
terminate on the earliest of (i) the date on which $7,500 of Warrants are sold (subject to the March Offering Over-allotment Option),
(ii) the termination date of the March Offering, or (iii) July 15, 2025, subject to extension upon agreement by the Company and Spartan.

Registration Rights

In connection with the March Offering Subscription
Agreements, the Company and each March Investor entered into registration rights agreements (each, a March Offering Registration
Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company is required to file with
the SEC a Registration Statement (as defined in the March Offering Registration Rights Agreements) registering all shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock that may be issued upon exercise of the Warrants within thirty (30)
days after the closing of the March offering (the Filing Deadline), as well as all Filing Default Shares and Effectiveness
Default Shares (each as defined in the March Offering Registration Rights Agreements), and use its commercially reasonable efforts to
have such Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC within sixty (60) days after the earlier of (i) such Filing Deadline or
(ii) the second business day after the date the Company is notified by the SEC that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed (each,
an Effectiveness Deadline). In the event that the Company is not able to file the Registration Statement by the Filing Deadline
or have it declared effective by the SEC by the Effectiveness Deadline, it is required in each case to issue to each March Investor its
pro rata portion of 100,000 shares of Common Stock or an equivalent amount of cash at the Companys option within five (5) days
of the applicable deadline, and such pro rata portion of 100,000 shares of Common Stock or such equivalent amount in cash per month thereafter
until such obligation in fulfilled. 

Pursuant to the Placement Agent Agreement, the Company is also required to file a Registration Statement registering (i) all shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock (the Series C Conversion Shares) issued
to Spartan in connection with each Warrant exercise and (ii) all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each March Offering
Placement Agent Warrant issued to Spartan in connection with each Warrant exercise (the Placement Agent Warrant Shares)
by the Filing Deadline and have such Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC by the Effectiveness Deadline. In the event
that the Company is not able to file such Registration Statement by the Filing Deadline or have it declared effective by the SEC by the
Effectiveness Deadline, the Company is required in each case to issue to Spartan 100,000 shares of Common Stock or an equivalent amount
of cash at the Companys option within five (5) days of the applicable deadline, and 100,000 shares of Common Stock or such equivalent
amount in cash per month thereafter until such obligation in fulfilled.

Irrevocable Proxy and Power of
Attorney

Additionally, in connection with the
March Offering, Dr. Kaufman and Spartan entered into another irrevocable proxy and power of attorney, effective as of March 17, 2025 (the
March Offering Irrevocable Proxy), pursuant to which, among other things, Spartan agreed to grant to Dr. Kaufman all voting
power over and power of attorney with respect to all shares of Series C Preferred Stock, Series C Conversion Shares and Placement Agent
Warrant Shares issued or issuable to Spartan or its Attribution Parties (as defined in the March Offering Irrevocable Proxy) in connection
with the March Offering (collectively, the Proxied Shares). In addition, subject to certain exceptions, Spartan is not permitted
to transfer or sell the applicable Proxied Shares without the Companys prior written consent. Upon such time as the applicable
Series C Conversion Shares and Placement Agent Warrant Shares are registered on the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC,
the rights granted to Dr. Kaufman to such shares pursuant to the March Offering Irrevocable Proxy terminate and revert to Spartan (or
its Attribution Parties), subject to certain exceptions, provided that if the registration of such shares on a Registration Statement
does not occur within six months after the issuance of such Proxied Shares, all such restrictions on Spartans rights to transfer
such Proxied Shares will terminate.

The
Warrants were offered to the March Investors, and the March Offering Placement Agent Warrants and shares of Series C Preferred Stock will
be issued to Spartan and its designee, as applicable, pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder.
In connection with the offer, sale and/or issuance of such securities, the Company relied on the written representations of the
March Investors, Spartan and its designee, as applicable, that they were
each an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D. In addition, neither the Company nor anyone acting
on its behalf offered or sold such securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising.

The foregoing descriptions of the Irrevocable Proxy,
the March Offering Irrevocable Proxy, the Placement Agent Agreement, the Consulting Agreement, the Warrant Agency Agreement and each of
the forms of Subscription Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement, Placement Agent Warrant, Warrant, March Offering Subscription Agreement,
March Offering Registration Rights Agreement and March Offering Placement Agent Warrant do not purport to be complete and are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the full text of each such agreement. The forms of Subscription Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement
and Placement Agent Warrant used in connection with the Offering were filed as Exhibits 10.2, 10.3, and 4.1, respectively, to the Prior
Form 8-Ks and are incorporated herein by reference. The Irrevocable Proxy reflecting the additional securities issued to Spartan and its
designee in connection with the Final Closing is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Form 8-K).The Placement Agent Agreement, the Consulting Agreement, the
March Offering Irrevocable Proxy, the form of March Offering Subscription Agreement, the form of March Offering Registration Rights Agreement,
the Warrant Agency Agreement and the form of Warrant used in connection with the March Offering are filed as Exhibits 10.4, 10.5, 10.6,
10.7, 10.8, 10.9 and 4.2, respectively, to this Form 8-K.Please also refer to Exhibit 4.1 for the form of March Offering
Placement Agent Warrant used in connection with the March Offering, which is also incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing
descriptions of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and the shares of Series C Preferred
Stock that may be issued to Spartan and/or its designees do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference
to the full text of the certificate of designation of preferences, rights and limitations of each of the Series B Preferred Stock
and the Series C Preferred Stock, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 3.1(i)(a), 3.1(i)(b) and 3.1(i)(c) to the Current Report on Form
8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on December 30, 2024 and are incorporated herein by reference.

This Form
8-K contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that express the Companys
intentions, beliefs, expectations, strategies, predictions or any other statements related to the Companys future activities, or
future events or conditions, including without limitation, the Companys intended use of the proceeds raised from the Offering and
the March Offering, the Companys ability to file a Registration Statement and have it declared effective by the SEC, or the Companys
ability to obtain the maximum amount of funds from the March Investors upon the exercise of Warrants. These statements are based on current
expectations, estimates and projections about the Companys business based, in part, on assumptions made by its management. These
statements are not guarantees of future performances and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore,
actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to numerous
factors, including those risks discussed in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports and documents that the Company
files from time to time with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the Company
undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 8-K, except
as required by law.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
applicable disclosure contained in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

3.1(i)(a) Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.1(i)(a) to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein).

3.1(i)(b) Certificate of Correction to the Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.1(i)(b) to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein).

3.1(i)(c) Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.1(i)(c) to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein).

4.1 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein).

4.2 Form of Warrant.

10.1 Irrevocable Proxy and Power of Attorney.

10.2 Form of Subscription Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein).

10.3 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein).

10.4 Placement Agent Agreement, effective March 17, 2025, by and between the Company and Spartan.

10.5 Consulting and Advisory Agreement, dated March 17, 2025, by and between the Company and Spartan.

10.6 March Offering Irrevocable Proxy and Power of Attorney.

10.7 Form of March Offering Subscription Agreement.

10.8 Form of March Offering Registration Rights Agreement.

10.9 Warrant Agency Agreement, effective as of March 17, 2025, between the Company and Nevada Agency and Transfer Company.

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 18, 2025 Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

By: /s/ Jonathan
Kaufman 

Name:
Jonathan Kaufman

Title:
Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>g084733_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES
ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY
MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

LIPELLA
PHARAMCEUTICALS INC.

Warrant Shares: _______ 

Issue Date: ______,
2025

THIS SERIES B PREFERRED
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _________________________ or [his/her/its]
assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or
prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on ______, 20251 (the
Termination Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares of the Companys Series B non-voting convertible
preferred stock, $0.0001 par value (the Preferred Stock) (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares). The purchase price of one share of Preferred Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price,
as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is being issued pursuant to that certain Subscription Agreement, dated on or about the
date hereof, by and between the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times
on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile
copy (or.pdf copy via e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price
for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United
States bank. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in
a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary trading market or stock exchange with respect to the Common Stock, as
in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any
medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has
purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise
is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant
Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in
an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of
Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares
hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on
the face hereof.

1
Nine (9) months from the date of issuance.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Preferred Stock under this Warrant shall be $100.00, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c) [Reserved].

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. Payment upon exercise may be made at the written option of the Warrant Holder pursuant to
the instructions set forth on Exhibit C hereto, in cash, wire transfer or by certified or official bank check payable to the order
of Flagstar Bank, N.A., as Escrow Agent for Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. Account No. ______________ (the Escrow
Agent) equal to the applicable aggregate purchase price, for the number of Warrant Shares specified in such form (as
such exercise number shall be adjusted to reflect any adjustment in the total number of Warrant Shares issuable to the Warrant
Holder per the terms of this Warrant) and the Warrant Holder shall thereupon be entitled to receive the number of duly authorized,
validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares determined as provided herein. The Company shall by the date that
is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) one (1) Trading
Day after release of the aggregate Exercise Price by the Escrow Agent (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date)
issue or cause to be issued and cause to be delivered to or upon the written order of the Warrant Holder and in such name or names
as the Warrant Holder may designate (subject to the restrictions on transfer described in the legend set forth on the face of this
Warrant), a book entry listing or certificate for the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, with such restrictive legend
as required by the Securities Act, as applicable. Any person so designated by the Warrant Holder to receive Warrant Shares shall
be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Warrant Shares as of the Date of Exercise of this Warrant. Upon delivery
of the Notice of Exercise and release of the Exercise Price by the Escrow Agent, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes
to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of
the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares.

2

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall
in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the
Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction
multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

iv. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or
other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the
Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered
for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder
and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental
thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees
to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) as may be required for
same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

v. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this
Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon
exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification
of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Exercise Price of this Warrant and the number of
shares of Preferred Stock at the time issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall remain unchanged.

3

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will
be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could
have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock are to be
determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, by
way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property
or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder
had held the number of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution.

4

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity,
(ii) the Company or any of its subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance
or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, (iii)
any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another individual or entity)
is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting
power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination
(including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another individual
or entity or group of individuals or entities whereby such other individuals or entities or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would
have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the
Holder, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving
corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such
Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately
adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share
of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of
Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the
Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following
such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is
not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of
the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares
of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise
price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of
the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number
of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company
under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision
of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly
and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as
the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section
3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Preferred Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares
and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date..

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.

g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

5

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption
of the shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of any class or of any rights,
(D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock are converted
into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email
to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which
a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to
be taken, the date as of which the holders of the shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend,
distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or stock exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that
holders of the shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock or
Preferred Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or stock exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not
affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice and provided, further that no notice shall
be required if the information is disseminated in a press release or document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder
shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of
the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and
all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender
of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant
substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any
transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination
or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion
of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance
herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

6

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the
Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants
to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue
Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. Nevada Agency and Transfer Company (the Warrant Agent) shall register this Warrant, upon records
to be maintained by the Warrant Agent for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder
hereof from time to time. The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute
owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, this Warrant
shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee
of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any
exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for
distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in
Section 3.

7

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant
Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of
the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate,
if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation,
in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company
covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Preferred
Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights
under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers
who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided
herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the primary trading market or stock exchange
upon which the Common Stock is listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment
for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from
all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and
to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this
Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions
as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable
therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate
in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant
and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary
from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

8

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the
Holders right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails
to comply with any provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the
Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited
to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts
due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase
Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder
for the purchase price of any Preferred Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled
to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert
the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder
and in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement and other Transaction Documents.

9

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions
of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of
this Warrant.

o) Warrant
Agency Agreement. To the extent any provision of this Warrant conflicts with the express provisions of that certain warrant
agency agreement, dated on or about March 17, 2025, between the Company and the Warrant Agent, the provisions of this Warrant shall
govern and be controlling.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first
above indicated.

LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

By: 

Name: Jonathan Kaufman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

11

Exhibit
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO: LIPELLA
PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

(1) 
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer
taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of lawful money of the United States.

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below with the address set
forth below:

(4)
Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investor or Investing Entity: 

________________________________________________________________________ 

Signature
of Investor or Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

_________________________________________________ 

Name
of Authorized Signatory (if applicable): 

___________________________________________________________________ 

Title
of Authorized Signatory (if applicable): 

____________________________________________________________________ 

Date:

_____________________________________________________________________________________

12

Exhibit
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________
__, ______ 

Holders Signature:______________________ 

Name of Authorized
Signatory (if applicable) 

Title of Authorized
Signatory (if applicable) 

Holders Address: 

13

Exhibit
C

PAYMENT
INSTRUCTIONS

Please
send your payment for the Exercise Price payable to the order of Flagstar Bank, N.A., as Escrow Agent for Lipella Pharmaceuticals
Inc. Account No. .

For
wiring funds directly to the escrow account, use the following instructions:

Bank
Name: Flagstar Bank, N.A. 

[]

Acct. Name: []

ABA Number: []

SWIFT Code: []

A/C Number: []

FBO: [ ]
Your/Investor Name

[ ]
Your Tax ID or Social Security Number 

[ ]
Your Address

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>g084733_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Irrevocable
Proxy and Power of Attorney

Pursuant
to that certain (i) consulting agreement and advisory agreement, by and between Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Corporation), and Spartan Capital Securities, LLC, including any designee thereof (Spartan),
dated as of December 5, 2024, as amended by that certain Amendment to Consulting Agreement and Placement Agent Agreement (the
Amendment), dated December 10, 2024 (the Consulting Agreement), the Corporation is obligated to issue
to Spartan up to 1,050,000 shares (Consultant Shares) of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001
per share, of the Corporation (the Series C Preferred Stock), convertible into up to 1,050,000 shares (Conversion
Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation (the Common Stock) in consideration
for advisory and consultant services that have been and will be rendered by Spartan and (ii) placement agent agreement, dated
December 5, 2024, as amended the Amendment, by and between the Corporation and Spartan (the Placement Agent Agreement),
the Corporation has agreed to issue Spartan common stock purchase warrants exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock
(collectively, the Warrant Shares) equal to 10% of the number of shares of Series B non-voting convertible preferred
stock of the Corporation, par value $0.0001 per share, sold in a private placement by the Corporation (the Offering)
for which Spartan is serving as placement agent. Spartan is executing this Irrevocable Proxy and Power of Attorney (this Irrevocable
Proxy) as a material inducement for the Corporations entering into the Consulting Agreement and the Placement Agent
Agreement.

Upon
the issuance of any and all Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable), Spartan (x) will be the
record holder of the Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable) and (y) will have good and valid
title to such Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable), free and clear of any liens or restrictions
on transfer except as provided herein and in the Consulting Agreement and Placement Agent Agreement. Upon the issuance by the
Corporation of a number of Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable) to Spartan and/or its Affiliates
(as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) or any other person or entity acting as a group together
with Spartan and such Affiliates (such persons, Attribution Parties), Spartan (and such other Attribution Parties,
if any) hereby irrevocably appoints Dr. Jonathan Kaufman, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation (the Principal Stockholder),
and any designee of the Principal Stockholder as the proxy and attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
to represent and vote the aggregate number of Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable), held
by Spartan (and such Attribution Party, if any) (such shares collectively, the Proxied Shares), whether at a meeting
of the shareholders of the Corporation or by any consent to any action taken by such shareholders without a meeting, with respect
to any and all matters presented to the shareholders of the Corporation for vote or for action without a meeting. Such irrevocable
appointment to the Principal Stockholder of the aforementioned rights to the Proxied Shares shall be evidenced by the signature
of each of Spartan, such Attribution Party (if any) and the Principal Stockholder on the row of Schedule I attached hereto
corresponding to such Proxied Shares. This proxy and power of attorney granted by Spartan (and any other Attribution Party, if
any) shall be irrevocable during its term and shall be deemed to be coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable
proxy. Spartan authorizes the Principal Stockholder to file this Irrevocable Proxy and any substitution or revocation with the
Corporation so that the existence of this Irrevocable Proxy is noted on the books and records of the Corporation. The power of
attorney granted by Spartan herein is a durable power of attorney and shall survive the dissolution, bankruptcy, death or incapacity
of Spartan.

During
the effectiveness of this Irrevocable Proxy, the Principal Stockholder shall have all the voting power and all power to grant
consent that Spartan (or an Attribution Party, if any) would possess by virtue of being the holder of the Consultant Shares, Conversion
Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable). Upon each signature by Spartan (and any other Attribution Party) on Schedule
I with respect to Proxied Shares, Spartan and such Attribution Party hereby ratifies and confirms all acts that the Principal
Stockholder will do or cause to be done with respect to such Proxied Shares by virtue of and within the limitations set forth
in this Irrevocable Proxy.

This
Irrevocable Proxy is binding on Spartans heirs, estate, executors, personal representatives, successors, and assigns (including
any transferee of any of the Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable)) to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable law.

Spartan
shall not dispose of, pledge, sell, convey, assign, hypothecate, or otherwise transfer (each, a Transfer) number
of Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable) without the express prior consent of the Corporation
and shall provide the Corporation with at least five (5) Business Days prior notice of its intention to effect a Transfer
to a non-Attribution Party. Business Day shall mean any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a
federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed and/or The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC is not open for at least five (5) hours of trading. Spartan shall inform the Corporation of any pledge of Proxied
Shares made prior to the date of this Irrevocable Proxy. Except pursuant to this Irrevocable Proxy, as of the date hereof, no
person or entity other than Spartan or an Attribution Party has any contractual or other right or obligation to purchase or otherwise
acquire any of the Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable). Upon the registration of the reoffer
and resale of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares (as applicable) listed on Schedule I, the appointment of voting
power granted to the Principal Stockholder shall immediately terminate with respect to such respective Conversion Shares and the
corresponding Consultant Shares, and Warrant Shares (as applicable) and all restrictions on, and consents required for, Transfers
of the Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares shall terminate, provided, that Spartan hereby agrees that
neither Spartan, the other Attribution Parties nor their respective designees, successors or assigns, shall Transfer any Consultant
Shares, Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares to a non-Attribution Party (other than to the Corporation or the Principal Stockholder)
(i) whose business is directly or indirectly competitive with the business of the Corporation as it is being conducted or planned
to be conducted at the time of such proposed disposition, or (ii) who intends to or has taken action, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions, towards obtaining an ownership interest in the Corporation for purposes of effecting (x)
a change of control of the Corporation (as such term is defined under Section 203 of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware), (y) a sale or all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or (z) a change to the board
of directors or management of the Corporation at the time of such proposed disposition, (iii) if such disposition will, to Spartans
knowledge, result in such third party (together with all of such third partys affiliates (as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) and any other persons acting as a group together with such third party) being deemed
a beneficial owner (as defined under Rule 13d-3) of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately
after giving effect to such disposition. In addition, this Irrevocable Proxy shall terminate with respect to Consultant Shares,
Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares (as applicable) upon each disposition of Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares (as applicable) by an Attribution Party to a non-Attribution Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Transfer of Consultant
Shares, Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares by Spartan (or any other Attribution Party) to an Attribution Party shall only become
effective upon such transferees delivery of a completed and executed Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form attached
hereto as Schedule II. The Company undertakes to include the maximum possible number of Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares
in the initial registration statement filed in connection with the Offering and in each subsequent registration statement, as
needed, and agrees to lift all Transfer and notice restrictions six months after any issuance if such Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares are not then registered for resale.

This
Irrevocable Proxy may be amended or supplemented, and any obligation of an Attribution Party may be waived, only with the prior
written consent of the Corporation. No waivers of any breach of this Irrevocable Proxy extended by the Corporation to any Attribution
Party shall be construed as a waiver of any rights or remedies of the Corporation or with respect to any subsequent breach.

This
Irrevocable Proxy shall be governed by, and construed under, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of
conflict of laws. In case any provision of this Irrevocable Proxy shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall to the
extent practicable, be modified so as to make it valid, legal and enforceable and to retain as nearly as practicable the intent
of the Corporation and Spartan (and any other Attribution Party, if any) represented by such invalidated term, and the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

In
the event that any signature hereto is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an e-mail which contains a portable document
format (.pdf) file of an executed signature page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original
thereof.

[signature
page follows]

Spartan,
hereby revoking any and all prior proxies granted by Spartan with respect to the Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares (as applicable), has executed this Irrevocable Proxy on the date set forth below to be deemed effective as of December
20, 2024.

SPARTAN CAPITAL SECURITIES,
LLC

By: /s/ Kim
Monchik

Name: Kim Monchik

Title: Chief Administrative Officer

Date: 12/20/2024

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED TO BY:

/s/
Jonathan Kaufman 

Name: Jonathan Kaufman 

Date: December
20, 2024 

Schedule
I

Date Number
of Conversion 

Shares as of such date Number
of Warrant 

Shares as of such 

date Signature
of Authorized 

Signatory of Spartan (and/or 

Attribution Party, if any) Acknowledgement
and Acceptance of 

Principal Stockholder

12/23/2024 182,076 85,421 Signature:
/s/ Kim Monchik Signature:
/s/ Jonathan Kaufman

12/23/2024 78,032 0 Signature:
/s/ Eric Meyer 

12/31/2024 30,053 11,795 Signature:
/s/ Kim Monchik Signature:
/s/ Jonathan Kaufman

12/31/2024 12,880 0 Signature:
/s/ Eric Meyer 

2/27/2025 309,353 88,083 Signature:
/s/ Kim Monchik Signature:
/s/ Jonathan Kaufman

2/27/2025 132,580 37,750 Signature:
/s/ Eric Meyer 

3/10/2025 59,290 20,247 Signature:
/s/ Kim Monchik Signature:
/s/ Jonathan Kaufman

3/10/2025 25,410 8,677 Signature:
/s/ Eric Meyer

3/13/2025 7,228 2,842 Signature:
/s/ Kim Monchik Signature:
/s/ Jonathan Kaufman

3/13/2025 3,098 1,218 Signature:
/s/ Eric Meyer

Schedule
II

Joinder
Agreement

In
connection with the Transfer from [Spartan/other Attribution Party] to the undersigned of
[Consultant Shares/Conversion Shares/Warrant Shares], the undersigned is executing and delivering this Joinder Agreement to the
Irrevocable Proxy and Power of Attorney, dated as of December 20, 2024 (the Irrevocable Proxy). Terms used but not
defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them as in the Irrevocable Proxy.

By
executing and delivering this Joinder Agreement to the Corporation and [Spartan/ other Attribution
Party], the undersigned hereby agrees to become a party to, to be bound by, and to comply with the provisions of the Irrevocable
Proxy in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Irrevocable Proxy. This Joinder Agreement shall
become an integral part of, and undersigned shall become a party to and be bound by the Irrevocable Proxy upon execution and delivery
of this Joinder Agreement by the undersigned.

Accordingly,
the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder Agreement as of ,
.

________________________

Address
for notices:

Email:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>g084733_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

PLACEMENT
AGENT AGREEMENT

March
17, 2025

Spartan
Capital Securities, LLC 

45
Broadway 

New
York, New York 10006

Re: Placement
Agent Agreement

Gentlemen:

This
letter (this Agreement) is in confirmation of our agreement with you pertaining to the private offering (the
Offering) coordinated by Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (the Placement Agent, Spartan
or you) as exclusive placement agent for the offer and sale of warrants (the Warrants)
to purchase up to 60,000 shares of Series B non-voting convertible preferred stock of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company),
par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares), with each Share convertible into shares of common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock), provided, that the Placement Agent may increase the
maximum Offering amount of Warrants by up to twenty percent (20%) (resulting in the issuance of additional Warrants to purchase
up to 12,000 Shares) in order to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Option). Upon execution of this
Agreement, the following terms and conditions shall constitute a legally binding agreement on the part of the parties executing
this Agreement.

SECTION
1. Description of Securities

(a) The
Warrants to be offered and sold in the Offering will be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act) in reliance on Rule 506(b) of the Securities Act. The Offering shall conform in all
material respects to the description thereof contained in the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum that shall be prepared
by the Company (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and including all exhibits and appendices attached
thereto, the Memorandum), which shall contain, among other things, (i) a description of the Company and its
business, assets, prospects and management; (ii) the terms and conditions of the Offering; (iii) a description of the Warrants
being offered and the underlying Shares; and (iv) certain financial information. The final form of the Memorandum shall be
subject to the review and approval of the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent shall be entitled to rely on the accuracy and completeness
of all information provided by the Company, including information incorporated by reference in the Memorandum. Additionally, representatives
of the Company shall be available to answer questions of, and to provide additional information to, the Placement Agent and any
potential investors in the Offering (the Investors).

(b) The
Offering will be conducted to raise from Investors a maximum of $7,500 from the sale of the Warrants and up to $6,000,000 from
the exercise of the Warrants, (in each case subject to the Over-Allotment Option), with a conversion price of the Shares based
on the most recent closing price per share of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market immediately preceding the date on
which such Investors subscribe for the Warrants.

SECTION
2. Representations and Warranties

(i)
The Company represents and warrants to Spartan as follows:

(a) The Company has full corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the consummation by
the Company of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance by the Company with the terms of this Agreement have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, and when duly executed and delivered by the Company this
Agreement will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms except: (i)
as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of
general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions
may be limited by applicable law.

(b) The execution, delivery and the performance of this Agreement, and the issuance of the Warrants, do not, and will not at each
closing of the Offering (each a Closing), conflict with the Companys Second Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended (Certificate of Incorporation), or Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (Bylaws),
or result in a breach of any terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, any contract, agreement or instrument to which
the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound.

(c) From the date of commencement of sales of the Warrants until completion of the Offering, the Memorandum will not contain an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none
of the representations and warranties set forth in this paragraph applies to any statements in and/or omissions from the Memorandum
made in reliance on or in conformity with information produced in writing to the Company by Spartan expressly for inclusion in
the Memorandum. The Company confirms that statistical market and industry data included in the Memorandum shall be based on or
derived from sources believed to be reliable and accurate.

(d) The Company is, and at each Closing will be, a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company has, and at each Closing will have, the power and authority to conduct all of
the activities conducted by it, to own or lease all of the assets owned or leased by it and to conduct its business as described
in the Memorandum. The Company is, and at each Closing will be, duly licensed or qualified to do business and in good standing
as a foreign corporation in all jurisdictions in which the nature of the activities conducted by it or the character of the assets
owned or leased by it makes such license or qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have
a material adverse effect on the Company.

2

(e) Except as reflected in its SEC Reports (as defined below) and in the Memorandum, and as issued in connection with the Offering,
the Company does not have outstanding, and at each Closing will not have outstanding, any stock options to purchase, or any rights
or warrants to subscribe for, or any securities or obligations convertible into or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell,
shares of the Common Stock or any such options, rights, warrants, convertible securities or obligations.

(f) The Company has no subsidiaries, nor does it have any equity interest in any partnership, joint venture, association or other
entity, except as described in the SEC Reports.

(g) Except as disclosed in the Companys SEC Reports, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending, or to the knowledge
of the Company threatened, against or affecting the Company or its business, financial condition, results of operations or material
properties before or by any federal or state court, commission, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental body,
domestic or foreign, wherein an unfavorable ruling, decision or finding would materially and adversely affect (i) the Company
or its businesses, financial condition, results of operations or material properties taken as a whole, or (ii) the ability of
the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(h) The Company is not in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
nor the issuance and sale of the Warrants sold in the Offering, nor the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated herein,
nor the compliance by the Company with the terms and provisions hereof has conflicted with or will conflict with or has resulted
in or will result in a breach of, any of the terms and provisions of, or has constituted or will constitute a default under, or
has resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any material property or
assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement or any other
agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the property or
assets of the Company is subject; nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws or any statute, order, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or of any federal, state or other judicial, administrative
or regulatory authority or other government body having jurisdiction over the Company.

(i) The Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants will, upon issuance, assuming the payment of the applicable exercise price therefore,
be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Neither the Warrants nor the Shares will be subject to the preemptive rights
of any security holder. As of each Closing, the issuance and sale of the Warrants will have been duly and validly authorized by
all required corporate action.

(j) All issued and outstanding securities of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and the outstanding securities
of the Company are fully paid and non-assessable; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the pre-emptive rights
of any holders of any security of the Company.

3

(k) The Company has good and marketable title to all properties and assets free and clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances or restrictions,
except such liens, charges, encumbrances or restrictions as incurred in the ordinary course of business and such liens, charges,
encumbrances or restrictions as are not material to the business of the Company or such encumbrances which will not have a material
adverse effect on the Companys property or assets. The Company has valid and enforceable leases or licenses for the material
properties as used by it in the operation of its business. All rentals, royalties or other payments accruing under any such licenses
or leases which became due prior to the date of this Agreement have been duly paid, and neither the Company nor to the Companys
knowledge any other party is in material default thereunder, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred which,
with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both would constitute a material default thereunder.

(l) All taxes which are due from the Company have been paid in full (or adequate accruals for the payment thereof have been provided
for in its accounting records) except such taxes as are not material to the business of the Company or which will not have a material
adverse effect on the Companys property or assets. The Company has filed all federal, state, municipal and local tax returns
relating to the Company (whether relating to income, sales, franchise, withholding, real or personal property or other types of
taxes) required to be filed under the laws of the United States and applicable states or has duly obtained extensions of time
for the filing thereof, except for such tax returns that have not been filed and such failure to file will not have a material
adverse effect on the Companys business. The tax returns heretofore filed by the Company correctly reflects the amount
of the Companys tax liability thereunder. The Company has withheld, collected and paid all other material levies, assessments,
license fees and taxes to the extent required and, with respect to payments, to the extent that the same have become due and payable.
The Company has not executed or filed with any taxing authority, foreign or domestic, any agreement extending the period for assessment
or collection of any income taxes nor is either a party to any pending action or proceeding by any foreign or domestic governmental
agency for assessment or collection of taxes; and no claims for assessment or collection of taxes have been asserted against the
Company.

(m) Except for the filing of a Form D under the Securities Act and any requirement to obtain the approval of the stockholders of the
Company for the issuance of the Companys securities in connection with this Offering and the Advisory Agreement (as defined
below) in accordance with the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, and other than as may be required under applicable
state securities or Blue Sky laws, no authorization, approval, consent, order, registration, certification, license or permit
of any court or governmental agency or body, is required for the valid authorization, issuance, sale and delivery of the Warrants,
subject to compliance by Spartan and the Investors with regulations regarding an offering to accredited investors under Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act.

(n) The Company has not directly or indirectly, at any time, (A) made any contributions to any candidate for political office, or
failed to disclose fully any such contribution in violation of law or (B) made any payment to any state, federal or foreign governmental
officer or official, or other person charged with similar public or quasi-public duties, other than payments or contributions
required or allowed by applicable law.

4

(o) The Company is not disqualified from the exemption under Rule 506 contained in Regulation D by virtue of the disqualifications
contained in Rule 506(d), or the exemption under Regulation D by virtue of the disqualifications contained in Rule 507.

(p) Other than any payments to H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (Wainwright) pursuant to the Engagement Letter,
dated as of October 20, 2023, between the Company and Wainwright, or the Engagement Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, by and between
the Company and Wainwright, or to Spartan hereunder or pursuant to that certain Consulting Agreement and Advisory Agreement entered
by and between the Company and Spartan dated of even date herewith (the Advisory Agreement), the Company
has not incurred any liability for any finders fee or similar payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated.
The Company has not engaged any other party to offer for sale the Warrants.

(q) The Company owns or possesses or can acquire on reasonable terms adequate and enforceable rights to use all trademarks, service
marks, copyrights, patent rights, trade secrets or other confidential information currently used in the conduct of its business
as disclosed in the Memorandum (the Intangibles). To the Companys knowledge, the Company is not infringing
upon the rights of others with respect to the Intangibles and has not received any notice of conflict with the asserted rights
of others with respect to the Intangibles which could, singly or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect the Companys
business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects, and the Company does not know of any basis therefore. To the
Companys knowledge, no other party has infringed upon the Intangibles.

(r) The Company has filed or furnished all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed or furnished
by it under the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (including
all required exhibits thereto), including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the 12 months preceding the date hereof
(or such shorter period as the Company was required by law to file such material) (the foregoing materials, as the same may be
amended, and including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports), and any notices, reports or other filings pursuant to applicable requirements of the
OTCQB quotation system (the Trading Market), on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such
time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports and notices, reports or other filings pursuant to applicable requirements of
the Trading Market prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (Commission) promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports,
when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial
statements (i) have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements
or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and (ii) fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, year-end audit adjustments.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has no material liability of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent
or otherwise) that is required by GAAP to be included in such financial statements other than liabilities arising after the date
of the most recent balance sheet included in such financial statements which were incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice.

5

(s) Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in
the SEC Reports and in the Memorandum, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably
be expected to result in a material adverse effect on the Companys business, operating results, financial condition or
prospects, except as has been reasonably cured by the Company, (ii) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or required
to be disclosed in filings made with the Commission, or (C) liabilities related to loans from its Chief Executive Officer consistent
with past practices, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting except as otherwise required pursuant to GAAP,
(iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased,
redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, and (v) the Company has not issued any
equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate (as that term is defined in the Exchange Act), except pursuant to existing
Company stock option and incentive plans or as otherwise permitted by Section 2(e).

(ii) 
The Placement Agent represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

(a) 
The Placement Agent is, and at each Closing, will be, a limited liability company, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of formation. The Placement Agent is, and at each Closing will be, duly licensed and qualified in
good standing as a broker-dealer authorized to conduct private placements under the rules and regulations of the Commission and
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) and in all states in which it will offer the Warrants
pursuant to the Memorandum, except in which states the Placement Agent is exempt from registration or licensing or such registration
or licensing is not required. There are no proceedings pending or threatened against Placement Agent to revoke or limit such status.
The Placement Agent agrees to maintain its registration or licenses, or its exemption therefrom, in good standing throughout the
term of the Offering of the Warrants and agrees to comply with all statues and other regulations applicable to it with respect
to its activities.

6

(b) 
This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Placement Agent and is a valid and binding agreement on
its part. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated herein,
nor the compliance by the Placement Agent with the terms and provisions hereof has conflicted with or will conflict with or has
resulted in or will result in a breach of, any of the terms and provisions of, or has constituted or will constitute a default
under, or has resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or
assets of the Placement Agent pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which the Placement Agent is a party or by which the Placement Agent may be bound or to
which any of its properties or assets is subject; nor will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the certificate
of incorporation or the bylaws of the Placement Agent or any statute, order, rule or regulation applicable to the Placement Agent
or of any federal, state or other judicial, administrative or regulatory authority or other government body having jurisdiction
over the Placement Agent.

(c)
There is no event with respect to the Placement Agent (i) that would make the Offering ineligible for reliance on Rule 506 under
the Securities Act as a result of the application of Rule 506(d) under the Securities Act, or (ii) that is required to be disclosed
in the Memorandum as a result of the application of Rule 506(e) under the Securities Act.

SECTION
3. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Warrants; Closing; Escrow

(a) On
the basis of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions herein set
forth, the Company hereby appoints the Placement Agent as exclusive agent for the Companys offer and sale to accredited
investors, as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D, as promulgated under the Securities Act, of the Warrants.
The Placement Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to use its reasonable best efforts as agent for the Company to
sell the Warrants. The Offering will commence at such time as the Offering Documents (as defined below) are in a form satisfactory
to Placement Agent and shall terminate upon the earlier of the date on which all 60,000 of Warrants are sold in the Offering (subject
to the Over-Allotment Option) or the Offering Expiration Date (as defined below), or such later date as may be agreed upon by
the Company and the Placement Agent (such period, the Offering Period).

(b) The
parties hereto shall enter into an escrow agreement at or prior to the initial Closing with Flagstar Bank N.A. located in New
York, New York, as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent), or such other escrow agent as may be mutually agreed
upon by the parties hereto. The Company will receive all funds for the purchase of the Warrants from the Investors in connection
with the Offering. The Investors will pay the exercise price of the Warrants directly to the Escrow Agent and the escrow agreement
will provide for the direct disbursement of all net proceeds from the Warrant exercises and the payment of certain expenses and
fees as described herein and in the Advisory Agreement.

SECTION
4. Placement Agent Compensation:

(a) The
Company, upon each exercise of the Warrants by the Investors subsequent to a Closing of the Offering, shall pay to the Placement
Agent a placement fee equal to ten percent (10%) of the gross proceeds derived from the aggregate exercise price paid by such
Investors upon such exercises of the Warrants (the Placement Agent Fee), in cash, whether such exercise was
directly the result of the Placement Agents efforts or any other party utilized by the Placement Agent that is legally
permitted to effect such sales (including, but not limited to, FINRA members, as selling agents, which the Placement Agent may
permit to participate in the Offering). The Placement Agent Fees are to be deducted by the Escrow Agent from the funds received
by the Escrow Agent at upon each Warrant exercise.

7

(b) As
additional compensation for Placement Agents services, the Company shall grant and deliver to the Placement Agent (or its
designated nominees), upon each exercise of the Warrants by the Investors subsequent to a Closing of the Offering, warrants to
purchase a number of shares of Common Stock (the Placement Agent Warrants) equal to ten percent (10%) of
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Shares issued upon such exercise. The Placement Agent
Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five (5)-year period after the date of issuance, shall have an exercise price
of $1.00 per share and shall contain provisions pertaining to cashless exercise, standard anti-dilution protection and piggyback
registration rights as are customarily contained in warrants received by a placement agent in similar transactions.

(c) If
the Company receives an investment (other than in the Offering) during the period commencing upon the termination of Placement
Agents engagement hereunder and ending one (1) year thereafter from any accredited retail investor who participated in
the Offering, the Placement Agent shall be entitled to a fee equal to ten percent (10%) of the gross amount of such investment.

SECTION
5. Offering Documents

The
Company will deliver to Placement Agent, without charge, as many copies as Placement Agent reasonably requests of the Memorandum,
including any exhibits attached thereto (the Offering Documents). All mailing and other expenses associated
with distribution of the Offering Documents to any person, including, without limitation, potential investors, shall be paid by
the Company. If during the offering period the Company becomes aware of any event, as a result of which the Memorandum, as then
amended or supplemented, would include an untrue statement of a material fact, or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements made in light of the circumstances in which they were made not misleading, or if it shall be necessary
to amend or supplement the Memorandum to comply with applicable law, the Company shall forthwith notify the Placement Agent thereof,
and furnish to the Placement Agent in such quantities as may be reasonably requested, an amendment or amended and supplemented
Memorandum which corrects such statements or omissions or causes the Memorandum to comply with applicable law. Prior to the final
Closing or earlier termination of the Offering, no copies of the Memorandum or any exhibit thereto, or any material prepared by
the Company in connection with the Offering will be given without the prior written permission of the Placement Agent which permission
will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, by the Company or its counsel or by any principal or agent of the Company to any
person not a party to this Agreement, unless (i) such person is a director or principal shareholder of, counsel to, accountant
for, or directly employed by, the Company, or is named in the Memorandum (ii) such delivery is made to a state or federal
regulatory agency in connection with a specific legal requirement of the Offering, or (iii) such delivery is required pursuant
to the order of a court, a state or federal regulatory agency or applicable law.

8

SECTION
6. Covenants

(a) The Company covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(i) 
The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering in the manner set forth under the heading USE OF PROCEEDS
in the Memorandum.

(ii) 
The Company shall file a registration statement (the Registration Statement) registering the reoffer and
resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Shares underlying the issued Warrants, all shares of Common
Stock underlying the Placement Agent Warrants issuable to the Placement Agent pursuant to section 4(b) of this Agreement and all
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Companys shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock), issued to the Placement Agent pursuant to Section 3 of
the Advisory Agreement within thirty (30) days of the first closing of the Offering (the Initial Filing Deadline)
and thirty (30) days following each subsequent closing (together with the Initial Filing Deadline, the Filing Deadlines).
If the Company does not file a Registration Statement on or prior to the applicable Filing Deadline or does not obtain effectiveness
from the SEC within sixty (60) days from the applicable Filing Deadline (the Effectiveness Deadline), the
Company shall issue to the Placement Agent 100,000 shares of Common Stock (or at the Companys option, its cash equivalent
at that time) within five 5 days of missing either a Filing Deadline or Effectiveness Deadline and 100,000 shares of Common Stock
(or at the Companys option, its cash equivalent at that time) per month thereafter, until the obligation is fulfilled.
If a Registration Statement registering the reoffer and resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Shares
underlying the Warrants, all shares of Common Stock underlying the Placement Agent Warrants issuable to the Placement Agent pursuant
to section 4(b) of this Agreement and all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock issuable
to the Placement Agent pursuant to Section 3 of the Advisory Agreement is not declared effective by the SEC within ninety (90)
days of the final Closing of the Offering, the Company agrees that, without the Placement Agents consent, it shall not
(i) directly or indirectly, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option
or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer or dispose of any Common Stock or any
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, (ii) enter into any swap or any other agreement or
any transaction that transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of the Common
Stock, whether any such swap or transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock
or such other securities, in cash or otherwise or (iii) publicly announce an intention to effect any such swap, agreement or other
transaction described in clauses; provided however that such prohibitions shall not apply to an Exempt Issuance (as defined in
Section 6(a)(vii)).

(iii) 
[Reserved].

9

(iv) 
Contemporaneous with the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall enter into the Advisory Agreement with the Placement Agent.

(v) 
The Company shall make all blue sky filings required in connection with the Offering.

(vi) 
The Company shall keep the Registration Statement effective until the earlier of (i) the date upon which all such shares of Common
Stock registered thereon may be sold without registration under Rule 144 or (ii) the date which is six months after the expiration
of the Placement Agent Warrants.

(vii) 
Provided that at least 60,000 of Warrants are sold in the Offering on or before the Offering Expiration Date, the Company shall
be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company of Common Stock, or any securities
of the Company which entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt,
preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock (Common Stock Equivalents) (or a combination
of units thereof), involving a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Placement Agent Agreement) without the Placement Agents
consent, other than in connection with an Exempt Issuance (as defined below), until the earlier of (i) ninety (90) days after
the termination of the Offering and (ii) ten (10) business days after the effective date of the Registration Statement. The Placement
Agent shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in
addition to any right to collect damages, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any
equity or debt securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional
shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price
that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance
of such equity or debt securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some
future date after the initial issuance of such equity or debt security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events
directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock (including, without limitation,
any full ratchet or weighted average anti-dilution provisions, but not including any standard anti-dilution
protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other similar transaction), (ii) issues
or sells any equity or debt securities, including without limitation, Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, either (A) at
a price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon
the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for
the Common Stock (other than standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock
split or other similar transaction), or (B) that are subject to or contain any put, call, redemption, buy-back, price-reset or
other similar provision or mechanism (including, without limitation, a Black-Scholes put or call right, other than
in connection with a fundamental transaction) that provides for the issuance of additional equity securities of
the Company or the payment of cash by the Company, or (iii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity
line of credit (other than with the Placement Agent) or at the market offering or other continuous offering
or similar offering of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, whereby the Company may sell Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
at a future determined price. Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) Common Stock, options or other
equity incentive awards to employees, officers, directors, consultants or vendors of the Company pursuant to any equity incentive
plan duly adopted for such purpose, by the Companys Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of the
Board of Directors established for such purpose, (b) (1) any securities issued in connection with this Offering or pursuant to
the Advisory Agreement, (2) any securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents held by the Investors or any of its Affiliates at any time, or (3) any securities issued upon the
exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Common Stock Equivalents issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided
that such securities referred to in this clause (3) have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number
of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or (c) securities
issued pursuant to acquisitions, divestitures, licenses, partnerships, collaborations or strategic transactions approved by the
Companys board of directors or a majority of the members of a committee of directors established for such purpose, which
acquisitions, divestitures, licenses, partnerships, collaborations or strategic transactions can have a Variable Rate Transaction
component, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or
through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall
provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which
the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities.

10

(b) The
Placement Agent covenants and agrees with the Company as follows:

(i) 
Pursuant to its appointment hereunder, insofar as is under its control, the Placement Agent will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to conduct the Offering in the manner prescribed by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and in this regard will:

(A) Refrain
from making any oral or written representations beyond those contained in the Memorandum;

(B) Refrain
from offering, offering for sale or selling any of the Warrants, or inducing any exercises of the Warrants, by means of any form
of general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D;

(C) Prior
to the sale of any of the Warrants, have reasonable grounds to believe based solely on each subscribers Offering Documents
that each subscriber is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D;

(D) Based
solely on the representation of the subscriber in its Offering Documents, have no reason to believe that the subscriber is acquiring
the Warrants for other than his, her or its own account;

11

(E) Provide
each offeree with a copy of the Memorandum during the course of the Offering;

(F) During
the course of the Offering, if it has been provided with a supplement or amendment to the Memorandum, promptly distribute such
supplement or amendment to persons who previously received a copy of the Memorandum from it and whom it believes continue to be
interested in the Offering, and include such supplement or amendment in all deliveries of the Memorandum made after receipt of
any such supplement or amendment; and

(G) Obtain
a completed investor questionnaire from each prospective investor in the Offering.

(ii) Upon receipt of each subscription agreement entered into with, and any funds paid by, Investors, the Placement Agent will promptly
deliver any accompanying check, bank draft or money order to the Company for deposit in the account designated for the receipt
of funds from Investors participating in the Offering; except that it may promptly return all Offering Documents and funds to
any Investor whom it determines, based solely on a review of the Offering Documents, is not an accredited investor within the
meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D or whose check, bank draft or money order representing subscription funds is improperly
drawn.

SECTION
7. Expenses

(a) The
Company, upon each closing of the Offering, will pay and bear all costs, fees, taxes and expenses incident to the performance
of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, all fees and expenses of counsel for the
Company and of the Companys accountants, transfer agents and any special agents appointed for the transfer of securities
and the Escrow Agent, all blue sky filing fees, disbursements, registration expenses and qualification expenses
required as part of the Offering and the expenses and taxes incident to:

(i) the issuance of the Warrants pursuant to the Offering Documents; and

(ii) all transfer taxes with respect to the sale and delivery of the Warrants sold pursuant to the Offering Documents.

The
Company shall pay an accountable fee for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the Offering. All such expenses must
be approved in advance and in writing by the Company prior to incurring the expense. In addition, the Company will be responsible
for $50,000 of Spartans legal expenses, payable at the first Closing. All such expenses shall be paid from the first Closing
of the Offering and any additional Closings thereafter, or from the first funds received from the Warrant exercises.

(b) The Company shall pay to the Placement Agent a 2% non-accountable cash fee of the aggregate exercise price received by the Company
from each Warrant exercise subsequent to a Closing, payable to the Placement Agent upon each such exercise.

12

SECTION
8. Conditions of Placement Agents Obligations

Spartans
obligations under this Agreement to act as a placement agent hereunder are subject (as of the date hereof and as of each Closing),
to the accuracy of and compliance with the representations and warranties of the Company and to the accuracy of the statements
of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof and to the performance by each of the Company of its covenants and agreements
hereunder, and to the following additional conditions:

(a) From
and after the respective dates as of which information is given in the Memorandum:

(i) there shall not have been any change in the capital stock of the Company or any material change in the long-term debt of the Company,
except as set forth in or contemplated by the Memorandum and except to amend the certificate of designation for the Series C Preferred
Stock to increase the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock designated in order to permit the issuance of the maximum number
of such shares issuable to the Placement Agent pursuant to Section 3 of the Advisory Agreement;

(ii) 
there shall not have been any material adverse change in the general affairs, management, financial position, result of operations
or prospects of the Company, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Memorandum or this Agreement;

(iii) 
the Company shall not have sustained any material interference with its business or properties from fire, explosion, flood or
other casualty, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or any court or legislative or other governmental
action, order or decree, if in the judgment of the Placement Agent any such development referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii)
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to consummate the sale and delivery of the Warrants by the Placement Agent.

(b) Since
the respective dates as of which information is given herein, there shall have been no litigation instituted against the Company
and since such dates there shall be no proceeding instituted or threatened against the Company or any of its officers or directors,
before or by any federal, state or county court, commission, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental body,
domestic or foreign, in which litigation or proceeding an unfavorable ruling, decision or finding would materially and adversely
affect the business, properties, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the Company.

(c) Each
of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct at the signing of this Agreement
and at each Closing as if made at such Closing, and all covenants and agreements herein contained to be performed on the part
of the Company and all conditions herein contained to be fulfilled or complied with by the Company at or prior to each Closing
shall have been duly performed, fulfilled or complied with.

13

SECTION
9. Indemnification and Contribution

(a) The
Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, and its directors, officers, members, managers and employees
and Placement Agents legal counsel, each person, if any, who controls the Placement Agent within the meaning of the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act, and each and all of them, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities or actions,
joint or several (including any investigation, negotiation, legal and other expenses incurred in connection with, and any amount
paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted), to which they or any of them may become subject
under the Securities Act, or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or actions arise out of, or are based upon, (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in the Memorandum, or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, except to the extent any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or actions arising out of any such statement or omission
relating to any information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Placement Agent to the Company specifically for use in
connection with the preparation of the Memorandum, or the omission of any statement or information as a result of the failure
of the Placement Agent to provide any such information, and (ii) the breach of any representation, warranty or covenant of the
Company contained in this Agreement.

(b) The
Placement Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each of the Company, and each of its directors and officers employees and
legal counsel, and each person, if any, who controls the Company, within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,
and each and all of them, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities or actions, joint or several (including
any investigation, negotiation, legal and other expenses incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any
action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted), to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, or
other federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages, liabilities
or actions arise out of or are based upon (i) any statement in the Memorandum, in reliance upon and in conformity with information
furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of the Placement Agent specifically for use in connection with the preparation
of the Memorandum and (ii) the breach of any representation, warranty or covenant of the Placement Agent contained in this Agreement.
In no event shall the indemnification and contribution obligations of Placement Agreement exceed the fees that Placement Agent
has actually received pursuant to this Agreement.

14

(c) Any
party which proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 9 will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement
of any action, suit or proceeding against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party under
this Section 9, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding, enclosing a copy of
all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party of any such action, suit or proceeding shall not relieve
it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 9 unless it shall adversely
affect the indemnifying party in any material respect. In case any such action, suit or proceeding shall be brought against any
indemnified party and it shall notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled
to participate in and, to the extent that is shall wish, jointly with any indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the
defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party
to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof the indemnifying party shall not be liable to such
indemnified party for any legal or other expenses, other than reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by such
indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof. The indemnified party shall have the right to employ its own counsel
in any such action, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party unless:

(i) the employment of counsel by such indemnified party has been authorized by the indemnifying parties;

(ii) 
counsel for the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest between the indemnifying
parties and the indemnified party in the conduct of the defense of such action (in which case the indemnifying parties shall not
have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party); or

(iii) 
the indemnifying parties shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such action, in each of which cases
the fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying parties. An indemnifying party shall not be liable
for any settlement of any action or claims effected without its written consent.

(d) If
the indemnification provided for in this Section 9 is unavailable to any indemnified party in respect to any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, will
contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
expenses (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand, and
the Placement Agent on the other hand, from the Offering, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted
by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above
but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand, and of the Placement Agent on the other hand, in connection with the
statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses as well as any other relevant
equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand, and the Placement Agent on the other
hand, shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total proceeds from the Offering (net of sales commissions, but before
deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the commissions received by the Placement Agent. The relative fault of the
Company on the one hand, and the Placement Agent on the other hand, will be determined with reference to, among other things,
whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company, and their relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
statement or omission. The amount payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred
to above will be deemed to include any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating
or defending any action or claim.

(e) The
Company and the Placement Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 9 were
determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9, no person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person
who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

15

SECTION
10. Termination

(a) The
Offering shall be conducted during the Offering Period through the Offering Expiration Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance
with this Section 10. The obligations of the Placement Agent to offer for sale any Warrants shall terminate on the earliest to
occur of (i) the date upon which subscriptions for the 60,000 Warrants (subject to the Over-Allotment Option) have been accepted
or (ii) the date upon which the Company and the Placement Agent elect to terminate this Offering in their mutual discretion, but
no later than July 15, 2025(the Offering Expiration Date). After the Offering Expiration Date, both the Placement
Agent and the Company shall cease all solicitations for investment under the Memorandum and shall not distribute any Offering
Documents identifying Placement Agent as placement agent for the Offering or as acting on behalf of the Company in any other capacity.

(b) The
Placement Agent may terminate its engagement hereunder at any time in the event that: (i) any of the representations or warranties
of the Company contained herein or in the Memorandum shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect when
made or deemed made; (ii) the Company shall have failed in a material respect (which failure has not been cured within a reasonable
amount of time) to perform any of its material obligations hereunder or shall have abandoned the Offering; or (iii) there shall
occur any event which materially and adversely affects the transactions contemplated hereby not occasioned by or arising out of
or in connection with any breach or failure hereunder on the part of the Placement Agent. In the event of (x) any such termination
occasioned by or arising out of or in connection with any breach (other than a breach of a representation which arises out of
events occurring after the date hereof and over which the Company has no control) or failure hereunder on the part of the Company,
described in clauses (i), (ii), or (iii) above or (y) any termination of the Offering or the engagement of Placement Agent by
the Company, prior to the Offering Expiration Date, other than in the case of a termination of Placement Agents engagement
by the Company in accordance with Section 10(c) below, in addition to other rights and remedies Placement Agent may have hereunder,
at law or otherwise, the Company shall reimburse Placement Agent for all of Placement Agents reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement within ten (10) business days of the delivery to the Company by the Placement Agent
of a statement setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail within five (5) business days of the date of termination of Placement
Agents engagement hereunder an amount equal to the full amount of the unpaid Expense Reimbursement.

(c) The
engagement of the Placement Agent may be terminated by the Company in the event: (i) any of the representations or warranties
of the Placement Agent contained herein or in the Memorandum (in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in
writing to the Company by or on behalf of the Placement Agent specifically for use in connection with the preparation of the Memorandum)
shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; (ii) of the gross negligence, bad
faith, or willful misconduct of the Placement Agent or its representatives; (iii) the Placement Agent shall have failed to perform
any of its material obligations hereunder; or (iv) there shall occur any event which materially and adversely affects the transactions
contemplated hereby not occasioned by or arising out of or in connection with any breach or failure hereunder on the part of the
Company. If the Company elects to terminate the engagement of the Placement Agent pursuant to Section 10(c)(i), (ii) or (iii)
above (together, the Placement Agent Obligations), Sections 4 and 7 hereof shall concurrently with the delivery
of the Companys notice of termination be rendered void and be of no further force or effect.

16

(d) Upon
termination, all subscription documents and payments for the Warrants to be sold in the Offering not previously delivered to the
Investors but for which a Closing shall not have then occurred shall be returned to such respective Investors without interest
thereon or deduction therefrom.

SECTION
11. Miscellaneous.

(a) No
change, amendment or supplement to, or waiver of, this Agreement or any term, provision or condition contained herein, shall be
valid or of any effect unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such is asserted.

(b) This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

(c) This
Agreement, the Advisory Agreement, the Placement Agent Warrants, the escrow agreement to be entered into with the Escrow Agent,
and the Voting Agreement (as defined in the Advisory Agreement) together constitute the entire understanding between the parties
hereto with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and all prior or contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings,
discussions, representations and statements are superseded by this Agreement and such other documents listed above, including,
without limitation, those relating to that certain (i) placement agent agreement, dated December 5, 2024, by and between the parties
hereto, as amended on December 10, 2024 and February 23, 2025, and (ii) consulting agreement and advisory agreement, dated December
5, 2024, by and between the parties hereto, as amended on December 10, 2024 and February 28, 2025. The waiver of any particular
condition precedent, provision or remedy provided by this Agreement shall not constitute the waiver of any other.

(d) This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be taken as one and the same instrument, to the same
effect as if all the parties hereto had signed the same signature page. Any signature page of this Agreement may be detached from
any counterpart of this Agreement identical in form hereto but having attached it to one or more additional signature pages. Facsimile
and electronic signatures shall be treated as original signatures.

(e) The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and accrue to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs,
legal representatives, permitted successors and permitted assigns.

17

(f) If
any provision of this Agreement for any reason shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such illegality shall not
affect any other provision of this Agreement and this Agreement shall be amended so as to enforce the illegal, invalid or unenforceable
provision to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and the parties shall cooperate in good faith to further modify this
Agreement so as to preserve to the maximum extent possible the intended benefits to be received by the parties.

(g) Subject
to Section 10, all representations, warranties and agreements of the parties hereto contained herein will survive the delivery
and execution hereof and each Closing for a period of three (3) years from the date hereof, and shall remain operative and in
full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any party hereto or any person who controls any
such party within the meaning of the Securities Act, and will survive delivery of the Warrants hereunder and the delivery of the
Placement Agent Warrants and any termination of this Agreement.

(h) The
Placement Agent acknowledges and agrees that it will have access to, or become acquainted with, Confidential Information of the
Company in the performance of its duties and obligations hereunder. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information
shall mean all confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information, property, or material of the Company and any derivatives,
portions, or copies thereof, including, without limitation, information resulting from or in any way related to (i) the Offering;
(ii) the business practices, plans, intellectual property, proprietary information, formulae, methods, practices, designs, know
how, processes and procedures, software, test results, financial information, sales, customers, employees, suppliers, contracts,
agreements or relationships of the Company; and (iii) any other information or material that the Company designates as Confidential
Information. The Placement Agent shall keep all Confidential Information in strict confidence and shall not, at any time during
or for five (5) years after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, without the Companys prior written
consent, disclose, publish, disseminate or otherwise make available, directly or indirectly, any item of Confidential Information
to anyone. The Placement Agent shall use the Confidential Information only in connection with the performance of the Offering
and for no other purpose. Notwithstanding the obligations set forth above, the Placement Agent may disclose Confidential Information
to any of its employees, consultants or subcontractors who need to receive the Confidential Information in connection with the
Offering, provided that the Placement Agent shall ensure that, prior to disclosing the Confidential Information, each subcontractor,
consultant or employee to whom the Confidential Information is to be disclosed is made aware of the obligations contained in this
Agreement and agrees to undertake, in a manner legally enforceable by the Company, to adhere to such terms of this Agreement as
if it were a party to it. The Placement Agent recognizes that its threatened breach or breach of this Section 11(h) will cause
irreparable harm to the Company that is inadequately compensable in damages and that, in addition to other remedies that may be
available at law or equity, the Company is entitled to injunctive relief for such a threatened or actual breach of this Section
11(h). Notwithstanding the above, the Placement Agent shall not have any obligations of confidentiality with respect to any portion
of Confidential Information which (i) was previously known to the Placement Agent prior to receipt from the disclosing party,
(ii) is now public knowledge, or becomes public knowledge in the future, other than through acts or omissions of the Placement
Agent in violation of this Section 11(h), or (iii) is lawfully obtained by the Placement Agent from sources independent of
the disclosing party who have a lawful right to disclose such Confidential Information. The Placement Agent may disclose Confidential
Information to the extent such disclosure is reasonably necessary in complying with applicable governmental laws, rules or regulations
or court orders.

[signature
page follows]

18

If
the foregoing conforms with your understanding of the arrangements between us, please sign the copy of this Agreement provided
in the space indicated, whereupon this Agreement shall constitute a binding and legal agreement between the Company and the Placement
Agent effective as of the date above.

Very
truly yours,

LIPELLA
PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

By: /s/ Jonathan
Kaufman 

Name: Jonathan Kaufman 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Accepted
as of the date first above written:

SPARTAN
CAPITAL SECURITIES, LLC

By: /s/ Kim Monchik 

Name: Kim Monchik 

Title: Chief Administrative Officer 

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>g084733_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

CONSULTING
AGREEMENT AND ADVISORY AGREEMENT

This
Consulting Agreement (the Agreement) is made as of March 17, 2025, between Spartan Capital Securities,
LLC (the Consultant or Advisor), and Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company).
The Company and the Consultant are collectively herein referred to as the Parties.

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS,
the Consultant is a broker-dealer, licensed by and in good standing with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.;

WHEREAS,
the Consultant is desirous of providing the Company with certain advisory services on a non-exclusive basis on the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth; and

WHEREAS,
the Consultant has been engaged to serve as placement agent with respect to a private placement (the Private Placement)
of up to 72,000 of warrants (the Warrants) to purchase shares of Series B non-voting convertible preferred
stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares), pursuant to a placement agent agreement,
by and between the Company and the Consultant, of even date herewith (the Placement Agent Agreement).

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Term.
With the exception of the confidentiality terms and obligations, this Agreement shall be effective as of the initial closing date
(the Effective Date) of the sale of up to 60,000 of Warrants in the Private Placement (subject to an over-allotment
option of up to 12,000 of additional Warrants) and shall continue in effect for eighteen (18) months thereafter.

2. Services.

2.1 Services.
During the term of this Agreement, the Consultant shall provide, as the Company shall reasonably request, consulting services
related to general corporate matters, including, but not limited to (i) capital raising; (ii) advice and input with respect to
raising capital; (iii) developing corporate structure and finance strategies in connection with equity financings; (iv) assisting
management with enhancing corporate and shareholder value, and (v) introducing the Company to potential investors (collectively,
the Advisory Services). For the avoidance of doubt, Consultants services pursuant to this Agreement
shall be non-excusive and solely advisory in nature, and Consultant shall not have any authority to bind the Company, or any of
the Companys subsidiaries or affiliates, by contract or otherwise.

3. Compensation.

3.1 Cash
Fee. The Company shall pay a cash fee of $240,000, which amount shall be paid out of the escrow account established in connection
with the Private Placement. Such cash fee shall be paid on a pro rata basis according to the amount of gross proceeds received
by the Company upon each exercise of the Warrants. Such cash fee shall be paid on a pro rata basis, based on an aggregate of $7,200,000
that may be received by the Company upon exercise of all of the Warrants in the Private Placement (inclusive of the over-allotment
option for the issuance in the Private Placement of up to 12,000 additional Warrants and the subsequent exercise of such Warrants
by the holders thereof for up to $1,200,000 of additional Shares), according to the amount of proceeds payable at each such exercise
of Warrants from the escrow account established and maintained in connection with the Private Placement.

All
fees in connection with section 3.1 3.5 are non-refundable.

3.2 Stock
Compensation. The Company shall issue the Consultant an aggregate of 420,000 shares of the Companys Series C voting
convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock) (inclusive of the
over-allotment option for the issuance in the Private Placement of up to 12,000 additional Warrants and the subsequent exercise
of such Warrants by the holders thereof for up to $1,200,000 of additional Shares), which will be issued on a pro rata basis upon
each exercise of the Warrants and shall be determined by the proceeds received by the Company upon such exercises (for example,
if the Company receives an aggregate of $4,320,000 from the exercise of Warrants sold in the Private Placement, then the Company
shall issue an aggregate of 252,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock to the Consultant instead of an aggregate of 420,000 shares
of Series C Preferred Stock) (such shares of Series C Preferred Stock, the Consultant Shares). The Consultant
Shares shall be issued to Consultant, or its designee, within five (5) business days after the exercise of any Warrants and shall
be fully paid and non-assessable and deemed fully earned. The Consultant Shares will be restricted securities as
that term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The shares of Common
Stock (as defined in the Placement Agent Agreement) issuable upon conversion of such Consultant Shares will be included in the
Registration Statement (as defined in the Placement Agent Agreement) and shall be subject to the voting agreement to be entered
into in connection with the Private Placement, pursuant to which the Consultant will assign certain rights to the Consultant Shares
and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Consultant Shares to the Company and/or its management (the Voting
Agreement). The Consultant Shares will be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 506(b)
of the Securities Act, and upon issuance, will be acquired by the Consultant solely for its account for investment and not with
a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution. The Consultant does not intend to dispose of all or any part of
the Consultant Shares except in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws and
understands that the Consultant Shares will be issued pursuant to Rule 506(b) of the Securities Act, which exemption depends,
among other things, upon the compliance with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act.

3.3 [Reserved].

3.4 [Reserved].

3.5 Out-of-pocket
expenses. Following the Effective Date, the Consultant shall be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with the Consultants performance of Advisory Services. All such expenses must be approved in advance and
in writing by the Company prior to the Consultant incurring such expenses.

4. Confidential
Information. The Consultant acknowledges and agrees that it will have access to, or become acquainted with, Confidential Information
of the Company in the performance of its duties and obligations hereunder. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential
Information shall mean all confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information, property, or material of the Company
and any derivatives, portions, or copies thereof, including, without limitation, information resulting from or in any way related
to (i) the business practices, plans, intellectual property, proprietary information, formulae, methods, practices, designs, know
how, processes and procedures, software, test results, financial information, sales, customers, employees, suppliers, contracts,
agreements or relationships of the Company; and (ii) any other information or material that the Company designates as Confidential
Information. The Consultant shall keep all Confidential Information in strict confidence and shall not, at any time during or
for five (5) years after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, without the Companys prior written consent,
disclose, publish, disseminate or otherwise make available, directly or indirectly, any item of Confidential Information to anyone.
The Consultant shall use the Confidential Information only in connection with the performance of the Advisory Services and for
no other purpose. Notwithstanding the obligations set forth above, the Consultant may disclose Confidential Information to any
of its employees, consultants or subcontractors who need to receive the Confidential Information in connection with the provision
of the Advisory Services, provided that the Consultant shall ensure that, prior to disclosing the Confidential Information, each
subcontractor, consultant or employee to whom the Confidential Information is to be disclosed is made aware of the obligations
contained in this Agreement and agrees to undertake, in a manner legally enforceable by the Company, to adhere to such terms of
this Agreement as if it were a party to it. The Consultant recognizes that its threatened breach or breach of this Section
4 will cause irreparable harm to the Company that is inadequately compensable in damages and that, in addition to other remedies
that may be available at law or equity, the Company is entitled to injunctive relief for such a threatened or actual breach of
this Section 4. Notwithstanding the above, the Consultant shall not have any obligations of confidentiality with respect
to any portion of Confidential Information which (i) was previously known to the Consultant prior to receipt from the disclosing
party, (ii) is now public knowledge, or becomes public knowledge in the future, other than through acts or omissions of the Consultant
in violation of this Section 4, or (iii) is lawfully obtained by the Consultant from sources independent of the disclosing
party who have a lawful right to disclose such Confidential Information. The Consultant may disclose Confidential Information
to the extent such disclosure is reasonably necessary in complying with applicable governmental laws, rules or regulations or
court orders.

5. Publicity. The Consultant shall not refer to the existence of this Agreement in any press release, advertising or other
public statement, written or oral, without the prior written consent of the Company, except as required by applicable law or regulation.

6. Ownership. The Company shall have complete and exclusive ownership of all work products, as well as all materials (and
all intellectual property rights in and to all of the foregoing) (collectively, Work Product), produced by
Consultant under this Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Consultant hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company all
right, title and interest in and to such Work Product. The Consultant agrees to execute all documents deemed reasonably necessary
by the Company to evidence or perfect the foregoing assignment.

7. Patent Rights. No right or license, either expressed or implied, under any licensing agreement, patent or proprietary right
of the Company is granted hereunder. Any information or technology, including but not limited to data, products, processes, formulations,
machinery and apparatus, and uses thereof, which Consultant may develop, improve, discover or invent as a result of the Services
(the Technology) shall be considered to be Work Product and shall become the property of the Company. The
Consultant shall immediately disclose any Technology to the Company. The Consultant shall also execute any other documents reasonably
requested by the Company related to the Technology and the Work Product, including documents necessary for patent or regulatory
filings and cooperate with the Company after the filing of patent or regulatory documents for as long as necessary to vest the
rights to the Technology in the Company, including execution of necessary documents in subsequent continuation, continuation-in-part,
divisional, international, and foreign patent applications.

8. Return
of Materials. Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, whichever occurs first, the Consultant shall transfer
to the Company all Work Product, Technology, work in progress, property, Confidential Information and all other materials in the
Consultants possession or control that are the property of the Company.

9. Indemnification. Each Party shall defend, indemnify and hold the other Party harmless in accordance with the indemnification
and other provisions set forth in Exhibit A hereto, which provisions are incorporated herein by reference and shall survive
the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

10. Independent
Contractor. The Consultant shall perform all of the Consultants obligations under this Agreement as an independent
contractor and not as an agent, employee or representative of the Company. The Consultant shall not participate in any insurance
programs or benefits including, but not limited to, workers compensation insurance, disability insurance or any other employee
benefits available to the Companys employees, nor will the Company or any of its affiliates make any deductions for taxes
from the Consultants compensation under this Agreement, and any such taxes shall be the Consultants sole responsibility.
As an independent contractor, the mode, manner, method and means used by the Consultant in the performance of its services hereunder
shall be of the Consultants selection and under the sole control and direction of the Consultant. The Consultant shall
be responsible for all risks incurred in the operation of Consultants business and shall enjoy all the benefits thereof.

11. Assignment.
This Agreement is not assignable by the Consultant without the prior written consent of the Company. 

12. Notices.
Any notice consent, authorization of other communication to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given
and received when delivered personally, when transmitted by fax or by e-mail, three trading days after being mailed by first class
mail, or one trading day after being sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, charges and postage prepaid,
properly addressed to the party to receive such notice, as the following address or fax number (or such other address, e-mail
or fax number as shall hereafter be specified by such party by like notice):

a. If
to the Company, to: b. If
to the Consultant, to:

Lipella Pharmaceuticals
Inc. Spartan Capital
Securities, LLC

7800 Susquehanna
St., Suite 505 45 Broadway

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
15208 New York, New
York 10006

Attn: Jonathan
Kaufman Attn: Kim Monchik

Telephone: (412)
894-1853 Telephone: (212)
293-0123

E-mail: jonathan.kaufman@lipella.com E-mail: kmonchik@spartancapital.com

13. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original and
all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall be treated as original signatures.

14. Severability.
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable,
the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

15. Relationship
of Parties. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to constitute a partnership, agency, employer-employee
or joint venture relationship between the Parties. No Party shall incur any debts or make any commitments for the other, except
to the extent, if at all, specifically provided herein.

16. Waiver.
A waiver by either Party of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement in any instance shall not be deemed or construed
to be a waiver of such term or condition for the future, or of any subsequent breach hereof. All rights, remedies, undertakings,
obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be cumulative and none of them shall be in limitation of any other
remedy, right, undertaking, obligation or agreement of either Party.

17. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, the Placement Agent Agreement, the Placement Agent Warrants (as defined in the Placement Agent
Agreement), the escrow agreement to be entered into with the Escrow Agent (as defined in the Placement Agent Agreement), and the
Voting Agreement together set forth the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the specific matters contained herein
and therein, and all prior or contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings, discussions, representations and statements are
superseded by this Agreement and such other documents listed above, including, without limitation, those relating to that certain
(i) placement agent agreement, dated December 5, 2024, by and between the parties hereto, as amended on December 10, 2024 and
February 23, 2025, and (ii) consulting agreement and advisory agreement, dated December 5, 2024, by and between the parties hereto,
as amended on December 10, 2024 and February 28, 2025. Except as set forth herein, this Agreement has no bearing or effect on
any prior agreements entered into by the Parties. This Agreement may be modified or amended only in writing signed by the Parties.
The descriptive headings of each numbered section of this Agreement are for convenience only and are not for use in the construction
and/or interpretation of this Agreement.

18. Applicable
Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the State of New York and shall be construed and governed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflicts of laws rules of such jurisdiction. The Parties hereby
irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the State of New York.

[Signature
Page Follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties have caused their respective signature pages to this Agreement to be duly executed as
of the date first written above.

Spartan Capital Securities, LLC Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc.

By: /s/ Kim Monchik By: /s/ Jonathan Kaufman 

Name: Kim Monchik Name: Jonathan Kaufman 

Title: Chief Administrative Officer Title: Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT
A

INDEMNIFICATION
PROVISIONS

Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Spartan Capital Securities, LLC
(Consultant) and each of the other Consultant Indemnified Parties (as hereinafter defined) from and against
any and all losses, claims, damages, obligations, penalties, judgments, awards, liabilities, and reasonable costs, expenses and
disbursements, and any and all actions, suits, proceedings and investigations in respect thereof and reasonable legal and other
costs, expenses and disbursements in giving testimony or furnishing documents in response to a subpoena or otherwise (including,
without limitation, the reasonable costs, expenses and disbursements, as and when incurred, of investigating, preparing, pursing
or defending any such action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether or not in connection with litigation in which any Consultant
Indemnified Party is a party)) (collectively, Losses), directly or indirectly, caused by, relating to, based
upon, arising out of, or in connection with, Consultants advisory services to the Company, including, without limitation,
any act or omission by the Company in connection with its acceptance of or the performance or non-performance of its obligations
under the Consulting Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2025, between the Company and Consultant to which these indemnification
provisions are attached and form a part (the Agreement), any breach by the Company of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the Agreement (or in any instrument, document or agreement relating thereto), or
the enforcement by Consultant of its rights under the Agreement or these indemnification provisions, except to the extent that
any such Losses are found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have resulted
primarily and directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of a Consultant Indemnified Party. The Company also agrees
that no Consultant Indemnified Party shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to
the Company for or in connection with the engagement of Consultant by the Company or for any other reason, except to the extent
that any such liability is found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have
resulted primarily and directly from such Consultant Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct.

The
Consultant agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and each of the other Company Indemnified Parties (as hereinafter
defined) from and against any and all Losses, directly or indirectly, caused by, relating to, based upon, arising out of, or in
connection with, Consultants advisory services to the Company, including, without limitation, any act or omission by Consultant
in connection with its acceptance of or the performance or non-performance of its obligations under the Agreement, any breach
by the Consultant of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the Agreement (or in any instrument, document
or agreement relating thereto), or the enforcement by the Company of its rights under the Agreement or these indemnification provisions,
except to the extent that any such Losses are found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further
appeal) to have resulted primarily and directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of a Company Indemnified Party.
The Consultant also agrees that no Company Indemnified Party shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract
or tort or otherwise) to the Consultant for or in connection with the engagement of Consultant by the Company or for any other
reason, except to the extent that any such liability is found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject
to further appeal) to have resulted primarily and directly from such Company Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful
misconduct.

These
indemnification provisions shall extend to the following persons (collectively, the Indemnified Parties):
(a) the Consultant and each of its present and former affiliated entities, partners, employees, legal counsel, agents and controlling
persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and the officers, directors, partners, stockholders, members, managers,
employees, legal counsel, agents and controlling persons of any of them (the Consultant Indemnified Parties)
and (b) the Company and each of its present and former affiliated entities, partners, employees, legal counsel, agents and controlling
persons (within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and the officers, directors, partners, stockholders, members, managers,
employees, legal counsel, agents and controlling persons of any of them (the Company Indemnified Parties).
These indemnification provisions shall be in addition to any liability which the indemnifying party may otherwise have to any
Indemnified Party.

If
any action, suit, proceeding or investigation is commenced, as to which an Indemnified Party proposes to demand indemnification,
it shall notify the indemnifying party with reasonable promptness; provided, however, that any failure by an Indemnified
Party to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve the indemnifying party from its obligations hereunder unless the indemnifying
party is prejudiced by such failure. An Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain counsel of its own choice to represent
it, and the reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of such counsel shall be borne by the indemnifying party. Any such counsel
shall, to the extent consistent with its professional responsibilities, cooperate with the indemnifying party and any counsel
designated by the indemnifying party. The indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any claim against any Indemnified
Party made with the indemnifying partys written consent. The indemnifying party shall not, without the prior written consent
of Indemnified Party, settle or compromise any claim, or permit a default or consent to the entry of any judgment in respect thereof,
unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes, as an unconditional term thereof, the giving by the claimant to all
of the Indemnified Parties against whom it has made a claim of an unconditional release from all liability in respect of such
claim, and (ii) does not contain any untrue factual or legal admission by or with respect to an Indemnified Party or an untrue
adverse statement with respect to the character, professionalism, expertise or reputation of any Indemnified Party or any action
or inaction of any Indemnified Party.

In
order to provide for just and equitable contribution, if a claim for indemnification pursuant to these indemnification provisions
is made but it is found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) that such indemnification
may not be enforced in such case, even though the express provisions hereof provide for indemnification in such case, then the
indemnifying party shall contribute to the Losses to which any Indemnified Party may be subject (i) in accordance with the relative
benefits received by the indemnifying par ty, on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, and (ii) if (and
only if) the allocation provided in clause (i) of this sentence is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as to reflect
not only the relative benefits, but also the relative fault of the indemnifying party, on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party,
on the other hand, in connection with the statements, acts or omissions which resulted in such Losses as well as any relevant
equitable considerations. No person found liable for a fraudulent misrepresentation shall be entitled to indemnification or contribution
from any person who is not also found liable for fraudulent misrepresentation. The relative benefits received (or anticipated
to be received) by the indemnifying party and its stockholders, subsidiaries and affiliates shall be deemed to be equal to the
aggregate consideration payable or receivable by such parties in connection with the transaction or transactions to which the
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the amount contributed by all Indemnified Parties exceed the amount
of fees previously received by Consultant pursuant to the Agreement.

Neither
termination nor completion of the engagement of Consultant referred to above shall affect these indemnification provisions which
shall remain operative and in full force and effect. The indemnification provisions shall be binding upon the Parties and their
respective successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnified Parties and their respective successors, assigns,
heirs and personal representatives.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>g084733_ex10-6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.6

Irrevocable
Proxy and Power of Attorney

Pursuant
to that certain (i) consulting agreement and advisory agreement, by and between Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Corporation), and Spartan Capital Securities, LLC, including any designee thereof (Spartan),
effective as of March 17, 2025 (the Consulting Agreement), the Corporation is obligated to issue to Spartan shares
(Consultant Shares) of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation (the
Series C Preferred Stock), convertible into shares (Conversion Shares) of common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share, of the Corporation (the Common Stock) in consideration for advisory and consultant services that
have been and will be rendered by Spartan and (ii) placement agent agreement, effective as of March 17, 2025, by and between the
Corporation and Spartan (the Placement Agent Agreement), the Corporation has agreed to issue Spartan common stock
purchase warrants exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock (collectively, the Warrant Shares) equal to
10% of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Series B non-voting convertible preferred
stock of the Corporation, par value $0.0001 per share, issued upon exercise of warrants sold in a private placement by the Corporation
(the Offering) for which Spartan is serving as placement agent. Spartan is executing this Irrevocable Proxy and
Power of Attorney (this Irrevocable Proxy) as a material inducement for the Corporations entering into the
Consulting Agreement and the Placement Agent Agreement.

Upon
the issuance of any and all Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable), Spartan (x) will be the
record holder of the Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable) and (y) will have good and valid
title to such Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable), free and clear of any liens or restrictions
on transfer except as provided herein and in the Consulting Agreement and Placement Agent Agreement. Upon the issuance by the
Corporation of a number of Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable) to Spartan and/or its Affiliates
(as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) or any other person or entity acting as a group together
with Spartan and such Affiliates (such persons, Attribution Parties), Spartan (and such other Attribution Parties,
if any) hereby irrevocably appoints Dr. Jonathan Kaufman, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation (the Principal Stockholder),
and any designee of the Principal Stockholder as the proxy and attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
to represent and vote the aggregate number of Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable), held
by Spartan (and such Attribution Party, if any) (such shares collectively, the Proxied Shares), whether at a meeting
of the shareholders of the Corporation or by any consent to any action taken by such shareholders without a meeting, with respect
to any and all matters presented to the shareholders of the Corporation for vote or for action without a meeting. Such irrevocable
appointment to the Principal Stockholder of the aforementioned rights to the Proxied Shares shall be evidenced by the signature
of each of Spartan, such Attribution Party (if any) and the Principal Stockholder on the row of Schedule I attached hereto
corresponding to such Proxied Shares. This proxy and power of attorney granted by Spartan (and any other Attribution Party, if
any) shall be irrevocable during its term and shall be deemed to be coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable
proxy. Spartan authorizes the Principal Stockholder to file this Irrevocable Proxy and any substitution or revocation with the
Corporation so that the existence of this Irrevocable Proxy is noted on the books and records of the Corporation. The power of
attorney granted by Spartan herein is a durable power of attorney and shall survive the dissolution, bankruptcy, death or incapacity
of Spartan.

During
the effectiveness of this Irrevocable Proxy, the Principal Stockholder shall have all the voting power and all power to grant
consent that Spartan (or an Attribution Party, if any) would possess by virtue of being the holder of the Consultant Shares, Conversion
Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable). Upon each signature by Spartan (and any other Attribution Party) on Schedule
I with respect to Proxied Shares, Spartan and such Attribution Party hereby ratifies and confirms all acts that the Principal
Stockholder will do or cause to be done with respect to such Proxied Shares by virtue of and within the limitations set forth
in this Irrevocable Proxy.

This
Irrevocable Proxy is binding on Spartans heirs, estate, executors, personal representatives, successors, and assigns (including
any transferee of any of the Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable)) to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable law.

Spartan
shall not dispose of, pledge, sell, convey, assign, hypothecate, or otherwise transfer (each, a Transfer) number
of Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable) without the express prior consent of the Corporation
and shall provide the Corporation with at least five (5) Business Days prior notice of its intention to effect a Transfer
to a non-Attribution Party. Business Day shall mean any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a
federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed and/or The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC is not open for at least five (5) hours of trading. Spartan shall inform the Corporation of any pledge of Proxied
Shares made prior to the date of this Irrevocable Proxy. Except pursuant to this Irrevocable Proxy, as of the date hereof, no
person or entity other than Spartan or an Attribution Party has any contractual or other right or obligation to purchase or otherwise
acquire any of the Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares (as applicable). Upon the registration of the reoffer
and resale of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares (as applicable) listed on Schedule I, the appointment of voting
power granted to the Principal Stockholder shall immediately terminate with respect to such respective Conversion Shares and the
corresponding Consultant Shares, and Warrant Shares (as applicable) and all restrictions on, and consents required for, Transfers
of the Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares shall terminate, provided, that Spartan hereby agrees that
neither Spartan, the other Attribution Parties nor their respective designees, successors or assigns, shall Transfer any Consultant
Shares, Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares to a non-Attribution Party (other than to the Corporation or the Principal Stockholder)
(i) whose business is directly or indirectly competitive with the business of the Corporation as it is being conducted or planned
to be conducted at the time of such proposed disposition, or (ii) who intends to or has taken action, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions, towards obtaining an ownership interest in the Corporation for purposes of effecting (x)
a change of control of the Corporation (as such term is defined under Section 203 of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware), (y) a sale or all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation or (z) a change to the board
of directors or management of the Corporation at the time of such proposed disposition, (iii) if such disposition will, to Spartans
knowledge, result in such third party (together with all of such third partys affiliates (as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) and any other persons acting as a group together with such third party) being deemed
a beneficial owner (as defined under Rule 13d-3) of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately
after giving effect to such disposition. In addition, this Irrevocable Proxy shall terminate with respect to Consultant Shares,
Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares (as applicable) upon each disposition of Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares (as applicable) by an Attribution Party to a non-Attribution Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Transfer of Consultant
Shares, Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares by Spartan (or any other Attribution Party) to an Attribution Party shall only become
effective upon such transferees delivery of a completed and executed Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form attached
hereto as Schedule II. The Company undertakes to include the maximum possible number of Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares
in the initial registration statement filed in connection with the Offering and in each subsequent registration statement, as
needed, and agrees to lift all Transfer and notice restrictions six months after any issuance if such Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares are not then registered for resale.

This
Irrevocable Proxy may be amended or supplemented, and any obligation of an Attribution Party may be waived, only with the prior
written consent of the Corporation. No waivers of any breach of this Irrevocable Proxy extended by the Corporation to any Attribution
Party shall be construed as a waiver of any rights or remedies of the Corporation or with respect to any subsequent breach.

This
Irrevocable Proxy shall be governed by, and construed under, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of
conflict of laws. In case any provision of this Irrevocable Proxy shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall to the
extent practicable, be modified so as to make it valid, legal and enforceable and to retain as nearly as practicable the intent
of the Corporation and Spartan (and any other Attribution Party, if any) represented by such invalidated term, and the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

In
the event that any signature hereto is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an e-mail which contains a portable document
format (.pdf) file of an executed signature page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original
thereof.

[signature
page follows]

Spartan,
hereby revoking any and all prior proxies granted by Spartan with respect to the Consultant Shares, Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares (as applicable), has executed this Irrevocable Proxy on the date set forth below to be deemed effective as of March 17,
2025.

SPARTAN CAPITAL SECURITIES, LLC

By: /s/ Kim Monchik

Name: Kim Monchik

Title: Chief Administrative Officer

Date: March 17, 2025

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED TO
BY: 

/s/ Jonathan
Kaufman 

Name: Jonathan Kaufman 

Date: March
17, 2025 

Schedule
I

Date Number
of Conversion Shares as of such date Number
of Warrant Shares as of such date Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Spartan (and/or Attribution Party, if any) Acknowledgement
and Acceptance of Principal Stockholder

Signature:
Signature:

Signature:

Signature:
Signature:

Signature:

Schedule
II

Joinder
Agreement

In
connection with the Transfer from [Spartan/other Attribution Party] to the undersigned of
[Consultant Shares/Conversion Shares/Warrant Shares], the undersigned is executing and delivering this Joinder Agreement to the
Irrevocable Proxy and Power of Attorney, effective as of March 17, 2025 (the Irrevocable Proxy). Terms used but not
defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them as in the Irrevocable Proxy.

By
executing and delivering this Joinder Agreement to the Corporation and [Spartan/ other Attribution
Party], the undersigned hereby agrees to become a party to, to be bound by, and to comply with the provisions of the Irrevocable
Proxy in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Irrevocable Proxy. This Joinder Agreement shall
become an integral part of, and undersigned shall become a party to and be bound by the Irrevocable Proxy upon execution and delivery
of this Joinder Agreement by the undersigned.

Accordingly,
the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder Agreement as of
__, .

Address for notices: 

Email:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g084733_ex10-7.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.7
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.7 

SUBSCRIPTION FOR WARRANTS EXERCISABLE
FOR shares of 

Series
B Non-Voting 

Convertible
Preferred Stock of

Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company)

1. On the Signature Page for the Subscription Agreement, Date and Fill in the number of shares of the Companys Series B non-voting convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock), underlying the Companys warrants that you wish to purchase at a price of $0.125 per Warrant (collectively, the Warrants).

2. Initial and sign the Accredited Investor Certification attached to the Subscription Agreement (begins on Page 29 with signature page on Page 32).

3. Complete and Sign the signature page attached to the Subscription Agreement (see Page 27).

4. NOTICE: Please note that by executing the Subscription Agreement, you will be deemed to have executed the related Registration Rights Agreement, have read the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum for the Offering (the Memorandum), the Warrants, the warrant agency agreement entered into by the Company and Nevada Agency and Transfer Company in connection with the issuance of the Warrants, and the Certificate of Designation for the Preferred Stock, and have read and agreed to all exhibits, supplements and schedules to all of the foregoing, as applicable, all as the same may be amended from time to time (collectively the Transaction Documents), and will be treated for all purposes as if you did review, approve and execute, if required, each such Transaction Document, even though you may not have physically signed the signature pages to such documents. Certain capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined herein, will have the respective meanings provided in the Memorandum.

5. Complete and Sign the Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire (begins on Page 33 with signature page on Page 38), and, if applicable, the Wire Transfer Authorization attached to this Subscription Agreement.

6. Return all forms to your account executive and then send all signed original documents with a check (if applicable) to:

Spartan Capital Securities, LLC

45 Broadway

New York, NY 10006

Attention: Kim Monchik

Email: __________

7. Please make your subscription payment payable to the order of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. Account No. ______.

For wiring funds directly to the Company, use the following
instructions:

Bank Name: US Bank N.A. 

Address: 425 Walnut Street, 5th Floor, Cincinnati, OH 45202 | 

ABA Number: 

Account Number: 

Account Name: 

For Final Credit to account: 

Investors
will purchase the number of Preferred Stock purchase warrants of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
set forth on the signature page to the Subscription Agreement (the Warrants). The Warrants are being
offered (the Offering) by the Company pursuant to the offering terms set forth in the Companys
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum, dated ___, 2025 and as may be further amended and/or supplemented from time to time
(the Memorandum). The placement agent for the Offering is Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (the Placement
Agent).

(i) The Warrants are
being offered on a best efforts basis for up to $7,500 of Warrants (the Maximum Offering)
at a purchase price per Warrant of $0.125. The Company has granted the Placement Agent an option for a period of 45 days from the
final Closing (as defined below) to sell on a best efforts basis an over-subscription allowance of up to an additional
$1,500 of Warrants (the Over-Subscription). The Preferred Stock shall have the preferences, rights,
limitations and other terms set forth in the Certificate of Designation. The Warrants may be sold at one or more closings of the
Offering (each a Closing, and, collectively, the Closings), at any time
until the Termination Date (as defined below). Each investor shall purchase up to the same number of Warrants as the aggregate
number of shares of Preferred Stock it purchased in the Companys recent private placements of Preferred Stock that closed
in December 2024, January 2025, February 2025 and March 2025.

The subscription for
the Warrants will be made in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Subscription Agreement, the Memorandum
and the other Transaction Documents.

The Warrants will be
offered until the earliest to occur of (i) the date upon which subscriptions for the Maximum Offering have been accepted or (ii)
the date upon which the Company and the Placement Agent elect to terminate this Offering in their mutual discretion, but no later
than July 15, 2025 (the Termination Date). In the event that (i) subscriptions for the Offering are
rejected in whole (at the sole discretion of the Company or the Placement Agent), (ii) the Closing does not occur prior to the
Termination Date or (iii) the Offering is otherwise terminated by the Company, then the Company will refund all subscription funds
to the investors in the Offering who submitted such funds, without interest, penalty or deduction. If a subscription for Warrants
is rejected in part (at the sole discretion of the Company or the Placement Agent) and the Company accepts the portion not so rejected,
the funds for the rejected portion of such subscription will be returned to the respective investor without interest, penalty,
expense or deduction.

The Company reserves
the right (but is not obligated) to have its employees, agents, officers, directors and affiliates purchase Warrants in the Offering
and all such purchases will be counted towards the Maximum Offering amount (and any Over-Subscription, if applicable).

The terms of the Offering
are more completely described in the Memorandum and such terms are incorporated herein in their entirety. Certain capitalized terms
used, but not otherwise defined herein, will have the respective meanings provided in the Memorandum.

The Company and the
Placement Agent reserve the right in their sole discretion and for any reason whatsoever to modify, amend and/or withdraw all or
a portion of the Offering and/or accept or reject in whole or in part any prospective investment in the Warrants or to allot to
any prospective investor less than the amount of Warrants such investor desires to purchase.

Except as otherwise
indicated, all of the Transaction Documents speak as of their respective dates. Neither the delivery nor the purchase of the Warrants
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Company since such date(s).

ALL SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS MUST BE COMPLETED
AND SIGNED EXACTLY AS SET FORTH WITHIN. 

FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

______, 2025

Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc.

7800 Susquehanna St., Suite 505

Pittsburgh, PA 15208

Ladies and Gentlemen:

1. Subscription.
The undersigned (the Purchaser) hereby agrees to purchase the number of preferred stock purchase
warrants (the Warrants) exercisable for shares (the Shares) of Series B non-voting
convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Preferred Stock), of Lipella Pharmaceuticals
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), set forth on the signature page to this agreement (the
Subscription Agreement). The Warrants are being offered (the Offering)
by the Company pursuant to this Subscription Agreement dated as of the date hereof, as may be amended and/or supplemented from
time to time.

The Warrants are being
offered on a best efforts basis for up to a maximum of $7,500 of Warrants (the Maximum Offering)
at a purchase price per Warrant of $0.125. The Company has granted Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (the Placement
Agent) an option for a period of 45 days from the final Closing (as defined below) to sell on a best efforts
basis an over-subscription allowance of up to an additional $1,500 of Warrants (the Over-Subscription).
The Preferred Stock shall have the preferences, rights, limitations and other terms set forth in the Certificate of Designation
of the Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations). The Warrants will be sold at the closing
of the Offering (the Closing), at any time prior to the Termination Date (defined hereafter). Each
investor shall purchase up to the same number of Warrants as the aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock it purchased in
the Companys recent private placements of Preferred Stock that closed in December 2024, January 2025, February 2025 and
March 2025.The Purchasers subscription for the Warrants will be made in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions
of this Subscription Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (as defined below). Certain capitalized terms used, but not
otherwise defined herein, will have the respective meanings provided in the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum for the Offering
(the Memorandum).

The Warrants will be
offered until the earliest to occur of (i) the date upon which subscriptions for the Maximum Offering have been accepted or (ii)
the date upon which the Company and the Placement Agent elect to terminate this Offering in their mutual discretion, but no later
than July 15, 2025, or such later date as may be agreed upon by the Company and the Placement Agent (the Termination
Date). In the event that (i) subscriptions for the Offering are rejected in whole (at the sole discretion of the
Company or the Placement Agent), (ii) the Closing does not occur prior to the Termination Date or (iii) the Offering is otherwise
terminated by the Company, then the Company will refund all subscription funds held to the Purchasers who submitted such funds,
without interest, penalty or deduction. If a subscription for Warrants is rejected in part (at the sole discretion of the Company
or the Placement Agent) and the Company accepts the portion not so rejected, the funds for the rejected portion of such subscription
will be returned to the respective Purchaser without interest, penalty, expense or deduction.

2. Payment. The
Purchaser encloses herewith either a check payable to, or will immediately make a wire transfer payment to the Company in the full
amount of the purchase price of the Warrants being subscribed for. Together with the check for or wire transfer of the full purchase
price, the Purchaser is delivering a completed and executed signature page to this Subscription Agreement along with a completed
and executed Accredited Investor Certification, which are annexed hereto. Please note that by executing the Subscription Agreement,
you will be deemed to have executed the Registration Rights Agreement and have read the Memorandum, the Warrants, the warrant agency
agreement entered into by the Company and Nevada Agency and Transfer Company in connection with the issuance of the Warrants and
the Certificate of Designation and have read and agreed, as applicable, to all exhibits, supplements and schedules to all of the
foregoing, all as the same may be amended from time to time (collectively, the Transaction Documents), and
will be treated for all purposes as if you did review, approve and execute, if required, each such Transaction Document, even though
you may not have physically signed the signature pages to such documents.

3. Deposit of Funds.
All payments made as provided in Section 2 hereof by Purchasers subscribing pursuant to this Subscription Agreement
will be deposited by the Purchaser as soon as practicable with the Company or such agent as the Company may appoint to receive
such funds.

4. Acceptance of
Subscription. The Purchaser understands and agrees that the Company, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to accept this
or any other subscription for the Warrants, in whole or in part, notwithstanding prior receipt by the Purchaser of notice of acceptance
of this or any other subscription. The Company will have no obligation hereunder until the Company executes and delivers to the
Purchaser an executed copy of the applicable Transaction Documents. The Purchaser may revoke its subscription and obtain a return
of the subscription amount paid at any time before the date of a Closing. The Purchaser may not revoke this subscription or obtain
a return of the subscription amount paid on or after the date of the Initial Closing. Any subscription received after the Initial
Closing but prior to the Termination Date shall be irrevocable.

5. Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants, and agrees as follows:

(a) Neither the Warrants,
the Shares nor the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Shares have been registered under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities laws. The Purchaser understands that
the offering and sale of the Warrants is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, by virtue of Section
4(a)(2) thereof and the provisions of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, based, in part, upon the representations, warranties
and agreements of the Purchaser contained in this Subscription Agreement;

(b) The Purchaser and
the Purchasers attorney, accountant, purchaser representative and/or tax advisor, if any (collectively, Advisors),
have received and have carefully reviewed the Transaction Documents, including but not limited to this Subscription Agreement,
the Warrants, the other Transaction Documents and all other documents requested by the Purchaser or its Advisors, if any, and understand
the information contained therein, prior to the execution of this Subscription Agreement;

(c) Neither the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) nor any state securities commission has approved
or disapproved of the Warrants or passed upon or endorsed the merits of the Offering or confirmed the accuracy or determined the
adequacy of the Transaction Documents. The Transaction Documents have not been reviewed by any federal, state or other regulatory
authority. Any representation to the contrary may be a criminal offense;

(d) All documents, records,
and books pertaining to the investment in the Warrants including, but not limited to, all information regarding the Company and
the Warrants, have been made available for inspection and reviewed by the Purchaser and its Advisors, if any;

(e) The Purchaser and
its Advisors, if any, have reviewed the Companys filings with the Commission, including but not limited to, the Companys
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 filed with the Commission
on May 9, 2024, August 13, 2024 and November 14, 2024, respectively, the Companys Current Reports on Form 8-K, filed with
the Commission on March 15, 2024, April 12, 2024, April 19, 2024, August 1, 2024, August 6, 2024, August 23, 2024, September 11,
2024, October 18, 2024, November 1, 2024, November 7, 2024, December 6, 2024, December 10, 2024, December 20, 2024, December 27,
2024, December 30, 2024, January 6, 2025, January 13, 2025, February 11, 2025, February 24, 2025, March 3, 2025 and March 11, 2025,
as well as the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Commission
on February 27, 2024.

(f) The Purchaser and
its Advisors, if any, have had a reasonable opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from the Companys officers
and any other persons authorized by the Company to answer such questions, concerning, among other related matters, the Offering,
the Warrants, the Shares, the other Transaction Documents and the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
of the Company and all such questions have been answered by the Company to the full satisfaction of the Purchaser and its Advisors,
if any;

(g) In evaluating the
suitability of an investment in the Company, the Purchaser has not relied upon any representation or other information (oral or
written) other than as stated in the Transaction Documents or as contained in documents so furnished to the Purchaser or its Advisors,
if any, by the Company or the Placement Agent in writing;

(h) The Purchaser is
unaware of, is in no way relying on, and did not become aware of the offering of the Warrants through or as a result of, any form
of general solicitation or general advertising including, without limitation, any article, notice, advertisement or other communication
published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television, radio or over the Internet, in connection with
the offering and sale of the Warrants and is not subscribing for the Warrants and did not become aware of the Offering through
or as a result of any seminar or meeting to which the Purchaser was invited by, or any solicitation of a subscription by, a person
not previously known to the Purchaser in connection with investments in securities generally;

(i) The Purchaser has
taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, finders fees or the like relating
to this Subscription Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (other than fees to be paid by the Company to the Placement
Agent, as described in the Memorandum);

(j) The Purchaser, either
alone or together with its Advisors, if any, has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax, and business matters, and, in
particular, investments in securities, so as to enable it to utilize the information made available to it in connection with the
Offering to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Warrants or the underlying Company securities and the Company
and to make an informed investment decision with respect thereto;

(k) The Purchaser is
not relying on the Company, the Placement Agent or any of their respective employees or agents with respect to the legal, tax,
economic and related considerations of an investment in any of the Warrants and the Purchaser has relied on the advice of, or has
consulted with, only its own Advisors;

(l) The Purchaser is
acquiring the Warrants solely for such Purchasers own account for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution
thereof, in whole or in part. The Purchaser has no agreement or arrangement, formal or informal, with any person to sell or transfer
all or any part of any of the Warrants and the Purchaser has no plans to enter into any such agreement or arrangement;

(m) The Purchaser understands
and agrees that purchase of the Warrants is a high-risk investment and the Purchaser is able to afford an investment in a speculative
venture having the risks and objectives of the Company, including a risk of total loss of such investment. The Purchaser must bear
the substantial economic risks of the investment in the Warrants indefinitely because none of the Warrants or the underlying Company
securities may be sold, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws or an exemption from such registration is available. Legends will be placed on the certificates representing
the Warrants to the effect that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or applicable state securities
laws and appropriate notations thereof will be made in the Companys books. The Purchaser understands that there is no public
market for the Warrants to be issued in the Offering and the Company has no intention of seeking an active trading market for the
Warrants or the Shares;

(n) The Purchaser has
adequate means of providing for such Purchasers current financial needs and foreseeable contingencies and has no need for
liquidity from its investment in the Warrants for an indefinite period of time;

(o) The Purchaser is
aware that an investment in the Warrants involves a number of very significant risks and has carefully read the Transaction Documents
and, in particular, the matters under the caption Risk Factors in the Memorandum and in the Companys most
recent public filings made with the Commission on its EDGAR website and understands any of such risk may materially adversely affect
the Companys operations and future prospects;

(p) At the time that
such Purchaser was offered the Warrants, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, an accredited investor within the
meaning of Regulation D, Rule 501(a), promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act and has truthfully and accurately
completed the Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire attached to this Subscription Agreement and will submit to the Company
such further assurances of such status as may be reasonably requested by the Company;

(q) The Purchaser: (i)
if a natural person, represents that the Purchaser has reached the age of 21 and has full power and authority to execute and deliver
this Subscription Agreement and all other related Transaction Documents and any other agreements or certificates and to carry out
the provisions hereof and thereof; (ii) if a corporation, partnership, or limited liability company, or association, joint stock
company, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity, represents that such entity was not formed for the specific purpose
of acquiring the Warrants, such entity is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of
its organization, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby is authorized by, and will not result in a violation
of state law or its charter or other organizational documents, such entity has full power and authority to execute and deliver
this Subscription Agreement and all other related Transaction Documents and any other agreements or certificates and to carry out
the provisions hereof and thereof and to purchase and hold the Warrants, the execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement
has been duly authorized by all necessary action, this Subscription Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of
such entity and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such entity; or (iii) if executing this Subscription Agreement in a
representative or fiduciary capacity, represents that it has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Subscription
Agreement and the other applicable Transaction Documents in such capacity and on behalf of the subscribing individual, ward, partnership,
trust, estate, corporation, or limited liability company or partnership, or other entity for whom the Purchaser is executing this
Subscription Agreement and such Transaction Documents, and such individual, partnership, ward, trust, estate, corporation, or limited
liability company or partnership, or other entity has full right and power to perform pursuant to this Subscription Agreement and
such Transaction Documents and make an investment in the Company, and represents that this Subscription Agreement constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of such entity. The execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement and the other applicable
Transaction Documents will not violate or be in conflict with any order, judgment, injunction, agreement or controlling document
to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound;

(r) The Purchaser and
its Advisors, if any, have had the opportunity to obtain any additional information, to the extent the Company had such information
in its possession or could acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense, necessary to verify the accuracy of the information
contained in the Transaction Documents, including, but not limited to, the terms and conditions of the Warrants as set forth therein,
and the Transaction Documents and all other related documents received or reviewed in connection with the purchase of the Warrants
and have had the opportunity to have representatives of the Company provide them with such additional information regarding the
terms and conditions of this particular investment and the financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects of
the Company deemed relevant by the Purchaser or its Advisors, if any, and all such requested information, to the extent the Company
had such information in its possession or could acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense, has been provided by the Company
in writing to the full satisfaction of the Purchaser and its Advisors, if any;

(s) The Purchaser represents
to the Company that any information which the undersigned has heretofore furnished or is furnishing herewith to the Company is
complete and accurate and may be relied upon by the Company in determining the availability of an exemption from registration under
federal and state securities laws in connection with the offering of Warrants as described in the Memorandum;

(t) The Purchaser has
significant prior investment experience, including investment in non-listed and non-registered securities. The Purchaser has a
sufficient net worth to sustain a loss of its entire investment in the Company in the event such a loss should occur. The Purchasers
overall commitment to investments which are not readily marketable is not excessive in view of the Purchasers net worth
and financial circumstances and the purchase of the Warrants and the subsequent exercise thereof for the Shares will not cause
such commitment to become excessive. This investment is a suitable one for the Purchaser;

(u) The Purchaser is
satisfied that it has received adequate information with respect to all matters which it or its Advisors, if any, consider material
to its decision to make this investment;

(v) The Purchaser acknowledges
that any and all estimates or forward-looking statements or projections provided to the Purchaser by the Company and included in
the Transaction Documents were prepared in good faith, but that the attainment of any such projections, estimates or forward-looking
statements cannot be guaranteed, will not be updated by the Company and should not be relied upon;

(w) No oral or written
representations have been made, or oral or written information furnished, to the Purchaser or its Advisors, if any, in connection
with the offering of the Warrants which are in any way inconsistent with the information contained in the Memorandum;

(x) Within five (5) days
after receipt of a request from the Company, the Purchaser will provide such information and deliver such documents as may reasonably
be necessary to comply with any and all laws and ordinances to which the Company is subject;

(y) THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES AND ARE
BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SAID ACT AND SUCH LAWS. THE SECURITIES ARE
SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER SAID ACT AND
SUCH LAWS PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE COMMISSION,
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED
THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS UNLAWFUL;

(z) The Purchaser acknowledges
that the Warrants have not been recommended by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. In making an
investment decision, the Purchaser shall rely on its own examination of the Company and the terms of the Offering, including the
merits and risks involved. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of
this Subscription Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The Warrants
are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the Securities
Act and the applicable state securities laws or pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. Purchasers should be aware that
they will be required to bear the financial risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time;

(aa) (For ERISA plans
only) The fiduciary of the ERISA plan (the Plan) represents that such fiduciary has been informed
of and understands the Companys investment objectives, policies and strategies, and that the decision to invest plan
assets (as such term is defined in ERISA) in the Company is consistent with the provisions of ERISA that require diversification
of plan assets and impose other fiduciary responsibilities. The Purchaser or Plan fiduciary (a) is responsible for the decision
to invest in the Company; (b) is independent of the Company and any of its affiliates; (c) is qualified to make such investment
decision; and (d) in making such decision, the Purchaser or Plan fiduciary has not relied on any advice or recommendation of the
Company or any of its affiliates; and

(bb) The Purchaser has
read in its entirety the Transaction Documents and all exhibits, annexes and schedules thereto, including, but not limited to,
all information relating to the Company, the Warrants and the Shares, and understands to its full satisfaction all information
included in the Transaction Documents.

(cc) The Purchaser consents
to the placement of a legend on any certificate or other document evidencing the Warrants and the Shares that such securities have
not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities or blue sky laws and setting forth or referring
to the restrictions on transferability and sale thereof contained in this Subscription Agreement. The Purchaser is aware that the
Company will make a notation in its appropriate records with respect to the restrictions on the transferability of such Warrants
and Shares. The legend to be placed on each such certificate shall be in form substantially similar to the following:

NEITHER THIS SECURITY
NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE ACT) OR ANY STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED,
ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED ABSENT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION THEREOF UNDER SUCH ACT OR COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 PROMULGATED
UNDER SUCH ACT, OR UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL,
THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

(dd) The Purchaser acknowledges
that if he or she is a Registered Representative of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA)
member firm, he or she must give such firm the notice required by the FINRAs Rules of Fair Practice, receipt of which must
be acknowledged by such firm prior to an investment in the Warrants.

(ee) The Purchaser hereby
confirms that in consideration for the opportunity to subscribe for the Warrants and participate in this Offering, the Purchaser
hereby expressly and irrevocably waives in their entirety all present and future claims and/or demands the Purchasers rights
of participation pursuant to Section 11 of such Purchasers applicable Subscription Agreement(s) executed in connection with
the Companys prior offering of shares of Preferred Stock conducted between December 2024 and March 2025 (the Purchaser
Waiver). The Purchaser Waiver shall be deemed effective as of the date of this Agreement.

(ff) The Purchaser represents
that (i) the Purchaser was contacted regarding the sale of the Warrants by the Company or the Placement Agent (or another person
whom the Purchaser believed to be an authorized agent or representative thereof) with whom the Purchaser had a prior substantial
pre-existing relationship and (ii) it did not learn of the offering of the Warrants by means of any form of general solicitation
or general advertising, and in connection therewith, the Purchaser did not (A) receive or review any advertisement, article, notice
or other communication published in a newspaper or magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, whether closed
circuit, or generally available; or (B) attend any seminar meeting or industry investor conference whose attendees were invited
by any general solicitation or general advertising.

(gg) The Purchaser understands,
acknowledges and agrees with the Company that this subscription may be rejected, in whole or in part, by the Company or the Placement
Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time before any Closing notwithstanding prior receipt by the Purchaser of notice
of acceptance of the Purchasers subscription.

(hh) The Purchaser agrees
not to issue any public statement with respect to the Offering, Purchasers investment or proposed investment in the Company
or the terms of any agreement or covenant between them and the Company without the Companys prior written consent, except
such disclosures as may be required under applicable law.

(ii) The Purchaser acknowledges
that the information contained in the Transaction Documents or otherwise made available to the Purchaser is confidential and non-public
and agrees that all such information shall be kept in confidence by the Purchaser and neither used by the Purchaser for the Purchasers
personal benefit (other than in connection with this subscription) nor disclosed to any third party for any reason, notwithstanding
that a Purchasers subscription may not be accepted by the Company; provided, however, that (a) the Purchaser may disclose
such information to its affiliates and Advisors who may have a need for such information in connection with providing advice to
the Purchaser with respect to its investment in the Company so long as such affiliates and Advisors have an obligation of confidentiality,
and (b) this obligation shall not apply to any such information that (i) is part of the public knowledge or literature and readily
accessible at the date hereof, (ii) becomes part of the public knowledge or literature and readily accessible by publication (except
as a result of a breach of this provision) or (iii) is received from third parties without an obligation of confidentiality (except
third parties who disclose such information in violation of any confidentiality agreements or obligations, including, without limitation,
any subscription or other similar agreement entered into with the Company).

(jj) Other than with
respect to the transactions contemplated herein, since the earlier to occur of: (i) the time that the Purchaser was first contacted
by the Company or the Placement Agent regarding an investment in the Company and (ii) the thirtieth (30th)
day prior to the date hereof, neither the Purchaser nor any affiliate of the Purchaser which (x) had knowledge of the transactions
contemplated hereby, (y) has or shares discretion relating to the Purchasers investments or trading or information concerning
such Purchasers investments, including in respect of the Warrants or the Shares, or (z) is subject to the Purchasers
review or input concerning such affiliates investments or trading decisions (collectively, Trading Affiliates)
has, directly or indirectly, nor has any person acting on behalf of, or pursuant to, any understanding with such Purchaser or Trading
Affiliates effected or agreed to effect any transactions in the securities of the Company or involving the Companys securities.

6. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Subject to any qualifications set forth herein, the Company hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
The Company has no subsidiaries.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and
assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Company is not in violation or default of any of the provisions
of its respective certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. The Company is duly qualified
to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of
the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified
or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on
the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations,
assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse
effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction
Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Action (as defined below) has
been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and
authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Subscription Agreement, the Warrants and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement, the Warrants and each of the other Transaction
Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized
by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or
the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This
Subscription Agreement, the Warrants and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will
have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the
valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Subscription Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, the issuance and sale of the Warrants and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
to which it is a party do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys certificate of incorporation,
bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice
or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any lien, charge, pledge, security interest,
encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction (Lien) upon any of the properties
or assets of the Company, or provide others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without
notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company debt or otherwise)
or other understanding to which the Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, or
(iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal
and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; except in the
case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice
to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i)
the filing with the Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to Nasdaq for
the issuance and sale of the Conversion Shares (as defined below), the shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of
the Company (Common Stock), issuable to the Placement Agent or its representative(s) upon conversion
of the Companys Series C voting convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share and upon exercise of the Placement
Agent Warrants to be issued to the Placement Agent or its representative(s) in connection with the Offering, and the listing of
such shares of Common Stock for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iii) the filing of a Form D with
the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws(collectively, the Required
Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Warrants and the Shares. The Warrants are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and, if and as applicable, nonassessable, free and clear of
all Liens imposed by the Company. The Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are duly authorized and, when issued and paid
for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, including the Warrants, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid
and, if and as applicable, nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the Shares (the Conversion Shares), upon issuance in accordance with the terms of
the Certificate of Designation, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and, if and as applicable, nonassessable, free and
clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of
Preferred Stock for issuance of the Shares, and the Company has reserved from its duly authorized Common Stock a number of shares
of Common Stock at least equal to 100% of the number of Conversion Shares issuable to the Purchasers in the Offering on the date
hereof.

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the Companys SEC Reports (as defined below). Other than the securities
issued and issuable in connection with this Offering and the Transaction Documents the Company has not issued any capital stock
and/or any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without
limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock (Common Stock Equivalents)
not set forth in the SEC Reports. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive
right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Warrants and the other securities issued or issuable in connection with this
Offering and the Transaction Documents, or as described in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights
to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock,
Preferred Stock or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue
additional shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and as disclosed
in the Memorandum and in the other Transaction Documents, the issuance and sale of the Warrants will not obligate the Company to
issue shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result
in a right of any holder of securities of the Company to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of
such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other securities of the Company are duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in material compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none
of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.
No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale
of the Warrants. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar
agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company,
between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof,
for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such
material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively
referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such
time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable,
and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the
time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied
on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such
financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required
by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of and for the dates thereof and
the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof: (i) there has
been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
(ii) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued
expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected
in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company
has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other
property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock,
and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company
stock option plans. Except for the issuance of the Warrants contemplated by this Subscription Agreement, no event, liability, fact,
circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the
Company or its businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the
Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed
at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation.
There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative
agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action)
which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents, the Warrants
or the Shares or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. Except as described in the SEC Reports, since December 31, 2023, neither the Company, nor any director or officer thereof,
is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws
or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission or any state securities administrator involving the Company or any current or former director
or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Compliance.
Other than with respect to any actions taken by the Company subject to that certain September 2024 waiver between the Company and
H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, the Company is not: (i) in default under or in violation of and no event has occurred that has
not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other
agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or
violation has been waived), (ii) in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) and has not been, in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including
without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health
and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Regulatory
Permits. The Company possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or
foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as presently conducted, except where the failure
to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits),
and the Company has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(m) Title
to Assets. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property
owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not
materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and (ii) Liens for the payment of
federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP, and the payment of which
is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company are held by them
under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company is in compliance.

(n) Intellectual
Property.

(i) The term Intellectual Property Rights includes:

1. the name of the Company, all fictional business names, trading names, registered and unregistered trademarks, service marks, and applications (collectively, Marks);

2. all patents, patent applications, and inventions and discoveries that may be patentable (collectively, Patents);

3. all copyrights in both published works and unpublished works (collectively, Copyrights); and

4. all know-how, trade secrets, confidential information, customer lists, software, technical information, data, process technology, plans, drawings, and blue prints (collectively, Trade Secrets) owned, used, or licensed by the Company as licensee or licensor.

(ii) Agreements.
There are no outstanding and, to the Companys knowledge, no threatened disputes or disagreements with respect to any contracts
relating to Intellectual Property Rights to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.

(iii) Know-How
Necessary for the Business. The Intellectual Property Rights are all those necessary for the operation of the Companys
businesses as it is currently conducted or as represented, in writing, to the Purchasers to be conducted. The Company is the owner
of all right, title, and interest in and to each of the Intellectual Property Rights, free and clear of all liens, security interests,
charges, encumbrances, equities, and other adverse claims, and has the right to use all of the Intellectual Property Rights. To
the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company has entered into any contract that restricts or limits in any way the
scope or type of work in which the employee may be engaged or requires the employee to transfer, assign, or disclose information
concerning his work to anyone other than of the Company.

(iv) Know-How
Necessary for the Business. All of the issued Patents are currently in compliance with formal legal requirements (including
payment of filing, examination, and maintenance fees and proofs of working or use), are valid and enforceable, and are not subject
to any maintenance fees or taxes or actions falling due within ninety days after the Closing Date. No Patent has been or is now
involved in any interference, reissue, reexamination, or opposition proceeding. To the Companys knowledge: (1) there is
no potentially interfering patent or patent application of any third party, and (2) no Patent is infringed or has been challenged
or threatened in any way. To the Companys knowledge, none of the products manufactured and sold, nor any process or know-how
used, by the Company infringes or is alleged to infringe any patent or other proprietary right of any other Person.

(v) Trademarks.
The Company is the owner of all right, title, and interest in and to each of the Marks, free and clear of all Liens and other adverse
claims. All Marks that have been registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office are currently in compliance with
all formal legal requirements (including the timely post-registration filing of affidavits of use and incontestability and renewal
applications), are valid and enforceable, and are not subject to any maintenance fees or taxes or actions falling due within ninety
days after the Closing Date. No Mark has been or is now involved in any opposition, invalidation, or cancellation and, to the Companys
knowledge, no such action is threatened with respect to any of the Marks. To the Companys knowledge: (1) there is no potentially
interfering trademark or trademark application of any third party, and (2) no Mark is infringed or has been challenged or threatened
in any way. To the Companys knowledge, none of the Marks used by the Company infringes or is alleged to infringe any trade
name, trademark, or service mark of any third party.

(vi) Copyrights.
The Company is the owner of all right, title, and interest in and to each of the Copyrights, free and clear of all Liens and other
adverse claims. All the Copyrights have been registered and are currently in compliance with formal requirements, are valid and
enforceable, and are not subject to any maintenance fees or taxes or actions falling due within ninety days after the date of the
Closing. No Copyright is infringed or, to the Companys knowledge, has been challenged or threatened in any way. To the Companys
knowledge, none of the subject matter of any of the Copyrights infringes or is alleged to infringe any copyright of any third party
or is a derivative work based on the work of a third party. All works encompassed by the Copyrights have been marked with the proper
copyright notice.

(vii) Trade
Secrets. With respect to each Trade Secret, the documentation relating to such Trade Secret is current, accurate, and sufficient
in detail and content to identify and explain it and to allow its full and proper use without reliance on the knowledge or memory
of any individual. The Company has taken all reasonable precautions to protect the secrecy, confidentiality, and value of its Trade
Secrets. The Company has good title and an absolute (but not necessarily exclusive) right to use the Trade Secrets. The Trade Secrets
are not part of the public knowledge or literature, and, to the Companys knowledge, have not been used, divulged, or appropriated
either for the benefit of any Person (other than the Company) or to the detriment of the Company. No Trade Secret is subject to
any adverse claim or has been challenged or threatened in any way.

(o) Insurance.
The Company has general liability and directors and officers insurance coverage through an insurer of recognized financial responsibility
against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the business in which the Company is engaged.
The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from a similar insurer as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant
increase in cost.

(p) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company and,
to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company
(other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing
for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing
of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer,
director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $100,000 other than for: (i) payment of salary or
consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee
benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(q) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Warrants
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Warrants for sale only to the Purchasers
and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(r) Certain
Fees. No brokerage, finders fees, commissions or due diligence fees are or will be payable by the Company to any broker,
financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents except for the fees payable to the Placement Agent pursuant to the Placement Agent Agreement
and the Consulting Agreement. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made
by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section 6(r) that may be due in connection with
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(s) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Warrants, will not
be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(t) Registration
Rights. Except as described in the SEC Reports, no Person other than the Purchasers has any right to cause the Company to effect
the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company.

(u) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 of this
Subscription Agreement, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Warrants by the Company
to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby.

(v) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render
inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents)
or the laws of the State of Nevada that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result
of the Companys issuance of the Warrants and the Purchasers ownership of the Warrants.

(w) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company
confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their respective Advisors
with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands
and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.
All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company, its respective businesses
and the transactions contemplated hereby, when taken together as a whole, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations
or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 5
hereof.

(x) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section
5, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this
offering of the Warrants to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act which would require
the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act.

(y) Reserved.

(z) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income
and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes
and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports
and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods
subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount
claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim.

(aa) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any agent or other person acting on behalf of
the Company, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful
expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials
or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully
any contribution made by the Company (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation
of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(bb) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting
solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in
any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given
by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Warrants. The Company further represents to
each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Subscription Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(cc) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial
record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving
the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(dd) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plans was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value
of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted
under the Companys stock option plans has been backdated.

(ee) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company is in material compliance with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which
are applicable to it as of the Closing Date. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide
reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations,
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain
asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization,
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action
is taken with respect to any differences. The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers
have evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
by the Companys most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date).
Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined in the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys
internal control over financial reporting.

(ff) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and except
as set forth in the SEC Reports the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect
of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that
the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and the Memorandum, the Company
has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from Nasdaq to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of Nasdaq. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and the Memorandum, the Company
is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing
and maintenance requirements.

(gg) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Warrants or the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting
purchases of, any of the securities of the Company, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting
another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), the compensation paid
to the Placement Agent pursuant to the Placement Agent Agreement and the Consulting Agreement.

(hh) DTC
Status. The Companys transfer agent is a participant in and the Conversion Shares and Common Stock are eligible for
transfer pursuant to the Depository Trust Company Automated Securities Transfer Program.

(ii) OFAC.
Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or person acting on
its behalf, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury
Department (OFAC); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the sale of
the Warrants, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any joint venture partner or other person or entity,
towards any sales or operations in Russia, Cuba, Iran, Syria, Sudan, Myanmar or any other country sanctioned by OFAC or for the
purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions.

(jj) Reserved.

(kk) Reserved.

(ll) Bad Actor Disqualification.

(i) No Disqualification
Events. With respect to the Warrants to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities Act, none
of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating
in the offering, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on
the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company
in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)
to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event
covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is
subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under
Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Placement Agent and the Purchaser a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(ii) Other
Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person that (i) has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration
for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of the Warrants and (ii) who is subject to a Disqualification Event.

(iii) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Placement Agent in writing of (i) any Disqualification Event relating
to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating
to any Issuer Covered Person, prior to any Closing of this Offering.

7. Indemnification.
The Purchaser agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Placement Agent and each of their respective officers, directors,
managers, employees, agents, attorneys, control persons and affiliates from and against all losses, liabilities, claims, damages,
costs, fees and expenses whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all expenses incurred in investigating, preparing or
defending against any litigation commenced or threatened) based upon or arising out of any actual or alleged false acknowledgement,
representation or warranty, or misrepresentation or omission to state a material fact, or breach by the Purchaser of any covenant
or agreement made by the Purchaser herein or in any other document delivered in connection with this Subscription Agreement.

8. Binding Effect.
This Subscription Agreement will survive the death or disability of the Purchaser and will be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives, and permitted
assigns. If the Purchaser is more than one person, the obligations of the Purchaser hereunder will be joint and several and the
agreements, representations, warranties and acknowledgments herein will be deemed to be made by and be binding upon each such person
and such persons heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns.

9. Modification.
This Subscription Agreement will not be modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom
any such modification or waiver is sought.

10. Notices. Any
notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder will be in writing and will be electronically delivered
or mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, or delivered against receipt to the party to whom it is to be given (a)
if to the Company, at the address set forth in this Subscription Agreement or (b) if to the Purchaser, at the e-mail address or
address set forth on the signature page hereof (or, in either case, to such other e-mail address or address as the party will have
furnished in writing in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10). Any notice or other communication given by certified
mail will be deemed given at the time of certification thereof, except for a notice changing a partys address, which will
be deemed given at the time of receipt thereof. Any notice or other communication given by overnight courier will be deemed given
at the time of delivery.

11. [Reserved.]

12. Participation in Certain Subsequent Financings.

(a) Upon the later of six (6) months from (i) the effective date of the registration statement registering the reoffer and resale by the Purchaser of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Shares purchased in the Companys most recent financing or (ii) the Purchasers investment in this Offering, upon any proposed issuance by the Company of shares of common stock and/or Common Stock Equivalents at an effective price per share that is lower than the conversion price of the Shares then in effect (the Certain Financing), each Purchaser shall have the right to participate in such Certain Financing up to the aggregate exercise price actually paid for exercising the Warrants sold in this Offering on substantially the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Certain Financing.

(b) At least ten (10) Trading Days prior to the consummation of the Certain Financing, the Company shall cause the Placement Agent to deliver to each Purchaser a written notice of the Companys intention to effect a Certain Financing (Written Pre-Notice), which Written Pre-Notice shall request whether such Purchaser would like to review the details of such financing (such additional notice, a Certain Financing Notice). Upon the request of a Purchaser, and only upon a request by such Purchaser, for a Certain Financing Notice, the Company shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Trading Day after such request, deliver a Certain Financing Notice to such Purchaser. The requesting Purchaser shall be deemed to have acknowledged that the Certain Financing Notice may contain material non-public information. The Certain Financing Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Certain Financing and the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder.

(c) Any Purchaser desiring to participate in such Certain Financing must provide written notice to the Company by not later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after all of the Purchasers have received the Written Pre-Notice that the Purchaser is willing to participate in the Certain Financing, the amount of such Purchasers participation, and representing and warranting that such Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the Certain Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such notice from a Purchaser as of such tenth (10th) Trading Day, such Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 12 and unless otherwise agreed to by such Purchaser, the Company shall either confirm in writing to such Purchaser that the Certain Financing has been abandoned or shall publicly disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Certain Financing, in either case in such a manner such that such Purchaser will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the tenth (10th) Trading Day following delivery of the Certain Financing Notice. If by such tenth (10th) Trading Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction with respect to the Certain Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received by such Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and such Purchaser shall not be deemed to be in possession of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company.

13. Assignability.
This Subscription Agreement and the rights, interests and obligations hereunder are not transferable or assignable by the Purchaser
and the transfer or assignment of any of the Warrants will be made only in accordance with all applicable laws.

14. Applicable Law.
This Subscription Agreement will be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of New York as applied to agreements
among New York residents entered into and to be performed entirely within New York. The parties hereto (1) agree that any legal
suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Subscription Agreement will be instituted exclusively in New York
State Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, (2) waive
any objection which the parties hereto may have now or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and (3) irrevocably
consent to the jurisdiction of the New York State Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the parties hereto further agrees to accept and acknowledge
service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York State Supreme Court,
County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process
upon it mailed by certified mail to its address will be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon it, in any such
suit, action or proceeding. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF
ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT, THE WARRANTS, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR ANY DOCUMENT
OR AGREEMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

15. Blue Sky Qualification.
The purchase of Warrants pursuant to this Subscription Agreement is expressly conditioned upon the exemption from qualification
of the offer and sale of the Warrants from applicable federal and state securities laws. 

16. Use of Pronouns.
All pronouns and any variations thereof used herein will be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine, neutral, singular or
plural as the identity of the person or persons referred to may require.

17. Confidentiality.
The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that any information or data the Purchaser has acquired from or about the Company not
otherwise properly in the public domain, was received in confidence. The Purchaser agrees not to divulge, communicate or disclose,
except as may be required by law or for the performance of this Subscription Agreement, or use to the detriment of the Company
or for the benefit of any other person or persons, or misuse in any way, any confidential information of the Company, including
any trade or business secrets of the Company and any business materials that are treated by the Company as confidential or proprietary,
including, without limitation, confidential information obtained by or given to the Company about or belonging to third parties.

18. Miscellaneous.

(a) This Subscription
Agreement, together with the Warrants and the other applicable Transaction Documents, constitute the entire agreement between the
Purchaser and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior oral or written agreements and understandings,
if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. The terms and provisions of this Subscription Agreement may be waived, or consent
for the departure therefrom granted, only by a written document executed by the party entitled to the benefits of such terms or
provisions.

(b) Each of the Purchasers
and the Companys representations and warranties made in this Subscription Agreement will survive the execution and delivery
hereof and delivery of the Warrants.

(c) Each of the parties
hereto will pay its own fees and expenses (including the fees of any attorneys, accountants, appraisers or others engaged by such
party) in connection with this Subscription Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby whether or not the transactions
contemplated hereby are consummated.

(d) This Subscription
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which will together
constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall be treated as original signatures.

(e) Each provision of
this Subscription Agreement will be considered separable and, if for any reason any provision or provisions hereof are determined
to be invalid or contrary to applicable law, such invalidity or illegality will not impair the operation of or affect the remaining
portions of this Subscription Agreement.

(f) Paragraph titles
are for descriptive purposes only and will not control or alter the meaning of this Subscription Agreement as set forth in the
text.

19. Signature Page.
It is hereby agreed by the parties hereto that the execution by the Purchaser of this Subscription Agreement, in the place set
forth herein below, will be deemed and constitute the agreement by the Purchaser to be bound by all of the terms and conditions
hereof as well each of the other applicable Transaction Documents, and will be deemed and constitute the execution by the Purchaser
of all such Transaction Documents without requiring the Purchasers separate signature on any of such Transaction Documents.

ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING REQUIREMENTS

The USA PATRIOT Act What is money laundering? How big is the problem and why is it important?

The USA PATRIOT Act is designed to detect,
deter, and punish terrorists in the United States and abroad. The Act imposes anti-money laundering requirements on brokerage firms
and financial institutions. Since April 24, 2002, all brokerage firms have been required to have new, comprehensive anti-money
laundering programs.

To help you understand these efforts, we
want to provide you with some information about money laundering and our steps to implement the USA PATRIOT Act.

Money laundering is the process of disguising illegally obtained money so that the funds appear to come from legitimate sources or activities. Money laundering occurs in connection with a wide variety of crimes, including illegal arms sales, drug trafficking, robbery, fraud, racketeering, and terrorism. The use of the U.S. financial system by criminals to facilitate terrorism or other crimes could well taint our financial markets. According to the U.S. State Department, one recent estimate puts the amount of worldwide money laundering activity at an estimated two to nearly four trillion dollars a year.

What are we required to do to eliminate money laundering?

Under the rules required by the USA PATRIOT Act, our anti-money laundering program must designate a special compliance officer, set up employee training, conduct independent audits, and establish policies and procedures to detect and report suspicious transaction and ensure compliance with the new laws. As part of our required program, we may ask you to provide various identification documents or other information. Until you provide the information or documents we need, we may not be able to effect any transactions for you.

LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

OMNIBUS SIGNATURE PAGE TO SUBSCRIPTION
AGREEMENT AND REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

The Purchaser hereby elects to purchase
a total of _________ Warrants, for an aggregate subscription amount of $____________. (NOTE: to be completed by the Purchaser).

By execution and delivery of this omnibus
signature page, you are (a) agreeing to become (i) a Purchaser, as defined above, and (ii) a party to the Registration Rights Agreement,
dated as of _______ __, 2025.

If the Purchaser is an INDIVIDUAL, and if purchased as JOINT TENANTS, as TENANTS IN COMMON, or as COMMUNITY PROPERTY: 

Purchaser: 

Print Name Social Security Number 

Signature Date Mailing Address 

E-mail Address 

Co-Purchaser (if applicable): 

Print Name Social Security Number 

Signature Date Mailing Address (if different from above) 

E-mail Address (if different from above) 

If the Purchaser is a PARTNERSHIP, CORPORATION, LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY or TRUST:

Name of Partnership, Corporation, Limited Liability Company or Trust Federal Taxpayer Identification Number 

Signature Date 

Print Name and Title Business Address 

Title E-mail Address 

AGREED AND ACCEPTED:

LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

Print Name Date 

Title 

LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

ACCREDITED INVESTOR CERTIFICATION

For Individual Investors Only

(All individual investors must INITIAL
where appropriate. 

Where there are joint investors both
parties must INITIAL):

Initial(s) I certify that I have a net worth of at least $1 million either individually or through aggregating my individual holdings and those in which I have a joint, community property or other similar shared ownership interest with my spouse. For purposes of calculating net worth under this paragraph, (i) the primary residence shall not be included as an asset, (ii) to the extent that the indebtedness that is secured by the primary residence is in excess of the fair market value of the primary residence, the excess amount shall be included as a liability, and (iii) if the amount of outstanding indebtedness that is secured by the primary residence exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days prior to the execution of this Subscription Agreement, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall be included as a liability.

Initial(s) I certify that I have had an annual gross income for the past two years of at least $200,000 (or $300,000 jointly with my spouse) and expect my income (or joint income, as appropriate) to reach the same level in the current year.

For Non-Individual Investors

(all Non-Individual Investors must INITIAL
where appropriate):

Initial(s) The undersigned certifies that it is a partnership, corporation, limited liability company or business trust that is 100% owned by persons who meet either of the criteria for individual investors, above.

Initial(s) The undersigned certifies that it is a partnership, corporation, limited liability company or business trust that has total assets of at least $5 million and was not formed for the purpose of investing in the Company.

Initial(s) The undersigned certifies that it is an employee benefit plan whose investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary (as defined in ERISA 3(21)) that is a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company or registered investment adviser.

Initial(s) The undersigned certifies that it is an employee benefit plan whose total assets exceed $5,000,000 as of the date of the Subscription Agreement.

Initial(s) The undersigned certifies that it is a self-directed employee benefit plan whose investment decisions are made solely by persons who meet either of the criteria for individual investors, above.

Initial(s) The undersigned certifies that it is a U.S. bank, U.S. savings and loan association or other similar U.S. institution acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity.

Initial(s) The undersigned certifies that it is a broker-dealer registered pursuant to 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Initial(s) The undersigned certifies that it is an organization described in 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code with total assets exceeding $5,000,000 and not formed for the specific purpose of investing in the Company.

Initial(s) The undersigned certifies that it is a trust with total assets of at least $5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose of investing in Company, and whose purchase is directed by a person with such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that he is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment.

Initial(s) The undersigned certifies that it is a plan established and maintained by a state or its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, for the benefit of its employees, and which has total assets in excess of $5,000,000.

Initial(s) The undersigned certifies that it is an insurance company as defined in 2(a)(13) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or a registered investment company.

LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

Purchaser Profile

(Must be completed
by Purchaser)

Section A - Individual Purchaser Information

EXACT Title in Which Warrants Should be Held: 

Individual Executing Profile: 

Social Security Number(s) / Federal I.D. Number: 

Date of Birth: Marital Status: 

Joint Party Date of Birth: 

Investment Experience (Years): 

Annual Income: 

Net Worth: 

Home Street Address: 

Home City, State & Zip Code: 

Home Phone: Home Fax: 

Home Email: 

Employer: 

Employer Street Address: 

Employer City, State & Zip Code: 

Bus. Phone: Bus. Fax: 

Bus. Email: 

Type of Business: 

Please check if you are a FINRA member or affiliate of a FINRA member firm.

Section B Entity Purchaser
Information

EXACT Title in Which Warrants Should be Held: 

Authorized Individual Executing Profile or Trustee: 

Social Security Numbers / Federal I.D. Number: 

Investment Experience (Years): 

Annual Income: 

Net Worth: 

Was a Trust formed for the specific purpose of purchasing the
Warrants?

Yes No

Principal Purpose (Trust): 

Type of Business: 

Street Address: 

City, State & Zip Code: 

Phone: Fax: 

Email: 

Please check if you are a FINRA member or affiliate of a FINRA member firm.

Section C Form of Payment
Check or Wire Transfer

Check payable to LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

Wire funds from my outside account according to the To subscribe for Warrants exercisable for shares of Series B Preferred Stock in the private offering of LIPELLA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. page (see Page 1).

The funds for this investment are rolled over, tax deferred from within the allowed 60-day window.

Section D Warrant Delivery
Instructions (check one)

Please deliver my Warrants to the below address:

Purchaser Signature: Date: 

Joint Signature (if applicable): Date: 

Selling Stockholder Notice and
Questionnaire

Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Selling
Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire

The undersigned beneficial
owners of purchase warrants exercisable for shares of the Series B preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred
Stock), of Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company), understand that the Company has filed or
intends to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement
on Form S-1 or S-3 (the Registration Statement) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), for the registration of the resale of the shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, issuable upon conversion
of the Preferred Stock that may be issued upon exercise of the Warrants held by the undersigned (the Registrable Securities)
in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement of even date herewith by and among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto (the Registration Rights Agreement). A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available
from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. This Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire (this Questionnaire)
is being furnished to you and other stockholders whose Registrable Securities will be included in the Registration Statement. This
Questionnaire seeks information necessary to complete the registration of these shares with the Commission.

To sell or otherwise
dispose of any Registrable Securities in the resale offering, a holder or beneficial owner of Registrable Securities will be required
to agree to be named as a selling stockholder in the prospectus that forms a part of the Registration Statement and execute and
return this Questionnaire.

Please respond to
every question unless otherwise directed. If the answer is none or not applicable, please so state.
Please include all information sought by the related question. Unless stated otherwise, answers should be given as of the date
you complete this Questionnaire. If there is any response or underlying factual matter about which you are uncertain, please discuss
the matter fully and include any additional explanation or information which you believe is helpful.

Certain legal consequences
arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the prospectus that forms a part thereof. Accordingly,
holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences
of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and such prospectus.

Please complete, sign, date
and email or fax this Questionnaire as soon as possible to David E. Danovitch, Esq. at Sullivan & Worcester LLP, email: ______.
Please call _____ at Sullivan & Worcester LLP with any questions regarding this Questionnaire.

NOTICE

The undersigned beneficial
owner (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to register for resale the Registrable
Securities owned by it and listed below in Question 5 (unless otherwise specified under such Question 5) in the Registration Statement.

The undersigned hereby provides the following
information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name. Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder:

2. Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder.

Telephone: 

Fax: 

Email address: 

Contact Person: 

3. Relationship with the Company.

Describe the nature of any position,
office or other material relationship the Selling Stockholder has had with the Company during the past three years:

4. Organizational Structure. Please indicate or (if applicable) describe how the Selling Stockholder is organized.

(a) Is the Selling Stockholder a natural person? (If so, please mark the box and skip to Question 5.)

Yes 
No 

(b) Is the Selling Stockholder a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)? (If so, please mark the box and skip to Question 5.)

Yes 
No 

(c) Is the Selling Stockholder a majority-owned subsidiary of a reporting company under the Exchange Act? (If so, please mark the box and skip to Question 5.)

Yes 
No 

(d) Is the Selling Stockholder a registered investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? (If so, please mark the box and skip to Question 5.)

Yes 
No 

If the answer to all of the foregoing questions is
no, please complete the following:

(e) Legal Description of Selling Stockholder:

Please describe
the type of legal entity that the Selling Stockholder is (e.g., corporation, partnership, limited liability company, etc.);

(f) Please indicate whether the Selling Stockholder is controlled by another entity (such as a parent company, a corporate member, corporate shareholder, etc.) or is controlled by a natural person.

Controlled by: Natural Person(s) Entity 

If you checked Natural Person(s):

Please indicate the name of
the natural person(s) who has voting or investment control over the shares held by the Selling Stockholder and the position
of control that person(s) holds in or over the Selling Stockholder, then move to Question 5.

Name of natural person(s): 

Controlling position in Selling Stockholder (e.g., sole member, controlling shareholder, sole stockholder, trustee, etc.):

If you checked Entity:

Please indicate the name and
type of entity that controls the Selling Stockholder.

Name of controlling entity: 

Type of legal entity (e.g., corporation, partnership, limited liability company, etc.):

Is this entity controlled
by another entity (such as a parent company, a corporate member, corporate shareholder, etc.) or is it controlled by a natural
person?

Controlled by: Natural Person(s) Entity* 

If you checked Natural Person(s):

Name of natural person(s) who controls this entity and has voting or investment control over the shares held by the Selling Stockholder the Selling Stockholder:

Natural persons position in this entity (e.g., sole member, controlling shareholder, sole stockholder, trustee, etc.):

*If you answered Entity
here, please repeat step (f) for each controlling entity moving up the corporate chain of control until you reach the level at
which there is only a natural person or persons in control (e.g., Acme LLC is controlled by ABC Corp., its member, which is controlled
by X shareholder, its controlling shareholder). List the name of the entities along that chain of control, the types of entity
each is, the natural person(s) in control of the ultimately controlling entity, and his or her control position over that entity
in the lines below:

5. Beneficial Ownership of Registrable Securities:

This question covers beneficial
ownership of the Companys securities.

(a) Please state the number of Warrants, shares of the Preferred Stock and any other securities of the Company (including shares of common stock) that the Selling Stockholder beneficially owns as of the date of this Questionnaire:

(b) Please state the number of Registrable Securities that the Selling Stockholder wishes to have registered for resale in the Registration Statement.

Shares: ______________________

6. Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Is the Selling Stockholder a broker-dealer?

Yes 
No 

(b) If yes to Question 6(a), did the Selling Stockholder receive the Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes 
No 

Note: If the answer to Question 6(b) is no, Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) Is the Selling Stockholder an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes 
No 

(d) If the Selling Stockholder is an affiliate of a broker-dealer, does the Selling Stockholder certify that it purchased the Preferred Stock in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Preferred Stock and each conversion of the Preferred Stock into Registrable Securities to be resold, the Selling Stockholder had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes 
No 

Note: If the answer to Question 6(d) no, the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

7. Legal Proceedings with the Company. Is the Company a party to any pending legal proceeding in which the Selling Stockholder is named as an adverse party?

Yes 
No 

State
any exceptions here:

8. Reliance on Responses. The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the Company and its legal counsel shall be entitled to rely on its responses in this Questionnaire in all matters pertaining to the Registration Statement and the sale of any Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

The undersigned agrees
to promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the
date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective.

By signing below, the
undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Questions 1 through 7 and the inclusion
of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF
the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its
duly authorized agent.

BENEFICIAL OWNER (individual) BENEFICIAL OWNER (entity)

Print Name Name of Entity

Signature Signature

Print Name: 

Signature (if Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common) 

Title: 

PLEASE PDF A COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND
EXECUTED QUESTIONNAIRE, AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL TO:

David E. Danovitch, Esq.

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

Email: 

Phone:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g084733_ex10-8.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.8
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.8

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of ______, 2025 by and between Lipella Pharmaceuticals
Inc.,a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the undersigned signatory hereto (together with
its permitted assigns, the Buyer). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have
the respective meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement, dated the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Buyer
(the Subscription Agreement).

WHEREAS:

The
Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Subscription Agreement, to sell to the Buyer purchase
warrants (the Warrants) exercisable for shares of Series B non-voting convertible preferred stock, par value
$0.0001 per share of the Company (the Series B Preferred Stock), and to induce the Buyer to enter into the
Subscription Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the Securities Act),
and applicable state securities laws.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS.

As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

a.
Effective Date means the date that the applicable Registration Statement has been declared effective by the
SEC.

b.
Investor means the Buyer, any transferee or assignee thereof to whom a Buyer assigns its rights under this
Agreement in accordance with Section 9 and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement, and
any transferee or assignee thereof to whom a transferee or assignee assigns its rights under this Agreement in accordance with Section
9 and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement.

c.
Person means any individual or entity including but not limited to any corporation, a limited liability company,
an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or
a governmental agency.

d.
Register, registered, and registration refer to a registration
effected by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous basis (Rule
415), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

e.
Registrable Securities means (i) any and all shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the
Company (Common Stock) that may, from time to time, be issued or become issuable to the Investor upon conversion
of the Series B Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants purchased by the Buyer pursuant to the Subscription Agreement
(without regard to any limitation or restriction on purchases) (such shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Shares),
(ii) any Filing Default Shares (as defined below) or Effectiveness Default Shares (as defined below) to which Investor may be
entitled under this Agreement, and (iii) any and all Conversion Shares, Filing Default Shares, Effectiveness Default Shares held
by an Investor as a result of any share split, share dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise, without
regard to any limitation on purchases under the Subscription Agreement; provided, that a security shall cease to be a Registrable
Security upon (A) sale pursuant to a Registration Statement or Rule 144 (as defined below), or (B) such security becoming eligible
for sale without restriction by the Investor holding such security pursuant to Rule 144, including without any manner of sale
or volume limitations, and without the requirement to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) (or any successor thereto) promulgated
under the Securities Act.

f.
Registration Statement means one or more registration statements of the Company covering the reoffer and
resale of the Registrable Securities.

2. REGISTRATION.

a. Mandatory
Registration. The Company shall, within thirty (30) days after the initial closing of the Offering and thirty (30) days
after each subsequent closing (each, a Filing Deadline), file with the SEC a Registration Statement covering
the maximum number of Registrable Securities as shall be permitted to be included thereon so as to permit the resale of such Registrable
Securities by the Investor under Rule 415 under the Securities Act at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), as
mutually determined by both the Company and the Investor in consultation with their respective legal counsel. The Investor and
its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon the Registration Statements and any amendment or supplement
to such Registration Statements and any related prospectus prior to their respective filings with the SEC, and the Company shall
give due consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall promptly furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company
for inclusion therein. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statements and any amendment
declared effective by the SEC no later than the Effectiveness Deadline (defined below). The Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to keep the Registration Statements effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available
for the resale by the Investor of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the date on which the Investor
shall have resold all the Registrable Securities (the Registration Period). The Registration Statements (including
any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

b. Rule
424 Prospectus. The Company shall, as required by applicable securities regulations, from time to time file with the SEC,
pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, the prospectus and prospectus supplements, if any, to be used in connection
with sales of the Registrable Securities under the Registration Statements. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable
opportunity to review and comment upon such prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give due consideration
to all such comments. The Investor shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to comment upon such prospectus within one (1)
Business Day (as defined below) from the date the Investor receives the final pre-filing version of such prospectus. By 8:30 a.m.
(New York time) on the Business Day immediately following each Effective Date, the Company shall file with the SEC in accordance
with Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act the final prospectus to be used in connection with sales pursuant to the applicable Registration
Statement (whether or not such a prospectus is technically required by such rule). The term Business Day means any
day except Saturdays, Sundays, any day that is a federal holiday in the United States, and any day on which the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York is not open for business.

c. Sufficient
Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares of Common Stock available under the Registration Statements
is insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend the Registration Statements or file a new
Registration Statement (a New Registration Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities
(subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2(a)) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than fourteen
(14) calendar days after the necessity therefor arises, subject to any limits that may be imposed by the SEC pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such amendment and/or New Registration
Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the filing thereof.

d. Offering.
If the staff of the SEC (the Staff) or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a Registration
Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that does not permit such Registration Statement
to become effective and be used for resales by the Investor under Rule 415 at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices),
or if after the filing of a Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company is otherwise
required by the Staff or the SEC to reduce the number of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, then
the Company shall reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such Registration Statement (with the prior consent
of the Investor and its legal counsel as to the specific Registrable Securities to be removed therefrom) until such time as the
Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid. In the event of any
reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall file one or more New Registration Statements
in accordance with Section 2(c) until such time as all Registrable Securities have been included in Registration
Statements that have been declared effective and the prospectus contained therein is available for use by the Investor. Notwithstanding
any provision herein or in the Subscription Agreement to the contrary, the Companys obligations to register Registrable
Securities (and any related conditions to the Investors obligations) shall be qualified as necessary to comport with any
requirement of the SEC or the Staff as addressed in this Section 2(d).

2

e. Effect
of Failure to File and Obtain and Maintain Effectiveness of any Registration Statement.

(i)
If a Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities required
to be covered thereby (disregarding any reduction pursuant to Section 2(d)) and required to be filed by the Company pursuant
to this Agreement is not filed with the SEC on or before the Filing Deadline (a Filing Failure) (it being
understood that any delay as the result of (A) the Investors failure to promptly furnish all information reasonably requested
by the Company for inclusion in such Registration Statement or (B) any unavailability of the SECs EDGAR system shall not
constitute a Filing Failure), then, as partial relief for the damages to Investor by reason of any such delay in its ability to
sell the underlying shares of Common Stock (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available at law or in equity,
including, without limitation, specific performance), the Company shall issue to the Investor its pro rata portion of 100,000
shares of Common Stock (the Filing Default Shares) (or at the Companys option, its cash equivalent
at that time), within five (5) Business Days after such Filing Failure, and its pro rata portion of 100,000 shares of Common Stock
(or at the Companys option, its cash equivalent at that time) every thirty (30) Business Days until the Filing Failure
is cured. 

(ii)
If a Registration Statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities required to be covered thereby (disregarding
any reduction pursuant to Section 2(d)) and required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement (x) is not declared
effective by the SEC on or before the Effectiveness Deadline (as defined below) for such Registration Statement (an Effectiveness
Failure) (it being understood that any delay as the result of the Investors failure to promptly furnish all
information reasonably requested by the Company for inclusion in such Registration Statement, or any delay caused solely by a
requirement of the Staff or the SEC to reduce the number of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, shall
not constitute an Effectiveness Failure), and (y) if on the Business Day immediately following the Effective Date for such Registration
Statement the Company shall not have filed a final prospectus for such Registration Statement with the SEC under
Rule 424 in accordance with Section 2(b) (whether or not such a prospectus is technically required by such rule), then, as
partial relief for the damages to Investor by reason of any such delay in its ability to sell the underlying shares of Common
Stock (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available at law or in equity, including, without limitation,
the remedies set forth in Section 2(e)(i) above) the Company shall be deemed to not have satisfied this clause (ii) and such event
shall be deemed to be an Effectiveness Failure, then the Company shall issue to the Investor its pro rata portion of 100,000 shares
of Common Stock (the Effectiveness Default Shares) (or at the Companys option, its cash equivalent
at that time), within five (5) Business Days after such Filing Failure, and its pro rata portion of 100,000 shares of Common Stock
(or at the Companys option, its cash equivalent at that time) every thirty (30) Business Days until the Effectiveness Failure
is cured.

(iii)
Effectiveness Deadline means (i) with respect to each Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant
to Section 2(a), the earlier of the (A) sixtieth (60th) calendar day following the Filing Deadline and (B) second (2nd)
Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that such Registration
Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review and (ii) with respect to any additional Registration Statements
that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the earlier of the (A) sixtieth (60th)
calendar day following the date on which the Company was required to file such additional Registration Statement and (B) second
(2nd) Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that
such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review; provided however, that in the event
of a federal government shutdown that results in the Staff of the SEC being furloughed and unavailable to conduct a review of
any Registration Statement (a Government Shutdown), the Effectiveness Deadline will be extended by such number
of calendar days of such Government Shutdown.

3

3. RELATED
OBLIGATIONS.

With
respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be registered pursuant to Section
2 including on any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration
of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company
shall have the following obligations:

a.
The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to any registration
statement and the prospectus used in connection with such registration statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to
Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement or any New Registration
Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the Securities
Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statement or any
New Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with
the intended methods of disposition by the Investor as set forth in such registration statement.

b.
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement
and all amendments and supplements thereto at least five (5) Business Days prior to their filing with the SEC (provided that any
Business Days beyond such five (5) Business Days will not be counted for the purpose of determining a Filing Failure or Effectiveness
Failure), and not file any document in a form to which Investor reasonably objects. The Investor shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to comment upon the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto
within three (3) Business Days from the date the Investor receives the final version thereof. The Company shall furnish to the
Investor, without charge any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC to the Company or its representatives relating
to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement.

c.
Upon request of the Investor, the Company shall furnish to the Investor, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with
the SEC, at least one copy of such registration statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules,
all documents incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any registration statement, a
copy of the prospectus included in such registration statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number
of copies as the Investor may reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final
prospectus, as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable
Securities owned by the Investor. For the avoidance of doubt, any filing available to the Investor via the SECs EDGAR system
shall be deemed furnished to the Investor hereunder.

d.
The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and qualification
is available, the Registrable Securities covered by a registration statement under such other securities or blue sky
laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions,
such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary
to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain
such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably
necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where
it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in
any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly
notify the Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension
of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky
laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding
for such purpose.

4

e.
As promptly as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of such event or facts, the Company shall notify the Investor in writing
of the happening of any event or existence of such facts as a result of which the prospectus included in any registration statement,
as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided
that in no event shall such notice contain any material, non-public information regarding the Company), and, as promptly as reasonably
practicable, prepare a supplement or amendment to such registration statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and
deliver a copy of such supplement or amendment to the Investor (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably
request). The Company shall also promptly notify the Investor in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or
post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a registration statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective
(notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to the Investor by email on the same day of such effectiveness or by overnight
mail), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to any registration statement or related prospectus or related
information, and (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a registration statement
would be appropriate.

f.
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness
of any registration statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction
and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment
and to notify the Investor of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation
or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

g.
The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities
exchange on which securities of the same class or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such
Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules of such exchange, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the
Registrable Securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying
its obligation under this Section 3.

h.
The Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing any
restrictive legend) representing the Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to any registration statement and enable such
certificates to be in such denominations or amounts as the Investor may reasonably request and registered in such names as the
Investor may request.

i.
The Company shall at all times provide a transfer agent with respect to its shares of Common Stock.

j.
If reasonably requested by the Investor, the Company shall (i) promptly incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment such information as the Investor believes should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable
Securities, including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold, the purchase
price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities; (ii) make all required filings of
such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon as reasonably practicable upon notification of the matters to be
incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any registration
statement.

k.
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by any registration statement
to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition
of such Registrable Securities.

l.
Within two (2) Business Days after any registration statement which includes the Registrable Securities is ordered effective by
the SEC, the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable
Securities (with copies to the Investor) confirmation that such registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. Thereafter, if requested by the Investor at any time, the Company shall
require its counsel to deliver to the Placement Agent or such Investor a written confirmation whether or not the effectiveness
of such registration statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order)
and whether or not the registration statement is current and available to the Investor for sale of all of the Registrable Securities.

5

m.
The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of Registrable
Securities pursuant to any registration statement.

4. OBLIGATIONS
OF THE INVESTOR.

a.
The Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the information the Company reasonably requires from the Investor in connection
with any registration statement hereunder. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable
Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required
to effect the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration
as the Company may reasonably request.

b.
The Investor agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and
filing of any registration statement hereunder.

c.
The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event or existence of facts of the
kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e), the Investor will immediately
discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any registration statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities
until the Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(f) or
the first sentence of Section 3(e). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall cause its transfer
agent to promptly deliver shares of Common Stock without any restrictive legend in accordance with the terms of the Subscription
Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which an Investor has entered into a contract
for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described
in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e) and for which the Investor has not yet
settled.

5. EXPENSES
OF REGISTRATION.

All
reasonable expenses of the Company, other than sales or brokerage commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings
or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration,
listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, shall be
paid by the Company. The Placement Agent shall reimburse Sullivan & Worcester LLP for its fees and disbursements in connection
with registration, filing or qualification pursuant to Sections 2 and 3 of this Agreement.

6

6. INDEMNIFICATION.

a.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each
Person, if any, who controls the Investor, the members, managers, directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives
of the Investor and each Person, if any, who controls the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (each, an Indemnified Person), against
any third party losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, reasonable attorneys
fees, amounts paid in settlement (with the prior written consent of the Company, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld)
or expenses, joint or several (collectively, Claims) reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental,
administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party
is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such
Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities
or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered, or the omission or alleged
omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii)
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented,
if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein
any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein
were made, not misleading, (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any
other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer
or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement (the matters in
the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) being, collectively, Violations). The Company shall reimburse each
Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable
expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim by
an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information
about the Investor furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation
of the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus
was made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); (ii) with respect to
any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such person from whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased
the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any person controlling such person) if the untrue
statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then
amended or supplemented, if such revised prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section
3(e), and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving
rise to a violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice, used it; (iii) shall not be available to the extent
such Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by the Company,
if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e);
and (iv) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent
of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities
by the Investor pursuant to Section 9.

b.
In connection with the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement, the Investor agrees to indemnify, hold harmless
and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of its directors,
each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement, each Person, if any, who controls
the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (collectively and together with an Indemnified Person,
an Indemnified Party), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to which any of them may become subject,
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or are based
upon any Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information about the Investor set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto and furnished to the Company
by the Investor expressly for use in connection with such registration statement or from the failure of the Investor to deliver
or so cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was timely made available by the
Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); and, subject to Section 6(d), the Investor will reimburse
any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided,
however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(b) and the agreement with respect to contribution
contained in Section 7 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected
without the prior written consent of the Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, further, however,
that the Investor shall be liable under this Section 6(b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages
as does not exceed the net proceeds to the Investor as a result of the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such registration
statement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified
Party and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 9.

7

c.
Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement
of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified
Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver
to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate
in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume
control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the
Indemnified Party, as the case may be; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall have the right
to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel
retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the
indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified
Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate
fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying
party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person fully
apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party
shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided, however,
that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without
the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other
compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification
as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person
with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure
to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not
relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except
to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

d.
The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during
the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received, or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

e.
The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject
to pursuant to applicable law.

7. CONTRIBUTION.

To
the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make
the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest
extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable
Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall
be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

8. REPORTS
AND DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACTS.

With
a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar
rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without
registration (Rule 144), the Company agrees, at the Companys sole expense, so long as the Investor
owns Registrable Securities, to use reasonable best efforts to:

a.
make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

b.
file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements and the filing of such reports and other documents is
required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144;

8

c.
furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by
the Company that it has complied with the reporting and or disclosure provisions of Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company,
and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule
144 without registration; and

d.
take such additional action as is requested by the Investor to enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant
to Rule 144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions
to the Companys transfer agent as may be requested from time to time by the Investor and otherwise fully cooperate with
Investor and Investors broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144.

The
Company agrees that damages may be an inadequate remedy for any breach of the terms and provisions of this Section 8 and
that Investor shall, whether or not it is pursuing any remedies at law, be entitled to seek equitable relief in the form of a
preliminary or permanent injunctions, without having to post any bond or other security, upon any breach or threatened breach
of any such terms or provisions.

9. ASSIGNMENT
OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The
Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor;
provided, however, that any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise,
whereby the Company remains the surviving entity immediately after such transaction shall not be deemed to be an assignment. The
Investor may not assign its rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company, other than to an affiliate
of the Investor.

10. AMENDMENT
OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

No
provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that is one (1) Business Day immediately
preceding the filing of the first Registration Statement required to be filed with the SEC under this Agreement. Subject to the
immediately preceding sentence, no provision of this Agreement may be (i) amended other than by a written instrument signed by
both parties hereto or (ii) waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver
is sought. Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising
such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

11. MISCELLANEOUS.

a.
A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable
Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the
same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from the registered
owner of such Registrable Securities.

b.
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must
be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when
sent by email (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending
party); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly
addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc.

7800
Susquehanna St., Suite 505 

Pittsburgh,
PA

Telephone: 

Attention:
Jonathan Kaufman, Chief Executive Officer

Email:

9

With
a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

Sullivan
& Worcester LLP

1251
Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor 

New
York, NY 10020

Attention:
Michael DeDonato, Esq.

Email:

If
to the Transfer Agent:

Nevada
Agency and Transfer Company

50
West Liberty Street, Suite 880 

Reno
NV 89501

Telephone: 

Attention:
Tiffany Baxter

Email:

If
to Buyer:

As
set forth in the Subscription Agreement.

or
at such other address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given
to each other party three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given
by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders
email account containing the time, date, recipient email address, as applicable, and an image of the first page of such transmission
or (C) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt
by email or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above,
respectively.

c.
The corporate laws of the State of New York shall govern all issues concerning the relative rights of the parties. All other questions
concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents shall
be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision
or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions
other than the State of New York. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or
relating in any way to this Agreement or under any of the other Transaction Documents or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or thereby shall be brought and enforced in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. In
addition, the Company hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it
is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service
of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party
at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude Buyer from bringing suit or taking other
legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to Buyer or to enforce
a judgment or other court ruling in favor of Buyer. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement
in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. EACH PARTY
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER
OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

10

d.
This Agreement and the Subscription Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred
to herein and therein. This Agreement and the Subscription Agreement supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

e.
Subject to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors
and permitted assigns of each of the parties hereto.

f.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

g.
This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by e-mail in
a .pdf format data file of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

h.
Each party hereto shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order
to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

i.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties hereto to express their mutual intent
and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party hereto.

j.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and is
not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

[signature
page follows]

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of day and
year first above written.

THE
COMPANY:

LIPELLA
PHARAMCEUTICALS INC.

By: 

Name:
Jonathan Kaufman

Title:
Chief Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

EXHIBIT
A

TO
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

FORM
OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS

OF
REGISTRATION STATEMENT

[Date]

Nevada
Agency and Transfer Company

50
West Liberty Street, Suite 880 

Reno
NV 89501

Re: Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
are counsel to Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). On [], 2025, the
Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-[] (File No. 333-[]) (as amended from time to time, the Registration
Statement) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) to register:

(1) []
shares of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share of the Company (the Common
Stock), including up to [] shares of Common Stock (the Conversion
Shares) to be issued upon conversion by the selling stockholder identified
in the Registration Statement and listed in Exhibit A attached hereto (the Selling
Stockholder) of Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par
value per share, pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of that certain
Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company;

(2) []
shares of Common Stock which may be issued to the Selling Stockholder as Filing Default
Shares (the Filing Default Shares) pursuant to the terms of that
certain Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and the undersigned
signatories thereto, dated as of [], 2025 (the Registration Rights Agreement)
(the Filing Default Shares); and

(3) []
shares of Common Stock which may be issued to the Selling Stockholder as Effectiveness
Default Shares (the Effectiveness Default Shares, and together with
the Filing Default Shares and the Effectiveness Default Shares, the Registered
Shares) pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement.

The
Conversion Shares, Filing Default Shares and Effectiveness Default Shares may be sold from time to time by the Selling Stockholder.

In
connection with the foregoing, we advise you that the SEC has entered an order declaring the Registration Statement effective
at [] p.m. on [], 2025, and we have no knowledge that any stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued
or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC, and the Registered Shares are available
for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the Registration Statement.

This
letter shall serve as our standing instruction to you that, unless you receive a separate instruction from us or receive notice
of a stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Registered Shares, pursuant to the Registration
Statement, are freely tradeable. The Registered Shares may be issued by you immediately as free-trading shares without restriction
and no further representations from the Selling Stockholder are required. Furthermore, you need not require further letters from
us to effect any future legend-free reissuance of the Registered Shares.

Very
truly yours,

[signature] 

Sullivan
& Worcester LLP

Exhibit
A

Common
Stock 

[Buyer] [ ]

14

EXHIBIT
B

TO
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

Information
About the Investor Furnished to The Company by The Investor

Expressly
for Use in Connection with The Registration Statement

Information
with Respect to Investor

As
of the date of the Subscription Agreement, ____________________________, beneficially owned [___________] shares of our Common
Stock. ______________________________ are deemed to be beneficial owners of all of the shares of Common Stock owned by _______________________.
________________________[has sole][have shared] voting and investment power over the shares being offered under the prospectus
filed with the SEC in connection with the transactions contemplated under the Subscription Agreement. __________________ is not
a licensed broker dealer or an affiliate of a licensed broker dealer.

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g084733_ex10-9.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.9
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.9

LIPELLA
PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

and

Nevada
Agency and Transfer Company, as

Warrant
Agent

Warrant
Agency Agreement

WARRANT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

WARRANT
AGENCY AGREEMENT, effective as of March 17, 2025 (Agreement), between Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc., a corporation
organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), and Nevada Agency and Transfer Company,
a corporation organized under the laws of Nevada (the Warrant Agent).

W
I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of that certain placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement), effective
as of March 17, 2025, by and between the Company and Spartan Capital Securities, LLC, as placement agent, the Company is engaged
in an offering (the Offering) of up to 72,000 warrants (the Warrants) to purchase shares
of Series B non-voting convertible preferred stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock),
with each Preferred Stock convertible into shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock);

WHEREAS,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth and the terms and conditions of the Warrant Certificate (as
defined below), the Company wishes to issue the Warrants entitling the respective holders of such Warrants (the Holders,
which term shall include a Holders transferees, successors and assigns) to purchase shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms of such Warrants and the Warrant Certificate; and

WHEREAS,
the Company wishes the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing so to act, in connection
with the issuance, registration, transfer, exchange, exercise and replacement of the Warrants and, in the Warrant Agents
capacity as the Companys transfer agent, the delivery of the shares of Preferred Stock.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein set forth, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

Section
1. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, all capitalized terms not herein defined shall have the meanings
hereby indicated:

(a)
Affiliate has the meaning ascribed to it in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act).

(b)
Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the
United States or any day on which the Nasdaq Capital Market is authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

(c)
Close of Business on any given date means 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on such date; provided, however,
that if such date is not a Business Day it means 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the next succeeding Business Day.

(d)
Escrow Account a non-interest bearing escrow account held in the Companys name with the Escrow Agent.

(e)
Escrow Agent means Flagstar Bank, N.A., 1400 Broadway, New York, NY 10018.

(f)
Person means an individual, corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture,
trust, unincorporated organization, government or political subdivision thereof or governmental agency or other entity.

(g)
Warrant Certificate means the certificate in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 representing
such number of shares of Preferred Stock, as is indicated therein.

All
other capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Warrant Certificate.

Section
2. Appointment of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance
with the terms and conditions hereof, and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment.

Section
3. Warrant Certificate.

(a)
The Warrants shall not be registered securities and shall include a legend in the standard form on the Warrant Certificate, which
shall be deposited with the Warrant Agent. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Warrants shall be shown on, and the transfer
of such ownership shall be effected through, records maintained by the Warrant Agent.

(b)
In the event that any of the Warrants are not eligible for, or it is no longer necessary to have any of the Warrants available
in, book-entry form, the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent to deliver to each Holder the applicable Warrant Certificate.

(c)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event of inconsistency between any provision in this
Agreement and any provision in a Warrant Certificate, as it may from time to time be amended, the terms of such Warrant Certificate
shall control.

Section
4. Form of Warrant Certificate. The Warrant Certificate, together with the form of election to purchase Preferred Stock
(Notice of Exercise) and the form of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof, shall be in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit 1.

Section
5. Countersignature and Registration. The Warrant Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer, by facsimile signature, and if applicable have affixed thereto the Companys
seal or a facsimile thereof, which shall be attested by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, by facsimile signature.

The
Warrant Agent will keep or cause to be kept, at one of its offices, or at the office of one of its agents, books for registration
and transfer of the Warrant Certificates issued hereunder. Such books shall show the names and addresses of the respective Holders
of the Warrant Certificates, the number of warrants evidenced on the face of each of such Warrant Certificate and the date of
each of such Warrant Certificate. The Warrant Agent will create a special account for the issuance of Warrant Certificates. The
Company will keep or cause to be kept at one of its offices, books for the registration and transfer of any Warrant Certificates
issued hereunder and the Warrant Agent shall not have any obligation to keep books and records with respect to any Warrant Certificates.
Such Company books shall show the names and addresses of the respective Holders of the Warrant Certificates, the number of warrants
evidenced on the face of each such Warrant Certificate and the date of each such Warrant Certificate.

Section
6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Warrant Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Warrant Certificates.
Subject to the provisions of the Warrant Certificate and the last sentence of this first paragraph of Section 6 and subject to
applicable law, rules or regulations, or any stop transfer instructions that the Company may give to the Warrant
Agent, at any time after the closing date of the Offering, and at or prior to the Close of Business on the Termination Date (as
such term is defined in the Warrant Certificate), any Warrant Certificates or Warrant Certificates may be transferred, split up,
combined or exchanged for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates, entitling the Holder to purchase a like number
of shares of Preferred Stock as the Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates surrendered then entitled such Holder to purchase.
Any Holder desiring to transfer, split up, combine or exchange any Warrant Certificate shall make such request in writing delivered
to the Warrant Agent, and shall surrender the Warrant Certificate to be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged at the principal
office of the Warrant Agent. Any requested transfer of Warrants, whether in book-entry form or certificate form, shall be accompanied
by reasonable evidence of authority of the party making such request that may be required by the Warrant Agent. Thereupon the
Warrant Agent shall, subject to the last sentence of this first paragraph of Section 6, countersign and deliver to the Person
entitled thereto a Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company may require payment
from the Holder of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer,
split up, combination or exchange of the Warrant Certificates. The Company shall compensate the Warrant Agent per the fee schedule
mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto and provided separately on the date hereof.

Upon
receipt by the Warrant Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of a Warrant
Certificate, which evidence shall include an affidavit of loss, or in the case of mutilated certificates, the certificate or portion
thereof remaining, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity in customary form and amount (but, with respect to
any Warrant Certificates, shall not include the posting of any bond by the Holder), and satisfaction of any other reasonable requirements
established by Section 8-405 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of Delaware, and reimbursement to the Company
and the Warrant Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental thereto, and upon surrender to the Warrant Agent and cancellation
of the Warrant Certificate if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant Certificate of like tenor to the Warrant
Agent for delivery to the Holder in lieu of the Warrant Certificate so lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated.

Section
7. Exercise of Warrants; Exercise Price; Termination Date.

(a)
The Warrants shall be exercisable commencing on the Initial Exercise Date. The Warrants shall cease to be exercisable and shall
terminate and become void as set forth in the Warrant Certificate. Subject to the foregoing, the Holder of a Warrant may exercise
the Warrant in whole or in part upon surrender of the applicable Warrant Certificate, if required, with the executed Notice of
Exercise and payment of the Exercise Price, which may be made, at the option of the Holder, by wire transfer or by certified or
official bank check in United States dollars, to the Escrow Account at the principal office of the Escrow Agent or to the office
of one of its agents as may be designated by the Escrow Agent from time to time. Neither the Company nor the Holders will receive
interest on any deposits or Exercise Price. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees
that, upon delivery of irrevocable instructions from a holder to exercise its Warrants, that solely for purposes of Regulation
SHO that such holder shall be deemed to have exercised such Warrants.

(b)
Upon receipt of a Notice of Exercise, the Warrant Agent shall have no duty to cause shares of Preferred Stock underlying any Warrant
Certificate to be delivered to or upon the order of the Holder of such Warrant Certificate in accordance with Section 7(c) below
unless the Company has notified the Warrant Agent of such exercise, regardless of any notification from any other party.

(c)
Upon the exercise of the Warrant Certificate pursuant to the terms of Section 2 of the Warrant Certificate, the Company shall
notify the Warrant Agent of such exercise. The Warrant Agent, upon receipt of such notification, shall cause the Preferred Stock
underlying such Warrant Certificate to be delivered to or upon the order of the Holder of such Warrant Certificate, registered
in such name or names as may be designated by such Holder, no later than the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as such term is defined
in such Warrant Certificate). Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, if any Holder fails to duly deliver
payment to the Escrow Agent of an amount equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the shares of Preferred Stock to be purchased
upon exercise of such Holders Warrant as set forth in Section 7(a) hereof by the Warrant Share Delivery Date and the Company
notifies the Warrant Agent of such failure, the Warrant Agent will not be obligated to deliver such shares of Preferred Stock
until following receipt of such payment and notification to the Warrant Agent, and the applicable Warrant Share Delivery Date
shall be deemed extended by one day for each day (or part thereof) until such payment is delivered to the Escrow Account.

(d)
All funds received in payment of the Exercise Price for all Warrants shall be deposited in the Escrow Account of the Company maintained
with the Escrow Agent for such purpose (or to such other account as directed by the Company in writing) and the Company shall
advise the Warrant Agent via email at the end of each day on which Notices of Exercise are received or funds for the exercise
of any Warrant are received of the amount so deposited to its account.

Section
8. Cancellation and Destruction of Warrant Certificates. All Warrant Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise,
transfer, split up, combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the Company or to any of its agents, be delivered to the
Warrant Agent for cancellation or in canceled form, or, if surrendered to the Warrant Agent, shall be canceled by it, and no Warrant
Certificate shall be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Agreement. The Company
shall deliver to the Warrant Agent for cancellation and retirement, and the Warrant Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other
Warrant Certificate purchased or acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof. The Warrant Agent shall deliver
all canceled Warrant Certificates to the Company, at the request of the Company, or shall, at the written request of the Company,
destroy such canceled Warrant Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a certificate of destruction thereof to the Company,
subject to any applicable law, rule or regulation requiring the Warrant Agent to retain such canceled certificates.

Section
9. Certain Representations; Reservation and Availability of Shares of Preferred Stock or Cash.

(a)
This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming due authorization, execution and
delivery hereof by the Warrant Agent, constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms, and the Warrants have been duly authorized, executed and issued by the Company and, assuming
due authentication thereof by the Warrant Agent pursuant hereto and payment therefor by the Holders in accordance with the terms
of the Warrants, constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with their terms and entitled to the benefits hereof; in each case except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally or by general equitable
principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

(b)
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) two hundred million (200,000,000) shares of
Common Stock, of which 2,548,811 shares are outstanding, and (ii) twenty million (20,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value
$0.0001 per share, of which 46,025 shares of the Preferred Stock and 536,959 shares of the Companys Series C preferred
stock are issued and outstanding. Other than as disclosed in the Companys most recent filings with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission, there are no other outstanding obligations, warrants, options or other rights to subscribe for or purchase
from the Company any class of capital stock of the Company.

(c)
The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued shares
of preferred stock or its authorized and issued shares of preferred stock held in its treasury, free from preemptive rights, the
number of shares of Preferred Stock that will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants.

(d)
[Reserved].

(e)
The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay when due and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and
charges which may be payable in respect of the original issuance or delivery of the Warrant Certificates or any certificates or
book entry statements evidencing shares of Preferred Stock upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company shall not, however, be required
to pay any tax or governmental charge which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the transfer or delivery of
Warrant Certificates or the issuance or delivery of certificates or book entry statements for shares of Preferred Stock in a name
other than that of the Holder of the Warrant Certificate evidencing Warrants surrendered for exercise or to issue or deliver any
certificate or book entry statements for shares of Preferred Stock upon the exercise of any Warrants until any such tax or governmental
charge shall have been paid (any such tax or governmental charge being payable by the Holder of such Warrant Certificate at the
time of surrender) or until it has been established to the Companys reasonable satisfaction that no such tax or governmental
charge is due.

Section
10. Preferred Stock Record Date. Each Person in whose name any certificate for shares of Preferred Stock is issued upon
the exercise of Warrants shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record for the Preferred Stock represented
thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date on which submission of the Notice of Exercise was made, provided that
the Warrant Certificate evidencing such Warrant is duly surrendered (but only if required herein) and payment of the Exercise
Price (and any applicable transfer taxes) is received on or prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date; provided, however,
that if the date of submission of the Notice of Exercise is a date upon which the Preferred Stock transfer books of the Company
are closed, such Person shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such shares on, and such certificate shall be dated,
the next succeeding day on which the Preferred Stock transfer books of the Company are open.

Section
11. Adjustment of Exercise Price, Number of Shares of Preferred Stock or Number of the Company Warrants. The Exercise Price,
the number of shares of Preferred Stock covered by each Warrant and the number of Warrants outstanding are subject to adjustment
from time to time as provided in Section 3 of the Warrant Certificate. In the event that at any time, as a result of an adjustment
made pursuant to Section 3 of the Warrant Certificate, the Holder of any Warrant thereafter exercised shall become entitled to
receive any shares of capital stock of the Company other than shares of Preferred Stock, thereafter the number of such other shares
so receivable upon exercise of any Warrant shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly
equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect to such number of adjusted shares pursuant to Section 3 of the Warrant
Certificate and the provisions of Sections 7, 11 and 12 of this Agreement with respect to the shares of Preferred Stock shall
apply on like terms to any such other shares. All Warrants originally issued by the Company subsequent to any adjustment made
to the Exercise Price pursuant to such Warrant Certificate shall evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Exercise Price,
the number of shares of Preferred Stock purchasable from time to time hereunder upon exercise of such Warrants, all subject to
further adjustment as provided herein.

Section
12. Certification of Adjusted Exercise Price or Number of Shares of Preferred Stock. Whenever the Exercise Price or the
number of shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of a Warrant is adjusted as provided in Section 11 or 13, the Company
shall (a) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth the Exercise Price of each Warrant as so adjusted, and a brief statement
of the facts accounting for such adjustment, (b) promptly file with the Warrant Agent and with each transfer agent for the Preferred
Stock a copy of such certificate and (c) instruct the Warrant Agent to send a brief summary thereof to each Holder of a Warrant
Certificate.

Section
13. Fractional Shares of Preferred Stock.

(a)
The Company shall not issue fractions of Warrants or distribute Warrant Certificates which evidence fractional Warrants. Whenever
any fractional Warrant would otherwise be required to be issued or distributed, the actual issuance or distribution shall reflect
a rounding of such fraction to the nearest whole Warrant (rounded down).

(b)
The Company shall not issue fractions of shares of Preferred Stock upon exercise of the Warrants or distribute stock certificates
which evidence fractional shares of Preferred Stock. Whenever any fraction of a share of Preferred Stock would otherwise be required
to be issued or distributed, the actual issuance or distribution in respect thereof shall reflect a rounding of such fraction
to as set forth in the Warrant Certificates.

Section
14. Conditions of the Warrant Agents Obligations. The Warrant Agent accepts its obligations herein set forth upon
the terms and conditions hereof, including the following to all of which the Company agrees and to all of which the rights hereunder
of the Holders from time to time of the Warrant Certificates shall be subject:

(a) Compensation
and Indemnification. The Company agrees promptly to pay the Warrant Agent the compensation
detailed on Exhibit 2 hereto for all services rendered by the Warrant Agent and
to reimburse the Warrant Agent for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable
counsel fees) incurred without gross negligence or willful misconduct finally adjudicated
to have been directly caused by the Warrant Agent in connection with the services rendered
hereunder by the Warrant Agent. The Company also agrees to indemnify and defend the Warrant
Agent for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, liability or expense incurred without
gross negligence, or willful misconduct on the part of the Warrant Agent, in connection
with a claim related to the subject matter of this Agreement, finally adjudicated, including
the reasonable costs, attorney fees of counsel for the Warrant Agent selected by the
Warrant Agent and expenses of defending against any claim of such liability, which reasonable
defense costs and attorney fees shall be paid as incurred by the Warrant Agent. The Warrant
Agent shall be under no obligation to institute or defend any action, suit, or legal
proceeding in connection herewith or to take any other action likely to involve the Warrant
Agent in expense, unless first indemnified to the Warrant Agents satisfaction.
The indemnities provided by this paragraph shall survive the resignation or discharge
of the Warrant Agent or the termination of this Agreement. Anything in this Agreement
to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall the Warrant Agent be liable under
or in connection with the Agreement for indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential
losses or damages of any kind whatsoever, including but not limited to lost profits,
whether or not foreseeable, even if the Warrant Agent has been advised of the possibility
thereof and regardless of the form of action in which such damages are sought, and the
Warrant Agents aggregate liability to the Company, or any of the Companys
representatives or agents, under this Section 14(a) or under any other term or provision
of this Agreement, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, is expressly limited to,
and shall not exceed in any circumstances, one (1) years fees received by the
Warrant Agent as fees and charges under this Agreement, but not including reimbursable
expenses previously reimbursed to the Warrant Agent by the Company hereunder.

(b) Agent
for the Company. In acting under this Agreement and in connection with the Warrant
Certificate, the Warrant Agent is acting solely as agent of the Company and does not
assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Holders
of Warrant Certificate or beneficial owners of Warrants.

(c) Counsel.
The Warrant Agent may consult with counsel satisfactory to it, which may include counsel
for the Company, and the written advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization
and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in
good faith and in accordance with the advice of such counsel.

(d) Documents.
The Warrant Agent shall be protected and shall incur no liability for or in respect of
any action taken or omitted by it in reliance upon any Warrant Certificate, notice, direction,
consent, certificate, affidavit, statement or other paper or document reasonably believed
by it to be genuine and to have been presented or signed by the proper parties.

(e) Certain
Transactions. The Warrant Agent, and its officers, directors and employees, may become
the owner of, or acquire any interest in Warrants, with the same rights that it or they
would have if it were not the Warrant Agent hereunder, and, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, it or they may engage or be interested in any financial or other transaction
with the Company and may act on, or as depositary, trustee or agent for, any committee
or body of Holders of Warrants or other obligations of the Company as freely as if it
were not the Warrant Agent hereunder. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prevent
the Warrant Agent from acting as trustee under any indenture to which the Company is
a party.

(f) No
Liability for Invalidity. The Warrant Agent shall have no liability with respect
to any invalidity of this Agreement or the Warrant Certificates (except as to the Warrant
Agents countersignature thereon).

(g) No
Responsibility for Representations. The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible for
any of the recitals or representations herein or in the Warrant Certificate (except as
to the Warrant Agents countersignature thereon), all of which are made solely
by the Company.

(h) No
Implied Obligations. The Warrant Agent shall be obligated to perform only such duties
as are herein and in the Warrant Certificates specifically set forth and no implied duties
or obligations shall be read into this Agreement or any of the Warrant Certificates against
the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent shall not be under any obligation to take any action
hereunder which may tend to involve it in any expense or liability, the payment of which
within a reasonable time is not, in its reasonable opinion, assured to it. The Warrant
Agent shall not be accountable or under any duty or responsibility for the use by the
Company of any of the Warrant Certificates authenticated by the Warrant Agent and delivered
by it to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or for the application by the Company
of the proceeds of any Warrant Certificate. The Warrant Agent shall have no duty or responsibility
in case of any default by the Company in the performance of its covenants or agreements
contained herein or in any of the Warrant Certificates or in the case of the receipt
of any written demand from a Holder of a Warrant Certificate with respect to such default,
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any duty or responsibility
to initiate or attempt to initiate any proceedings at law.

Section
15. Purchase or Consolidation or Change of Name of Warrant Agent. Any corporation or other legal entity into which the
Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity
resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent shall be party, or any corporation
or other entity succeeding to the corporate trust business of the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent, shall be the successor
to the Warrant Agent under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of
the parties hereto, provided that such corporation or other entity would be eligible for appointment as a successor Warrant Agent
under the provisions of Section 17. In case at the time such successor Warrant Agent shall succeed to the agency created by this
Agreement any of the Warrant Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor Warrant Agent may
adopt the countersignature of the predecessor Warrant Agent and deliver such Warrant Certificates so countersigned; and in case
at that time any of the Warrant Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor Warrant Agent may countersign such
Warrant Certificates either in the name of the predecessor Warrant Agent or in the name of the successor Warrant Agent; and in
all such cases such Warrant Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Warrant Certificates and in this Agreement.

In
case at any time the name of the Warrant Agent shall be changed and at such time any of the Warrant Certificates shall have been
countersigned but not delivered, the Warrant Agent may adopt the countersignature under its prior name and deliver such Warrant
Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Warrant Certificates shall not have been countersigned, the
Warrant Agent may countersign such Warrant Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name; and in all such cases
such Warrant Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Warrant Certificates and in this Agreement.

Section
16. Duties of Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent undertakes the duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement upon the
following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company, by its acceptance hereof, shall be bound:

(a)
The Warrant Agent may consult with legal counsel reasonably acceptable to the Company (who may be legal counsel for the Company),
and the opinion of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection to the Warrant Agent as to any action
taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such opinion.

(b)
Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any
fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter
(unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established
by a certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company; and such certificate shall be
full authentication to the Warrant Agent for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it under the provisions of this Agreement
in reliance upon such certificate.

(c)
Subject to the limitation set forth in Section 14, the Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence
or willful misconduct, or for a breach by it of this Agreement.

(d)
The Warrant Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement
or in the Warrant Certificate (except its countersignature thereof) by the Company or be required to verify the same, but all
such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed to have been made by the Company only.

(e)
The Warrant Agent shall not be under any responsibility in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery
hereof (except the due execution hereof by the Warrant Agent) or in respect of the validity or execution of any Warrant Certificate
(except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition
contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant Certificate; nor shall it be responsible for the adjustment of the Exercise Price
or the making of any change in the number of shares of Preferred Stock required under the provisions of Section 11 or 13 or responsible
for the manner, method or amount of any such change or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such
adjustment or change (except with respect to the exercise of Warrants evidenced by the applicable Warrant Certificates after actual
notice of any adjustment of the Exercise Price); nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty
as to the authorization or reservation of any shares of Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Warrant
Certificate or as to whether any shares of Preferred Stock will, when issued, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable.

(f)
Each party hereto agrees that it will perform, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged
and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required by the other party hereto
for the carrying out or performing by any party of the provisions of this Agreement.

(g)
The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from the
Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and to apply to such officers for advice or instructions in
connection with its duties, and it shall not be liable and shall be indemnified and held harmless for any action taken or suffered
to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with instructions of any such officer, provided the Warrant Agent carries out such
instructions without gross negligence or willful misconduct.

(h)
Subject to all applicable laws and regulations, the Warrant Agent and any shareholder, director, officer or employee of the Warrant
Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Warrants or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any
transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract with or lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and
freely as though it were not Warrant Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Warrant Agent from acting in
any other capacity for the Company or for any other legal entity.

(i)
The Warrant Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either
itself or by or through its attorney or agents, and the Warrant Agent shall not be answerable or accountable for any act, default,
neglect or misconduct of any such attorney or agents or for any loss to the Company resulting from any such act, default, neglect
or misconduct, provided reasonable care was exercised in the selection and continued employment thereof and so long as the Warrant
Agent has not acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct and a material breach of the Agreement has not occurred.

Section
17. Change of Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement upon 10
days prior notice in writing sent to the Company. The Company may remove the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent
upon 10 days prior notice in writing, sent to the Warrant Agent or successor Warrant Agent, as the case may be, and to
each transfer agent of the Preferred Stock, and upon such removal, such notice shall be provided to the Holders of the Warrant
Certificates. If the Warrant Agent shall resign or be removed or shall otherwise become incapable of acting, the Company shall
appoint a successor to the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 10 days after
such removal or after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the resigning or incapacitated Warrant
Agent or by the Holder of a Warrant Certificate (who shall, with such notice, submit such Holders Warrant Certificate for
inspection by the Company), then the Holder of any Warrant Certificate may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the
appointment of a new Warrant Agent, provided that, for purposes of this Agreement, the Company shall be deemed to be the Warrant
Agent until a new warrant agent is appointed. Any successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such a court,
shall be a corporation or other entity organized and doing business under the laws of the United States or of a state thereof,
in good standing, which is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and is subject to supervision or examination
by federal or state authority and which has at the time of its appointment as Warrant Agent a combined capital and surplus of
at least $50,000,000. After appointment, the successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with the same powers, rights, duties and
responsibilities as if it had been originally named as Warrant Agent without further act or deed; but the predecessor Warrant
Agent shall deliver and transfer to the successor Warrant Agent any property at the time held by it hereunder, and execute and
deliver any further assurance, conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose. Not later than the effective date of any such
appointment, the Company shall file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor Warrant Agent and each transfer agent of the
Preferred Stock, and mail a notice thereof in writing to the Holders of the Warrant Certificates. However, failure to give any
notice provided for in this Section 17, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of the resignation or
removal of the Warrant Agent or the appointment of the successor Warrant Agent, as the case may be.

Section
18. Issuance of New Warrant Certificates. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Warrants to
the contrary, the Company may, at its option, issue new Warrant Certificates evidencing Warrants in such form as may be approved
by its Board of Directors to reflect any adjustment or change in the Exercise Price per share and the number or kind or class
of shares of stock or other securities or property purchasable under the Warrant Certificate made in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement.

Section
19. Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made (i) by the Warrant Agent or by the Holder
of any Warrant Certificate to or on the Company, (ii) subject to the provisions of Section 17, by the Company or by the Holder
of any Warrant Certificate to or on the Warrant Agent or (iii) by the Company or the Warrant Agent to the Holder of any Warrant
Certificate shall be deemed given (a) on the date delivered, if delivered personally, (b) on the first Business Day following
the deposit thereof with Federal Express or another recognized overnight courier, if sent by Federal Express or another recognized
overnight courier, (c) on the fourth Business Day following the mailing thereof with postage prepaid, if mailed by registered
or certified mail (return receipt requested), and (d) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile or email attachment at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day and (e) the next Business Day after
the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email attachment on a day that is not
a Business Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, in each case to the parties at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

(a) If
to the Company, to:

Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc.

400
N Lexington St, Suite LL103 

Pittsburgh,
PA 15208

E-mail:
doug.johnston@lipella.com

(b) If
to the Warrant Agent, to:

Nevada
Agency and Transfer Company

50
West Liberty Street, Suite 880 

Reno,
Nevada 89501

E-mail:
info@natco.com

For
any notice delivered by email to be deemed given or made, such notice must be followed by notice sent by overnight courier service
to be delivered on the next business day following such email, unless the recipient of such email has acknowledged via return
email receipt of such email.

(c)
If to the Holder of any Warrant Certificate: to the address of such Holder as shown on the registry books of the Company. Any
notice required to be delivered by the Company to the Holder of any Warrant may be given by the Warrant Agent on behalf of the
Company. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, where this Agreement provides for notice of any event to a Holder
of any Warrant, such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the procedures
of the Depositary or its designee.

Section
20. Supplements and Amendments.

(a)
The Company and the Warrant Agent may from time to time supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any Holders
of Warrant Certificates in order to add to the covenants and agreements of the Company for the benefit of the Holders of the Warrant
Certificates or to surrender any rights or power reserved to or conferred upon the Company in this Agreement, provided that such
addition or surrender shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the Warrant Certificates in any material respect.

(b)
In addition to the foregoing, with the consent of the applicable Holders of Warrants entitled, upon exercise thereof, to receive
not less than a majority of the shares of Preferred Stock issuable thereunder, the Company and the Warrant Agent may modify this
Agreement for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement
or modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Warrant Certificates; provided, however, that no modification
of the terms (including but not limited to the adjustments described in Section 11) upon which the Warrants are exercisable or
the rights of holders of Warrants to receive liquidated damages or other payments in cash from the Company or reducing the percentage
required for consent to modification of this Agreement may be made without the consent of the Holder of each outstanding Warrant
Certificate affected thereby. As a condition precedent to the Warrant Agents execution of any amendment, the Company shall
deliver to the Warrant Agent a certificate from a duly authorized officer of the Company that states that the proposed amendment
complies with the terms of this Section 20.

Section
21. Successors. All covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent
shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder.

Section
22. Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give any Person other than the Company,
the Holders of Warrant Certificates and the Warrant Agent any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Warrant Agent and the Holders of the Warrant Certificates.

Section
23. Governing Law. This Agreement and each Warrant Certificate issued hereunder shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflicts of law principles thereof.

Section
24. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including electronic counterparts, and
each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute
but one and the same instrument.

Section
25. Captions. The captions of the sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience only and shall not control
or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

Section
26. Information. The Company agrees to promptly provide to the Holders of the Warrants any material information it provides
to the holders of the Preferred Stock, except to the extent any such information is publicly available on the EDGAR system (or
any successor thereof) of the SEC.

[Signature
page follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

LIPELLA
PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

By: /s/
Jonathan Kaufman

Name: Jonathan
Kaufman

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

NEVADA
AGENCY AND TRANSFER COMPANY

By: /s/
Amanda Cardinalli

Name: Amanda
Cardinalli

Title: 
President

Exhibit
1

Form
of Warrant Certificate

Exhibit
2

Warrant
Agent Fee Schedule
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>lipo-20250318.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>lipo-20250318_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>lipo-20250318_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 005-93847

Entity Registrant Name Lipella
Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001347242

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-2388040

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7800
Susquehanna St.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 505

Entity Address, City or Town Pittsburgh

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15208

City Area Code (412)

Local Phone Number 894-1853

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol LIPO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://lipella.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

g084733_8k.htm 
lipo-20250318.xsd 
lipo-20250318_lab.xml 
lipo-20250318_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001753926-25-000467-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>g084733_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001347242 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001347242 
8-K 
2025-03-18 
Lipella Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
DE 
005-93847 
20-2388040 
7800 Susquehanna St. 
Suite 505 
Pittsburgh 
PA 
15208 
(412) 
894-1853 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
LIPO 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>