<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002933.txt : 20250407
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002933.hdr.sgml : 20250407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250407090134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002933
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NextTrip, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000788611
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				820404220
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38015
		FILM NUMBER:		25816508

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3900 PASEO DEL SOL
		CITY:			SANTE FE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87507
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 526-9688

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3900 PASEO DEL SOL
		CITY:			SANTE FE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87507

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIGMA ADDITIVE SOLUTIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220812

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIGMA LABS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRAMEWAVES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010130
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000078861100007886112025-04-012025-04-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 1, 2025

NextTrip,
Inc.

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Nevada 001-38015 27-1865814

(State
or Other Jurisdiction 

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer 

Identification
No.)

3900
Paseo del Sol

Santa
Fe, New Mexico 87507

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (505)438-2576

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share NTRP The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The
information in Item 2.01 regarding the Purchase Agreement and License Agreement (each, as defined therein) is hereby incorporated herein
by reference.

Item
2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

On
April 1, 2025, NextTrip, Inc. (the Company) entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with Ovation LLC (Ovation), pursuant to which the Company purchased assets, including without limitation trademarks, domains,
apps and certain agreements, and assumed certain liabilities related to Ovations JOURNY business (the JOURNY Acquisition).
JOURNY is an established adventure and travel-themed direct streaming Free Ad-Supported Streaming TV (FAST) channel (the
JOURNY Channel), which curates immersive programming centered on exploration and global culture. The Companys acquisition
of the JOURNY assets is intended to enhance the Companys content portfolio, expand its advertising reach and strengthen its existing
Compass.tv platform. The JOURNY Acquisition closed on April 1, 2025.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, as consideration for the JOURNY Acquisition, the Company paid Ovation $300,000 in cash at closing and issued
Ovation 20,000 restricted shares of Company common stock (the Shares).

In
connection with the JOURNY Acquisition, on April 1, 2025, the Company and Ovation also entered into a License Agreement (the License
Agreement), pursuant to which Ovation granted the Company the non-exclusive right, throughout the territories and for the term
set forth therein, to exhibit, promote, market, advertise, publicize and/or otherwise exploit the programs listed in the License Agreement
in the media of (i) FAST via the JOURNY Channel and (ii) Video On Demand via the JOURNY Channel. Pursuant to the License Agreement, Ovation
shall not license any unaffiliated third party the right to exhibit certain of the programs subject to the License Agreement, and shall
not use certain of the programs subject to the License Agreement on its owned or operating streaming platforms (subject to certain exceptions).
As consideration for the rights granted under the License Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Ovation an aggregate non-refundable license
fee of $336,801, as follows:

Payment Date Amount 

April 30, 2025 $ 47,709 

July 31, 2025 $ 59,709 

October 31, 2025 $ 47,709 

January 31, 2026 $ 22,709 

April 30, 2026 $ 22,709 

July 31, 2026 $ 22,709 

October 31, 2026 $ 22,709 

January 31, 2027 $ 22,709 

April 30, 2027 $ 22,709 

July 31, 2027 $ 22,709 

October 31, 2027 $ 22,709 

Either
party may terminate the License Agreement in the event of a material default by the other party that is not cured within fifteen days
after the defaulting party receives notice of such default.

The
Purchase Agreement and License Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default.

The
foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement and License Agreement do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in
their entirety by, the full text of such documents attached as Exhibits 2.1 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K
(this Report), which are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information in Item 1.01 regarding the issuance of the Shares is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

The
Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities
laws, and were issued to Ovation in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption from
registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Accordingly, the Shares
constitute restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Act.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
April 7, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing execution of the JOURNY Acquisition, a copy of which is attached hereto
as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein.

The
information in this Report, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed
for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject
to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed subject to the requirements of Item 10 of Regulation S-K, nor shall it be
deemed incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or
after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. The furnishing of this information hereby shall
not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any such information.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
Report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, contains certain forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties.
When used herein, the terms anticipates, expects, estimates, believes, will
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking
statements in this Report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, or hereafter, including in other publicly available documents filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission), reports to the stockholders of the Company and other publicly
available statements issued or released by us involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause our
actual results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements to differ from the future results, performance (financial or operating)
or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such future results are based upon managements best estimates
based upon current conditions and the most recent results of operations. These risks include, but are not limited to, the risks set forth
herein and in such other documents filed with the Commission, each of which could adversely affect our business and the accuracy of the
forward-looking statements contained herein. Our actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed herewith.

Exhibit
Number Description

2.1 Asset purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Ovation, LLC, dated April 1, 2025.

10.1 License Agreement by and between the Company and Ovation, LLC, dated April 1, 2025.

99.1 Press Release, dated April 7, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL Document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NEXTTRIP,
INC.

Date: April
7, 2025 By: /s/
William Kerby

Name: William
Kerby

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
2.1

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (APA)

This
Asset Purchase Agreement (the Agreement or APA) is made and entered into as of April 1, 2025, by and
between:

Seller:
Ovation, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, with its principal place of business at 500 S Sepulveda
Blvd., Suite 300, Los Angeles, CA 90049.

Buyer:
Nexttrip, Inc., a Nevada corporation, with its principal place of business at 3900 Paseo del Sol, Santa
Fe, NM 8750.

RECITALS

WHEREAS
Seller owns and operates JOURNY, a direct streaming FAST channel (the Business), and desires to sell certain assets related
to the Business; and

WHEREAS
Buyer desires to purchase such assets and assume certain liabilities of the Business (the Transaction), all upon the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.
SALE AND TRANSFER OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

Transferred
Assets and Liabilities. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing (as defined in Section 3.1), Seller
shall sell, transfer, assign, and convey to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, all rights, title, and interest in and to the
assets listed on Schedule A, B, C, and D attached hereto (collectively, the Purchased Assets), and Buyer
shall assume all payment obligations and liabilities associated therewith subsequent to the Closing Date, as follows:

The
JOURNY brand and associated apps, including any trademark rights owned by Seller as to the JOURNY mark by Seller as listed on Schedule
A; 

Agreements
governing distribution rights to JOURNY as listed on Schedule B (Distribution Agreements), and the rights to any associated
revenue streams and/or receivables associated therewith;

Rights
to utilize content licensed by Ovation LLC for JOURNY over the remaining terms of the applicable licenses, in accordance with the
license agreement between Buyer and Seller attached hereto as Schedule C (Content License Agreement);

The
service agreements listed in Schedule D as they relate to technology services pertaining to JOURNY, which agreements shall be assigned
or applicable rights otherwise transferred effective as of the Closing Date (Service Agreements).

Revenue
that is received by Seller pertaining to the Business and attributable to periods following the Closing Date shall be forwarded by
Seller to Buyer within 30 days of receipt. Seller shall work in good faith to instruct payors to remit future such payments directly
to Buyer. 

Invoices
for Service Agreements received by the Seller or Buyer for periods after the Closing Date shall be paid by the Buyer; provided, however,
that if any such invoices pertain to periods prior to the Closing Date, the Seller shall reimburse the Buyer for pre-closing period
services on a pro-rated basis. 

2.
PURCHASE PRICE AND PAYMENT TERMS

2.1
Purchase Price. The total purchase price for the Transferred Assets shall be Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000) USD plus
20,000 restricted shares of Nexttrip, Inc. (the Purchase Price).

2.2
Payment of Purchase Price. At the Closing, Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price to Seller by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to a bank account designated by Seller and issuance of 20,000 restricted common shares of Nexttrip, Inc. in the form attached as
Schedule E, and fully tradeable by Buyer no later than the six-month anniversary of this agreement.

3.
CLOSING

3.1
Closing Date. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall take place remotely
via the exchange of documents and signatures on March April 1, 2025, or such other date as the parties may mutually agree (the Closing
Date).

3.2
Sellers Deliveries at Closing. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer:

An
executed copy of the APA.

Ovation
LLCs board of directors approval of the APA.

Confirmation
that the Distribution Agreements and the Service Agreements are assignable to the Buyer and documentation providing notice of assignment
to the Buyer and/or a transition support agreement between Buyer and Seller with regard to such assignment. 

An
executed copy of the Content License Agreement. 

Contact
details of the Sellers employees who will be available for up to eighty (80) hours of assistance (in the aggregate) to facilitate
the transition of the business of JOURNY to the Buyer. 

3.3
Buyers Deliveries at Closing. At the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller:

The
Purchase Price as specified in Section 2.2.

Nexttrip,
Inc.s board of directors approval of the APA.

An
executed copy of the APA.

An
executed copy of the Content License Agreement.

4.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

4.1
Sellers Representations and Warranties. Seller represents and warrants to Buyer that the statements contained in this Section
4.1 are true and correct as of the date hereof. For purposes of this Section 4.1, Sellers Knowledge, knowledge
of Seller and any other similar phrases shall mean the actual knowledge of any executive officer of Seller, after due inquiry.

Seller
is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of Delaware, with full corporate
power and authority to conduct the Business as currently conducted and to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations pursuant
to this Agreement.

Seller,
as it relates to the Business and to the best of its knowledge, is not involved in any pending litigation or regulatory investigations
that could affect the assets of the Business or continued use of such.

There
are no material liabilities, debts, or obligations associated with the assets that have not been disclosed to the Buyer, including
any legal or tax issues of which Seller is aware. 

Seller
owns the trademark registration for JOURNY as listed in Schedule A, and to the best of its knowledge, there are no disputes or claims
regarding the trademark registration or other intellectual property listed in Schedule A (the Purchased IP). As it
relates to the Business and to the best of its knowledge, Seller owns or has adequate, valid and enforceable rights to use all the
Purchased IP, free and clear of any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, security interest, claim or other encumbrance. Seller is not
bound by any outstanding judgment, injunction, order or decree restricting the use or licensing of the Purchased IP as it relates
to the operation of the Business. With respect to the trademark registration (i) such registration is valid, subsisting and in full
force and effect to the best of its knowledge; and (ii) Seller has paid all maintenance fees and made all filings required to maintain
Sellers ownership thereof. 

Sellers
prior and current use of the Purchased IP has not and does not infringe, violate, dilute or misappropriate the intellectual property
of any person or entity and there are no claims pending or threatened by any person or entity with respect to the ownership, validity,
enforceability, effectiveness or use of the Purchased IP, all of the foregoing to the best of its knowledge as it relates to the
operation of the Business. 

Revenue
history and viewership data provided to Buyer are materially accurate and complete to the best of its knowledge.

Each
contract listed in Schedule B and/or Schedule D is valid and binding on Seller in accordance with its terms and is in full force
and effect. None of Seller or, to Sellers knowledge, any other party thereto is in breach of or default under (or is alleged
to be in breach of or default under), or has provided or received any notice of any intention to terminate, any such contract. Complete
and correct copies of each contract listed in Schedule B and/or Schedule D have been made available to Buyer. There are no disputes
pending or threatened against Seller, to the best of its knowledge, under any contract listed in Schedule B and/or Schedule D. To
the best of its knowledge, there is no ongoing or threatened litigation, investigation, or claim related to the Purchased Assets,
as it relates to the Business, that could have a material adverse effect on the Business.

There
has been no undisclosed material adverse impact to the Business since the date of the signing of the Letter of Intent between the
parties dated March 13, 2025.

To
the best of its knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances relating to the ownership and
operation of the Business.

The
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by Seller do not and will not (i) violate any provision of Sellers
organizational documents, (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of any contract or agreement to which Seller is a party, or (iii)
violate any law or regulation applicable to Seller. 

Seller
will not own or operate a FAST channel with more than 25% of its content consisting of travel shows for a period of one (1) year
following the Closing Date. 

4.2
Buyers Representations and Warranties. Buyer represents and warrants to Seller that the statements contained in this Section
4.2 are true and correct as of the date hereof.:

Buyer
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of Nevada, with full corporate power and authority
to execute, deliver, and perform this Agreement.

The
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by Buyer do not and will not (i) violate any provision of Buyers organizational
documents, (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of any contract or agreement to which Buyer is a party, or (iii) violate any
law or regulation applicable to Buyer.

Buyer
shall pay all scheduled amounts due and payable per the Content License Agreement in full and when payable under such agreement.

Buyer
is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and ordinances relating to the Transaction and the Purchase Price payment
and grant. 

5.
COVENANTS

5.1
Confidentiality. Each party agrees to maintain the confidentiality of shared information in accordance with the non-disclosure
agreement between the parties dated February 13, 2025, as may be extended by mutual agreement of the parties as needed. Any public announcements
concerning the Transaction, including without limitation press or publicity announcements, shall be subject to the advance mutual approval
of both parties.

5.2
No reliance. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the due diligence performed by Buyer is sufficient for Buyer to determine the
state of the Business and assess any potential risks associated the Transaction or operation of the Business, including without limitation
tax implications, legal issues, and any potential future adverse decisions by JOURNY distributors , and that other than as expressly
warranted in this Agreement, Buyer disclaims any reliance on Seller for any such determinations and releases Seller from any associated
claim or liability. Buyer affirms that it is not relying on Seller for legal or tax advice and is solely responsible for determining
the tax implications, if any, of the Transaction.

5.3
Further Assurances. Each party agrees to execute and deliver such further documents and take such further actions as may be reasonably
necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.

6.
INDEMNIFICATION

6.1
Survival. All representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements contained herein and all rights related to indemnification
shall survive the Closing.

6.2
Indemnification by Seller. Seller shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Buyer and its affiliates from and against any and
all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, and expenses arising out of (a) any breach of Sellers representations, warranties, or
covenants under this Agreement, or (b) the operation of the Business prior to the Closing Date.

6.3
Indemnification by Buyer. Buyer shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Seller and its affiliates from and against any and
all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, and expenses arising out of (a) any breach of Buyers representations, warranties, or
covenants under this Agreement, or (b) the operation of the Business subsequent to the Closing Date..

6.4
Limitation of Liability. Except for a breach of the indemnification obligations in this Section 6, neither Seller nor Buyer shall,
for any reason or under any legal theory, be liable to the other for any special, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages
or for loss of profits, revenues, data or services, regardless of whether such damages or loss was foreseeable and regardless of whether
it was informed or had direct or imputed knowledge of the possibility of such damages or loss in advance. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, the Sellers liability under this Agreement shall be limited to a maximum of Three Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($300,000.00).

6.5
Indemnification Procedures. Indemnification Procedures. Whenever any claim shall arise for indemnification hereunder, the party
entitled to indemnification (the Indemnified Party) shall promptly provide written notice of such claim to the other party
(the Indemnifying Party). In connection with any claim giving rise to indemnity hereunder resulting from or arising out
of any action by a person or entity who is not a party to this Agreement, the Indemnifying Party, at its sole cost and expense and upon
written notice to the Indemnified Party, may assume the defense of any such action with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified
Party. The Indemnified Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any such action, with its counsel and at its own cost
and expense. If the Indemnifying Party does not assume the defense of any such action, the Indemnified Party may, but shall not be obligated
to, defend against such action in such manner as it may deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, settling such action, after
giving notice of it to the Indemnifying Party, on such terms as the Indemnified Party may deem appropriate and no action taken by the
Indemnified Party in accordance with such defense and settlement shall relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations
herein provided with respect to any damages resulting therefrom. The Indemnifying Party shall not settle any action without the Indemnified
Partys prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

7.
MISCELLANEOUS

7.1
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without
regard to its conflicts of law principles.

7.2
Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with its schedules and exhibits, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, and representations.

7.3
Amendments. Any amendment or modification of this Agreement must be in writing and executed by both parties.

7.4
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall
remain in full force and effect.

7.5
Assignment. Neither party may assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the other party, except to an affiliate of such party or a party acquiring all or substantially all of the stock or assets of such
party.

7.6
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by e-mail or other means of electronic transmission
shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Asset Purchase Agreement as of the date first above written.

SELLER: Ovation, LLC 

By: /s/
Charles Segars 

Name: Charles
Segars 

Title: CEO 

BUYER: Nexttrip, Inc. 

By: /s/
William Kerby 

Name: William
Kerby 

Title: CEO 

Schedule
A

Trademarks:

Jurisdiction:
United States

Mark:
Journy

Mark
Type: Standard Character Word Mark

International
Class: 041

Registration
No.: 6266865

Registration
Date: Filed February 9, 2021

Website:

Journy.tv

Social
Media Accounts:

X:
@journynow

Instagram:
@journynow

Facebook:
facebook.com/JournyNow

Schedule
B

Distribution
Agreements

Schedule
C

License
Agreement

[attached]

Schedule
D

Service
Agreements
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

LICENSE
AGREEMENT

THIS
AGREEMENT, dated as of April 1, 2025, by and between
OVATION LLC with offices at 500 S. Sepulveda Blvd., Suite 300, Los Angeles, CA 90049 (Licensor) and NEXTTRIP, INC. with
offices at 3900 Paseo del Sol, Santa Fe, NM 8750 (Licensee), sets forth the material terms under which Licensee agrees
to license from Licensor certain exhibition rights in and to the programs listed on Schedule 1 and Scheule 2, attached hereto and incorporated
herein by this reference (the Program(s)) (each capitalized term as defined below) (the Agreement).

WHEREAS,
Licensee desires to license the Rights Granted (as defined in Section 1 hereinbelow) in and to the Program(s);

WHEREAS,
Licensor is willing to license such Rights Granted;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual benefits conferred upon the parties and for other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency
of which is hereby mutually acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1.
Grant of Rights. 

a)
Subject to the limitations set forth herein, Licensor grants to Licensee, throughout the Territory and during the Term, the right to
exhibit, promote, market, advertise, publicize and/or otherwise exploit the Program(s), in the English language, on a non-exclusive basis
in the media of (i) Free Ad-supported Streaming Television/FAST via a FAST channel that is at all times (a) owned and operated by Licensee
and (b) branded Journy (the Journy Channel) and (ii) Video On Demand/VOD via the Journy Channel ( the Rights
Granted). As used herein, Free Ad-Supported Streaming Television/FAST means the form of television in which programming
is available to viewers over the internet in a preprogrammed, linear format, without requiring a subscription, and which includes ads
that cannot be skipped or fast-forwarded. As used herein, Video On Demand/VOD means the form video on demand in which programming
is available to viewers over the internet, where the commencement time for the transmission of such programming is at the viewers
discretion, without requiring a subscription, and which includes ads that cannot be skipped or fast-forwarded. 

(b)
Subject to applicable law and/or any restrictions provided by Licensor to Licensee in writing, Licensee shall have the right to advertise
and promote the availability of the Program(s) on the Journy Channel within the Territory during the Term. Licensees rights under
this section shall include using clips from the Program(s) (or episode thereof if such Program is a series), not to exceed 2 minutes
in duration each and four (4) minutes in duration in the aggregate, in the creation of promotional pieces for the promotion of such Program(s)
availability on the Journy Channel.

(c)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Rights Granted with respect to the Schedule 2 Program(s) are hereby licensed
on a Quitclaim basis. As used herein, Quitclaim means that Licensor makes no representation or warranty of any kind, whether
express or implied, with respect to the underlying rights of the Schedule 2 Programs. Licensee accepts the Schedule 2 Program(s) as
is and assumes any risks associated with the underlying rights related thereto, whether now known or later discovered.

2.
License Fee. As full and complete consideration for all Rights Granted hereunder, Licensee shall pay Licensor the non-refundable
license fee of Three Hundred Thirty Six Thousand Eight Hundred One Dollars ($336,801.00) (License Fee) in accordance with
the payment schedule set forth on Schedule 4, attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference (the Payment Schedule).

3.
Territory. Territory shall mean the United States and any additional territory as set forth in Column 3 of Schedule
1 and Schedule 2.

4.
Availability Date; Term. The Term for each Program shall commence on the effective date as set forth in Column 1
of Schedule 1 or Schedule 2, as applicable, and shall expire on the date set forth in Column 2 of Schedule 1 or Schedule 2, as applicable,
for such Program.

5.
Editing. Licensee may make only necessary edits to insert commercial advertisements or to comply with legal or regulatory standards
and practices, provided that such edits do not materially alter the substance or integrity of the Program. Furthermore, such editing
is subject to, and Licensee agrees it shall abide by, applicable law and any and all additional restrictions upon editing contained in
agreements or relevant provisions of applicable guild agreements and other third-party agreements of which Licensee is made aware. Under
no circumstances shall Licensee (i) reposition, delete or alter in any manner credits, billings, copyright notices or other material
provided by Licensor (including overlaying, superimposing or dubbing visual and/or audio material), all of which must be exhibited exactly
as delivered by Licensor, or (ii) insert product placements within the Programs themselves.

6.
Other Rights/Holdbacks. Licensor shall not license any unaffiliated third party the right to exhibit the Schedule 1 Programs other
than the Licensee, as reflected herein. Licensor reserves its rights in and to the Program(s) other than the Rights Granted to Licensee;
provided, however that Licensor agrees not to use the Schedule 1 Programs on its owned or operated streaming platforms with the exception
of the Programs listed on Schedule 3 (and in such instance, will not use such Programs on its FAST platforms.) 

7.
Representations. Licensor represents and warrants that: (i) it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in the
jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) it has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this
Agreement, and (iii) this Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of Licensor, and (iv) to the best of its knowledge, except for
the Schedule 2 Programs, the non-dramatic performing rights in the musical compositions contained in the Program(s) are either (x) controlled
by or licensed to Licensor to the extent necessary to permit Licensees exhibition of the Program(s), (y) in the public domain,
or (z) controlled by a performing rights society having jurisdiction in the Territory; provided, however, the Licensee is responsible
for clearing the third party public performance and communication to the public rights in the musical compositions and sound recordings
contained in the Program(s).. Licensee represents and warrants that (i) it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in
the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) it has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Agreement, (iii) it shall perform its obligations hereunder in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations (including
U.S. embargoes and export control regulations), including, without limitation, obtaining and maintaining throughout the Term all necessary
authorizations, approvals and consents to enter into this Agreement and perform such obligations, (iv) this Agreement is a valid and
binding obligation of Licensee; and (v) it has, or shall have, all necessary rights to any equipment or technology used to provide the
delivery, transmission, retransmission, compression and encryption services necessary to exercise its rights and perform its obligations
hereunder, and its provision of such services shall not violate the rights of any third party.

8.
Indemnification. Each party assumes liability for and shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party, its parent company,
partners, subsidiaries, successors, and affiliated companies, and the officers, directors, agents, and employees of all of the foregoing
(Indemnified Parties), from and against any demands, losses, penalties, claims, damages, liabilities, cost, and expenses
(including, but not limited to, reasonable legal fees and expenses) (collectively Claims) of whatever kind and nature imposed
on, incurred by or asserted against any of the Indemnified Parties, relating in any way to any breach of any warranty, or representation,
of covenant made or obligation assumed by the respective party herein. Each party agrees to notify the other in writing of any Claim
promptly upon learning of the existence thereof. The notified party shall promptly undertake the defense of such Claim and shall, upon
request by the indemnitee, allow the indemnitee to participate in the defense thereof.

9.
Confidentiality; Press Releases. Except to the extent disclosure is required by law, administrative or court order or must be
made to attorneys, accountants, auditors, employees, officers and directors of either Licensor or Licensee, neither Licensor nor Licensee
(or their respective permitted parties) shall disclose the terms of this Agreement to any third party. Both parties agree that no press
release of any kind in connection to this Agreement shall be made without the express prior written consent of the other party.

10.
Other Terms.

(a)
Notices. Any notice, payment, demand or communication required or permitted to be given by the provisions of this Agreement shall
be deemed to be sufficiently given or served for all purposes if delivered personally to the party or to an officer of the party to whom
the same is directed, or if sent by registered or certified mail, postage and charges prepaid, to the address of the party as shown below,
or to such other address as shall be furnished in writing by one party to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to be transmitted
as of the date so delivered, if delivered personally, or shall be effective five (5) days after the same was deposited with adequate
postage in a regularly maintained receptacle for the deposit of United States mail, addressed and sent as aforesaid, except where actual
receipt is required by an express provision hereof, to Licensor and Licensee, addressed as follows:

Ovation
LLC:

500
S. Sepulveda Blvd

Los
Angeles, CA 90049

Attn:
Business Affairs

NextTrip,
Inc.

1560
Sawgrass Corporate Parkway, Ste. 130

Sunrise,
Florida 33323

Attn:
Legal

(b)
Relationship. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to make Licensor or Licensee partners, joint venturers or
agents of one another, or give Licensor any interest whatsoever in any of the results or proceeds derived from the exercise of the Rights
Granted or agreed to be granted under this Agreement.

(c)
Limitation of Liability. Except for a breach of the indemnification obligations in Section 8, neither Licensor nor Licensee shall,
for any reason or under any legal theory, be liable to the other for any special, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages
or for loss of profits, revenues, data or services, regardless of whether such damages or loss was foreseeable and regardless of whether
it was informed or had direct or imputed knowledge of the possibility of such damages or loss in advance. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO
THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, LICENSOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGMENT, OR ACCURACY AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY
WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE SCHEDULE 2 PROGRAMS.

(d)
Choice of law: Dispute Resolution. This Agreement will be construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York applicable to agreements entered into and to be wholly performed therein. This Agreement is binding on the parties respective
transferees and successors. Any dispute arising under this Agreement (Dispute) which cannot be resolved informally will
be submitted to final and binding arbitration in the borough of Manhattan, New York, New York pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration
Association. Any dispute or portion thereof that may not be arbitrated pursuant to applicable law may only be heard in a court of competent
jurisdiction in the borough of Manhattan, New York, New York. 

(e)
Waivers: Cumulative Remedies. Any waiver of any provision must be in writing and signed by the duly authorized representative(s)
of the party whose rights are being waived. No waiver of any breach shall be or be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent
breach of the same or any other provision. Failure of Licensor or Licensee to enforce or seek enforcement of this Agreements terms
following any breach shall not be construed as a waiver of such breach. All remedies, whether at law, in equity or under this Agreement
are cumulative. Each party acknowledges that it is not entering into this Agreement in reliance upon any term, condition, representation
or warranty not stated herein.

(f)
Notice of Default. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if either party is in default hereunder, the non-defaulting party
agrees to give such defaulting party written notice of said default in the manner provided for in Section 10(a). The defaulting party
shall have fifteen (15) days after transmission of such notice of default in which to cure such default, except for
Licensees failure to timely pay any portion of the License Fee due hereunder. In each such case, Licensee shall have five (5)
business days after receipt of notice of default in which to cure such default. If such default is not cured within such time provided,
the non-defaulting party shall have all remedies allowed under this Agreement.

(g)
Withdrawal. Licensor may, in its sole discretion, withdraw any Program from license hereunder at any time by sending seven (7)
day prior written notice to Licensee (in which event, Licensee shall cease any pending exhibitions of such withdrawn Program(s) as soon
thereafter as is reasonably practicable) if Licensor determines that the exhibition thereof would or might (i) infringe upon the rights
of others, including, without limitation, violating the terms of a previously-existing license agreement involving such Program, (ii)
violate any law, court order, government regulation or other ruling of any governmental agency, or (iii) subject Licensor to any legal
liability. Any notice sent by Licensor hereunder shall state in reasonable detail the basis for such withdrawal.

(h)
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by either party as applicable if the other party shall be in material default hereunder
and shall have failed to cure such default as provided for herein. Without limiting any of Licensors remedies hereunder, in the
event this Agreement is terminated for an uncured Licensee default (including without limitation for non-payment of any portion of the
License Fee), Licensee shall remain fully liable for all unpaid and/or outstanding License Fee amounts due and owing as of the date of
termination, notwithstanding any such termination.

(i)
Survival. Any provisions which by their nature should survive shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. The representations,
warranties, and indemnities contained herein shall continue throughout the Term. The indemnities shall survive termination of this Agreement,
regardless of the reason for such termination.

(j)
Assignment: Binding Effect. Neither this Agreement nor either partys rights or obligations shall be assigned or transferred
by either party without the others prior written consent; provided, however, no consent is necessary for an assignment to a successor
entity resulting from a merger, acquisition, or consolidation by or of either party or the sale of substantially all of the assets of
a party or assignment only to an entity under common control, controlled by or in control of either party, and further provided that
such successor assumes all rights and obligations of this Agreement in writing. Any assignment or transfer not specifically permitted
herein shall be null and void. This Agreement is binding on the parties respective transferees and successors. This should also
allow assignment to affiliates pls check and make sure its consistent with asset purchase agreement 

(k)
Severability. The invalidity of any provision shall not affect the validity of any other provision. If any provision is determined
to be invalid or otherwise illegal, this Agreement shall remain effective and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as if the
invalid or illegal provision were not contained herein; provided, however, that both parties shall negotiate in good faith with respect
to an equitable modification of the provision held to be invalid or unenforceable, and provisions logically related to it.

(l)
General. Licensor and Licensee each acknowledge that this Agreement was fully negotiated by the parties. Therefore, no provision
shall be interpreted against any party because such party or its legal representative drafted such provision. The provisions of this
Agreement are for the exclusive benefit of the parties and their permitted assigns. No third party shall be a beneficiary of, or have
any rights by virtue of, this Agreement. Section titles and headings are for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the interpretation
of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the parties expressly understand and agree that each and
every representation, warranty, covenant, undertaking, and agreement was not made or intended to be made as a personal representation,
undertaking, warranty, covenant, or agreement on the part of any individual. Any recourse, whether in common law, in equity, by statute
or otherwise, against any individual is hereby forever waived and released.

m)
Entire Agreement; Counterparts: Amendments. This Agreement, including any Schedules and Exhibits (which are by this reference
incorporated in their entirety), contains the parties entire understanding and supersedes all contemporaneous and prior understandings,
whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute the Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified except in an instrument
in writing executed by the duly authorized representatives of both parties.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement effective as of the day and year first above written.

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

LICENSOR: LICENSEE:

OVATION LLC NEXTTRIP INC.

By: /s/ Charles Segars By: /s/ William Kerby

Charles Segars, CEO William Kerby, CEO

Schedule
1

(Programs)

Schedule
2

(Quitclaim
Programs)

Schedule
3

(Reserved
Program Usage Rights For Streaming Platforms)

Schedule
4

(Payment
Schedule)

Payment Date Total 

April 30, 2025 $ 47,709 

July 31, 2025 $ 59,709 

October 31, 2025 $ 47,709 

January 31, 2026 $ 22,709 

April 30, 2026 $ 22,709 

July 31, 2026 $ 22,709 

October 31, 2026 $ 22,709 

January 31, 2027 $ 22,709 

April 30, 2027 $ 22,709 

July 31, 2027 $ 22,709 

October 31, 2027 $ 22,709 

Total $ 336,801
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

NextTrip
Acquires JOURNY TV Channel, Expanding Its FAST Media Footprint

Acquisition
Accelerates NextTrip Media Growth, Strengthening Audience Reach and Advertising Opportunities

Santa
Fe, NM April 7, 2025 NextTrip, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTRP) (NextTrip, we, our,
or the Company), a leading travel technology company dedicated to transforming how travelers plan, book, and experience
trips, today announced it has acquired the JOURNY trademark and associated domain names and other assets related to the business from
Ovation, LLC. Ovation will remain involved with the channel via an ownership stake in NextTrip. This strategic acquisition enhances NextTrips
content portfolio, expands its advertising reach, and further strengthens its existing Compass.tv platform, reinforcing the Companys
commitment to delivering premium travel discovery content that drives engagement and travel bookings.

JOURNY,
a premier established adventure and travel-themed FAST (Free Ad-Supported Streaming TV) channel, curates immersive programming centered
on exploration and global culture. Available on leading smartphones and FAST channel platforms that reach over 17 million active devices
each month, JOURNY captivates a diverse and engaged audience with high-quality travel storytelling.

We
are thrilled to welcome JOURNY to the NextTrip family as we continue to expand our portfolio of high-quality, travel-centric content,
said Bill Kerby, CEO of NextTrip. This addition perfectly complements Compass.tv and enhances our ability to connect with a broader
audience through compelling and inspiring travel narratives. We believe that JOURNYs established presence in the FAST space aligns
with and accelerates our strategy to drive deeper audience engagement and create valuable opportunities for advertisers and travel package
bookings.

Ovation
CEO, Charles Segars, commented, We are proud of JOURNYs evolution into a premiere destination for travel storytelling.
As fans of the genre, were excited to watch the service continue to grow as NextTrip leverages their library and production opportunities.
As investors in NextTrip, were excited to see JOURNYs distribution and reach contribute to the growing success of NextTrips
content and commerce ecosystem.

The
addition of JOURNY to NextTrips portfolio significantly bolsters NextTrips presence in the booming FAST market, which reaches
over 50 million active monthly users, exemplifying the immense potential of ad-supported streaming. Unlike traditional television, FAST
channels offer viewers free, on-demand access to premium content in exchange for intermittent ads, fostering larger audiences and robust
revenue generation for content providers.

The
FAST industry is experiencing unprecedented growth. According to TBI, U.S. FAST channel revenues are projected to hit $12 billion by
2027, with Statista forecasting 79.8 million FAST viewers. Allied Market Research further reports a projected 15.4% CAGR for global FAST
channels from 2023 to 2032, reflecting a surge in advertiser interest and investment in the space.

With
JOURNYs travel-focused programming and Compass.tvs expanding ecosystem, the Company believes that NextTrip is well positioned
to amplify its reach and advertising potential. This strategic synergy offers new opportunities for travel partners, content creators,
and brands seeking high-impact digital exposure.

Were
excited about the expanded reach and new partnerships that JOURNY enables, added Kerby. JOURNY and Compass.tv together
create a powerful top-of-funnel discovery vehicle for travel brands, tourism boards, and advertisers looking to connect with engaged,
adventure-seeking audiences.

Beyond
delivering top-tier content, JOURNY serves as a platform for tourism boards, advertisers, and influencers to showcase destinations and
experiences across digital, television, and social channels. With a growing roster of travel filmmakers and content creators, the channel
provides a dynamic space for storytelling that inspires global exploration.

This
addition of JOURNY marks a milestone in NextTrips evolution, reinforcing its commitment to innovation, content diversification,
and user engagement. By integrating JOURNY with Compass.tv, NextTrip continues to redefine the intersection of media and travel, making
global discovery more accessible and inspiring for audiences and travel consumers worldwide.

The
full terms of the JOURNY acquisition, including details on cash and restricted shares of NextTrip issued in the transaction, are available
in NextTrips Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

About
JOURNY

JOURNY
is a travel-entertainment app at the intersection of travel, art, and culture! Watch award-winning television series and popular shorts
focused on immersive experiences and unique storytelling for FREE! Powered by Ovation and designed for the conscientious traveler, our
programming centers on world travel, cultural tourism, and global citizenry. Utilizing a network of talented and passionate travel filmmakers,
producers and creators, JOURNY brings together the voices and stories that make us connected and human. JOURNY is also available as a
FAST channel destination, with hours of bingeable, curated programming. For more information visit JOURNY.tv

About
NextTrip

NextTrip
(NASDAQ: NTRP) is a technology-driven platform delivering innovative travel booking and travel media solutions. NextTrip Leisure offers
individual and group travelers vacations to the most popular and sought-after destinations in Mexico, the Caribbean, and around
the world. The NextTrip Media platform Travel Magazine provides a social media space for viewers to explore, educate,
and share their bucket list travel experiences with friends. Additionally, NextTrip is launching an end-to-end content
ecosystem that utilizes AI-assisted travel planning to capture advertising, build brand awareness, reward loyalty, and drive bookings.
For more information and to book a trip, visit www.nexttrip.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which Sections were adopted as part of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995). Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words believe, anticipate,
estimate, expect, intend, plan, project, prospects,
outlook, and similar words or expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, should,
would, may, and could are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. These
forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Among the important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements are risks relating to, among other things,
the Companys ability to effectively integrate the JOURNY business with its own; the Companys development efforts related
to its Compass.tv platform, JOURNY channel and its other platforms; changes in the FAST industry, including changes in demand, viewership
and revenue generating opportunities; changes to acceptance of NextTrips products and services; changes in travel trends; changes
in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions; unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect
the company; the overall level of consumer demand for NextTrips products/services, and Compass.tv and JOURNY TV channel in particular;
general economic conditions and other factors affecting consumer confidence, preferences, and behavior in the travel industry; disruption
and volatility in the global currency, capital, and credit markets; the financial strength of NextTrips customers; NextTrips
ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations; NextTrips ability to implement its business strategy; changes in governmental
regulation; NextTrips exposure to litigation claims and other loss contingencies; stability of consumer demand for NextTrips
products and services; any breaches of, or interruptions in, NextTrips information systems; fluctuations in the price, availability
and quality of products as well as foreign currency fluctuations; NextTrips ability to maintain its Nasdaq listing; and changes
in tax laws and liabilities, tariffs, legal, regulatory, political and economic risks. NextTrip disclaims any intention to, and undertakes
no obligation to, revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, a future event, or otherwise, except
as required by applicable law. For additional information regarding risks and uncertainties that could impact NextTrips forward-looking
statements, please see disclosures contained in the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29,
2024 filed with the SEC on September 4, 2024 and our other filings with the SEC which may be viewed at www.sec.gov.

Contacts

Chris
Tyson

Executive Vice President

MZ Group - MZ North America

949-491-8235

NTRP@mzgroup.us

www.mzgroup.us
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38015

Entity Registrant Name NextTrip,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000788611

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-1865814

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 3900
Paseo del Sol

Entity Address, City or Town Santa
Fe

Entity Address, State or Province NM

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 87507

City Area Code (505)

Local Phone Number 438-2576

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol NTRP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nexttrip.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
ntrp-20250401.xsd 
ntrp-20250401_lab.xml 
ntrp-20250401_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002933-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000788611 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000788611 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
NextTrip, Inc. 
NV 
001-38015 
27-1865814 
3900 Paseo del Sol 
Santa Fe 
NM 
87507 
(505) 
438-2576 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
NTRP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>