<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-023289.txt : 20250312
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-023289.hdr.sgml : 20250312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250312172007
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-023289
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FORMATION MINERALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001885336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				872406468
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41209
		FILM NUMBER:		25732778

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4730 S. FORT APACHE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89147
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(347) 325-4677

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4730 S. FORT APACHE RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89147

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SensaSure Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210928
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0234178-8k_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000188533600018853362025-03-052025-03-05iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 12, 2025 (March 5, 2025)

FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Nevada 001-41209 87-2406468

(State or other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

P.O. Box 67

Jacksboro, Texas76458

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

972-217-4080

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

In this Current Report
on Form 8-K, the terms we, us, our and the Company refer to Formation Minerals,
Inc., a Nevada corporation, unless the context indicates otherwise.

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

The information set forth in Item 2.03 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

On March 5, 2025, (the Issue Date)
the Company issued and sold to Alumni Capital, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (Alumni), a Promissory Note (the Alumni
Note) in the principal amount of $60,000, for a purchase price of $50,000, reflecting an original issue discount of $10,000, which
matures on May 5, 2025, pursuant to a Securities Purchase agreement (the Alumni Purchase Agreement), dated as of May 5,
2025, by and between the Company and Alumni.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from
the issuance of the Alumni Note for legal and general working capital purposes, subject to the limitations described in the Alumni Purchase
Agreement and the Alumni Note.

The note carries an interest rate of 10% of the
principal amount per calendar year from the issue date. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustments, must
be paid by the Company to Alumni on or prior to May 5, 2025 (the Maturity Date). The Company has the right to accelerate
payments or prepay in full at any time without prepayment penalty. Any amount of principal or interest on the Alumni Note which is not
paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of 22% per annum from the date due thereof until the same is paid.

The Alumni Note contains events of default customary
for this type of transaction. Upon an Event of Default (as defined in the Alumni Note), Alumni may, among other things, accelerate the
due date of the unpaid principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, the Alumni Note. Upon an event of default, interest
will accrue at a default interest rate of 22%.

At any time following an Event of Default (as
defined in the Alumni Note), Alumni has the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of the Alumni Note into
fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock, par value $0.01, of the Company (the Company Common Stock), or any
shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company into which such shares of Company Common Stock is changed or reclassified at
the conversion price provided in the Alumni Note. In connection with each conversion, Alumni is entitled to deduct $500 from the conversion
amount to cover Alumnis deposit fees associated with each notice of conversion. Any additional expenses incurred by Alumni with
respect to the Companys transfer agent, for the issuance of the shares of Company Common Stock into which the Alumni Note is convertible
into, will immediately and automatically be added to the balance of the Alumni Note at such time as the expenses are incurred by Alumni.
The conversion price (the Conversion Price) is equal to 60% multiplied by the lowest trading price for the shares of Company
Common Stock during the thirty (30) trading days prior to the date on which Alumni elects to convert (representing a discount rate of
40%). The conversion of the Alumni Note is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of 4.99% of the number of shares of Company Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Failure of the Company to so convert the Alumni Note and
deliver the Company Common Stock when due will result in the Company paying Alumni a penalty equal to $1,000 per day for each day beyond
such deadline.

1

The Alumni Purchase Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties, covenants and closing conditions for a transaction such as the Alumni loan. Certain of the representations
and warranties contained in the Alumni Purchase Agreement were made as of a specified date, may be subject to a contractual standard of
materiality different from what might be viewed as material to our stockholders or may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk
between the parties to the Alumni Purchase Agreement. Accordingly, the representations and warranties contained in the Alumni Purchase
Agreement are not necessarily characterizations of the actual state of facts with respect to us at the time they were made or otherwise,
and investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations,
warranties and covenants may have changed after the date of the Alumni Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may not be fully
reflected in our public disclosures.

The foregoing descriptions of the Alumni Purchase
Agreement and the Alumni Note are summaries and, as such, do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety
by reference to the full text of the Alumni Purchase Agreement and the Alumni Note, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2,
respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, each of which are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The disclosure set forth above in Item 2.03 of
this Current Report on Form 8-K relating to the issuance of the Alumni Note is incorporated by reference herein. The Alumni Note was,
and, unless subsequently registered, the shares of Company Common Stock underlying the Alumni Note will be, issued in reliance on the
exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder,
as no general solicitation was used in the offer and sale of such securities.

Investment Banking Fees

Enclave Capital LLC (Enclave)
acted as investment banker in connection with the Purchase Agreement and will receive a cash fee
equal to 8.0% of the aggregate consideration received by the Company at each closing under the Purchase Agreement pursuant to a letter
agreement dated November 6, 2024 between the Company and Enclave, in addition to reimbursement of Enclaves out-of-pocket expenses
in connection with the services rendered up to an aggregate of $50,000 for all services rendered thereunder.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibits

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2025, by and between Formation Minerals, Inc. and the Investor signatory thereto.

10.2 Promissory Note dated as of May 5, 2025, by and between Formation Minerals, Inc and the Investor signatory thereto

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document.)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: March 12, 2025

FORMATION MINERALS, INC. 

By: /s/ Scott A. Cox 

Scott A. Cox 

President, Chief Executive Officer and

Chief Financial Officer 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023417801ex10-1_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MAY 5, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN FORMATION MINERALS, INC. AND THE INVESTOR SIGNATORY THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of March 5, 2025, by and between FORMATION MINERALS, INC., a Nevada
corporation, with headquarters located at [ Address ] (the Company), and ALUMNI CAPITAL LP, a Delaware limited partnership,
with its address at 80 SW 8th Street, 20th Floor, Miami, FL 33131 (the Buyer).

WHEREAS:

A. The
Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act);

B. Buyer
desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement a promissory
note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in the aggregate principal amount of US$60,000 (together with any note(s)
issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, the Note),
convertible following an Event of Default into shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock),
upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note;

C. The
Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately
below its name on the signature pages hereto; and

NOW THEREFORE, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree
as follows:

1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTE.

a. Purchase
of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer the Note and the Buyer shall purchase
the Note from the Company such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately below the Buyers name on the signature pages
hereto.

b. Form
of Payment. On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Note in the amount of US$50,000
(the Purchase Price) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Companys
written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note in the principal amount equal to the Purchase Price, and (ii) the Company shall
deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price.

c. Closing
Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 7 and Section 8 below, the date
and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall be 12:00 noon, Eastern
Standard Time on the date hereof, or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(the Closing) shall occur on the Closing Date by remote exchange of documents, or at such location as may be agreed to by
the parties.

2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF THE BUYER. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that:

a. Investment
Purpose. As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the the Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or
otherwise pursuant to the Note (including, without limitation, such additional shares of Common Stock, if any, as are issuable (i) on
account of interest on the Note (ii) as a result of the events described in Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) of the Note or (iii) in payment of
the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount (as defined in Section 2(f) below) pursuant to this Agreement, such shares of Common Stock being
collectively referred to herein as the Conversion Shares) for its own account and not with a present view towards the public
sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided, however,
that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term
and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption
under the 1933 Act. For purposes of this Agreement, the Note and the transactions contemplated thereby, and the Conversion Shares shall
be referred to as the Securities

b. Accredited
Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited
Investor).

c. Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth
and accuracy of, and the Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and
understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the
Buyer to acquire the Securities.

d. Information.
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remain outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all
materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities
which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains
outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed
to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation
conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyers right to rely on the Companys
representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. The Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities involves a significant
degree of risk. The Buyer is not aware of any facts that may constitute a breach of any of the Companys representations and warranties
made herein.

e. Governmental
Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.

2

f. Transfer or
Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company,
an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the
effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration,
which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined
in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (Rule 144)) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or
otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities
are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933
Act (or a successor rule) (Regulation S), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the
Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate
transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be
made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities
under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that
term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of
the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the
1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case).
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged as collateral in
connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. In the event that the Company does not accept the
opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such
as Rule 144 or Regulation S, within three (3) business days of delivery of the opinion to the Company, the Company shall pay to the
Buyer liquidated damages of five percent (5%) of the outstanding amount of the Note per day plus accrued and unpaid interest on the
Note, prorated for partial months, in cash or shares at the option of the Buyer (Standard Liquidated Damages Amount).
If the Buyer elects to be pay the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the
Conversion Price (as defined in the Note) at the time of payment.

g. Legends.
The Buyer understands that the Note and, until such time as the Conversion Shares, have been registered under the 1933 Act may be sold
pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, the Conversion Shares, may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and
a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such Securities):

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE
OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES.

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement without such legend to the
holder of any Security upon which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such
Security is registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant
to Rule 144 or Regulation S or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) such holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and
scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security
may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is
effected. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) or a book entry statement(s) from
which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the
Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an
exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant
to Section 3.2 of the Note.

3

h. Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of
the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms.

i. Residency. The Buyer is organized
in the jurisdiction set forth in the preamble.

3. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that:

a. Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation or other entity duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate
and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and
conducted. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity to do business and is in
good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such
qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material
Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company
or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered
into in connection herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated,
in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.

b. Authorization;
Enforcement. (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note and
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note and the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof) have been duly authorized by the Companys Board of Directors and no further
consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative
with authority to sign this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv)
this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.

c. Capitalization.
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 1,850,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which approximately
99,112,508 shares are issued and outstanding. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, no shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to
the Companys stock option plans, no shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to securities (other than the Note and any other
promissory note issued to the Buyer) exercisable for, or convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock. All of such outstanding
shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital
stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances
imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, as of the effective date of this
Agreement, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements,
understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into
or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii)
there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of
its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any
security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of the
Note or the Conversion Shares. The Company has filed in its SEC Documents true and correct copies of the Companys Certificate of
Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof (Certificate of Incorporation), the Companys By-laws, as in effect
on the date hereof (the By- laws), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the
Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.

4

d. Issuance
of Note and Shares. The issuance of the Note is duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights, taxes, liens, charges and other
encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof. The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion
of the Note in accordance with its respective terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens,
claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders
of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

e. Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect to the Common Stock upon the issuance of the
Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Note. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue Conversion Shares upon conversion
of the Note in accordance with this Agreement and the Note, is absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such
issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company.

f. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and the Note, by the Company and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the
Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws,
or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or
lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation
of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii)
result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations
and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable to the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for
such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation,
By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred
which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or
by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are
not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or
regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any
applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or
registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization or stock market or any third party
in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, the Note in accordance with the terms hereof
or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and to issue the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the
Note. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding
sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of
the OTC Pink (the OTC Pink), the OTCQB or any similar quotation system, and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common
Stock will be delisted by the OTC Pink, the OTCQB or any similar quotation system, in the foreseeable future nor are the Companys securities
chilled by DTC. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any
of the foregoing.

5

g. SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
1934 Act) since December 31, 2024 (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included
therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by
reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Documents). The Company has delivered to the Buyer
true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the
statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such
statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial
statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and
fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of
the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case
of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company
included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the
ordinary course of business subsequent to December 31, 2024, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the
ordinary course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial
statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the
Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. For the avoidance of doubt, filing of the documents
required in this Section 3(g) via the SECs Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system (EDGAR)
shall satisfy all delivery requirements of this Section 3(g).

h. Absence
of Certain Changes. Since January 31, 2024, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets,
liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

i. Absence
of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material
Adverse Effect. Schedule 3(i) contains a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

j. Patents,
Copyrights, etc. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents,
patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service
names, trade names and copyrights (Intellectual Property) necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now
operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future). Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there is no claim
or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Companys knowledge threatened, which challenges the
right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as
now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the Companys knowledge, the
Companys or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual
Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any
of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property.

6

k. No
Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal
restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Companys officers has or is expected
in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement
which in the judgment of the Companys officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

l. Tax
Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for
the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid
taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no
basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment
or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Companys tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing
authority.

m. Certain
Transactions. Except for arms length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments in
the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties
and other than the grant of stock options disclosed on Schedule 3(c), none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company is
presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and directors),
including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real
or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge
of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

n. Disclosure.
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement is true and correct in
all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made
herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred
or exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or
financial conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but
which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Companys reports filed under the
1934 Act are being incorporated into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act).

o. Acknowledgment
Regarding Buyer Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity
of arms length purchasers with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges
that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its representatives or agents in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer
purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives.

p. No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not be
integrated with any other issuance of the Companys securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval
provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.

7

q. Permits;
Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits,
easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and
to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits), and there is no action pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts,
defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since
January 31, 2024, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults,
or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults
or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

r. Environmental Matters.

(i) There
are, to the Companys knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past
or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances,
conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws
and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental Laws means
all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation,
ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions,
discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively,
Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters,
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved
thereunder.

(ii) Other
than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or
about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released
on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property
was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Companys or any of its
Subsidiaries business.

(iii) There
are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are
not in compliance with applicable law.

s. Title to
Property. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple
to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects or such as would not have a
Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them
under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

t. Internal
Accounting Controls. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents the Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal
accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Companys board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability,
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences.

u. Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting
on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.

8

v. Solvency.
The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets have a fair market
value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and
currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to
the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability
to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company did not receive a qualified opinion
from its auditors with respect to its most recent fiscal year end other than with respect to its ability to continue as a going
concern and, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, does not anticipate or know of any basis upon
which its auditors might issue a qualified opinion in respect of its current fiscal year (other than with respect to its ability to continue
as a going concern).

w. No
Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not
be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company).
The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company.

x. Insurance.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and
risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company
and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to
renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will
provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage,
errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage.

y. Bad
Actor. No officer or director of the Company would be disqualified under Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act as amended on the basis
of being a bad actor as that term is established in the September 19, 2013 Small Entity Compliance Guide published by the
SEC.

aa. Shell Status.
The Company represents that it is not a shell issuer and that if it previously has been a shell issuer, that
at least twelve (12) months have passed since the Company has reported Form 10 type information indicating that it is no longer a shell
issuer. Further, the Company will instruct its counsel to either (i) write a 144- 3(a)(9) opinion to allow for salability of the Conversion
Shares or (ii) accept such opinion from Holders counsel.

bb. No-Off Balance
Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not
so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

cc. Manipulation
of Price. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any
action designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for,
purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person
any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

dd. Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. The Company and each Subsidiary is in material compliance with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
that are effective as of the date hereof, and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder that are effective
as of the date hereof.

ee. Employee
Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or employs any
member of a union. The Company believes that its and its Subsidiaries relations with their respective employees are good. No
executive officer (as defined in Rule 501(f) promulgated under the 1933 Act) or other key employee of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has notified the Company or any such Subsidiary that such officer intends to leave the Company or any such Subsidiary
or otherwise terminate such officers employment with the Company or any such Subsidiary. To the knowledge of the Company, no
executive officer or other key employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any
material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement, non- competition
agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant, and the continued employment of each such executive
officer or other key employee (as the case may be) does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with
respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all federal, state, local and
foreign laws and regulations respecting labor, employment and employment practices and benefits, terms and conditions of employment
and wages and hours, except where failure to be in compliance would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

9

ff. Breach of
Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties
set forth in this Section 3, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement and it being considered
an Event of Default under Section 3.5 of the Note, the Company shall pay to the Buyer the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount in cash or
in shares of Common Stock at the option of the Company, until such breach is cured. If the Company elects to pay the Standard Liquidated
Damages Amounts in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the Conversion Price at the time of payment.

4. COVENANTS.

a. Best
Efforts. The parties shall use their commercially reasonable best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section
7 and 8 of this Agreement.

b. Form
D; Blue Sky Laws. If requested by Buyer, the Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation
D and to provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action
as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant
to this Agreement under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption
from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date.

c. Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Note for working capital, other general corporate purposes, and
shall not, directly or indirectly, use such proceeds for any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or
other person (except in connection with its currently existing direct or indirect Subsidiaries).

d. The
Buyer is Not a Dealer. The Buyer and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that the Buyer has not: (i) acted as an
underwriter; (ii) acted as a market maker or specialist; (iii) acted as de facto market maker; or (iv) conducted any other
professional market activities such as providing investment advice, extending credit and lending securities in connection; and thus that
the Buyer is not a Dealer as such term is defined in the 1934 Act.

e. Expenses.
The Company shall reimburse Buyer for any and all expenses incurred by them in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other agreements to be executed in connection herewith (Documents), including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys and consultants fees and expenses, transfer agent fees, fees for stock quotation
services, fees relating to any amendments or modifications of the Documents or any consents or waivers of provisions in the Documents,
fees for the preparation of opinions of counsel, escrow fees, and costs of restructuring the transactions contemplated by the Documents.
When possible, the Company must pay these fees directly, including, but not limited to, any and all wire fees, otherwise the Company must
make immediate payment for reimbursement to the Buyer for all fees and expenses immediately upon written notice by the Buyer or the submission
of an invoice by the Buyer.

f. Financial
Information. The Company agrees to send or make available the following reports to the Buyer until the Buyer transfers, assigns,
or sells all of the Securities: (i) within ten (10) days after the filing with the SEC, a copy of its Annual Report on Form 10-K its
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and any Current Reports on Form 8-K; (ii) within one (1) day after release, copies of all press
releases issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and (iii) contemporaneously with the making available or giving to the
shareholders of the Company, copies of any notices or other information the Company makes available or gives to such shareholders.
For the avoidance of doubt, filing the documents required in (i) above via EDGAR or releasing any documents set forth in (ii) above
via a recognized wire service shall satisfy the delivery requirements of this Section 4(f).

10

g. Listing.
The Company shall promptly secure the listing of the Conversion Shares upon each national securities exchange or automated quotation system,
if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance) and, so long as the Buyer owns any
of the Securities, shall maintain, so long as any other shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all Conversion Shares
from time to time issuable upon conversion of the Note. The Company will obtain and, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities,
maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the OTC Pink, OTCQB or any equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq National
Market (Nasdaq), the Nasdaq SmallCap Market (Nasdaq SmallCap), the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE),
or the NYSE American and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws
or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly
provide to the Buyer copies of any material notices it receives from the OTC Pink, OTCQB and any other exchanges or quotation systems
on which the Common Stock is then listed regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation
systems. The Company shall pay any and all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section 4(g).

h. Corporate
Existence. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell
all or substantially all of the Companys assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of the Companys assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Companys obligations
hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose
Common Stock is listed for trading on the OTC Pink, OTCQB, Nasdaq, NasdaqSmallCap, NYSE or AMEX.

i. No
Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would
require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be
integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the
Company or its securities.

j. Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.

k. Restriction
on Activities. Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the sooner of the twelve (12) month anniversary of the date
first written above or payment of the Note in full, or full conversion of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without
the Buyers prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; (b)
sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; or (c) solicit any offers
for, respond to any unsolicited offers for, or conduct any negotiations with any other person or entity in respect of any variable rate
debt transactions (i.e., transactions were the conversion or exercise price of the security issued by the Company varies based on the
market price of the Common Stock) with a price per share below $0.10, whether a transaction similar to the one contemplated hereby or
any other investment.

l. Legal
Counsel Opinions. Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for
promptly supplying to the Companys transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the
Legal Counsel Opinion) to the effect that the sale of Conversion Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and
assigns is exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are
satisfied and provided the Conversion Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective
registration statement) or other applicable exemption. Should the Companys legal counsel fail for any reason to issue the
Legal Counsel Opinion, the Buyer may (at the Companys cost) secure another legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion,
and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion.

m. Par
Value. If the closing bid price at any time the Note is outstanding falls below $0.01, the Company shall cause the par value of its
Common Stock to be reduced to $0.01 or less.

n. Breach
of Covenants. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to
any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the
Note, the Company shall pay to the Buyer the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount in cash or in shares of Common Stock at the option of
the Buyer, until such breach is cured, or with respect to Section 4(d) above, the Company shall pay to the Buyer the Standard Liquidated
Damages Amount in cash or shares of Common Stock, at the option of the Buyer, upon each violation of such provision. If the Company elects
to pay the Standard Liquidated Damages Amounts in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the Conversion Price at the time
of payment.

11

o. SEC
Disclosures. The Company agrees to include disclosure of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein, including, without
limitation, the name of the Buyer, in its Annual Report on Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and any Current Reports on Form
8-K (as applicable).

5. Reserved.

6. Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered in
the name of the Buyer or its nominee, for the Conversion Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the
Company upon conversion of the Note in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the
effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the
Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares
under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption without
any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates
shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other
than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section, and stop transfer instructions to give effect to
Section 2(f) hereof (in the case of the Conversion Shares, prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the
date on which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the
number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold and will be given by the the Company to its transfer
agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent
provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder
its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Conversion Shares under
the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares are to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to
the Note; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its
transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any
certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required
by the Note and this Agreement. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyers obligations and agreement set
forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities.
If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without
registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the
Securities can be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case
of the Conversion Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in
such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations
hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section may be inadequate
and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be
entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer,
without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

7. CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATIONS TO SELL. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer
at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that
these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion:

a. The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement
and delivered the same to the Company.

12

b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase
Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

c. The
representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall
have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

d. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

8. CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO THE BUYERS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note at the Closing is
subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for
the Buyers sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

a. The Company shall have executed this Agreement
and delivered the same to the Buyer.

b. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note.

c. The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer duly executed copies of the other Transaction Documents.

d. The
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Companys Transfer Agent.

e. The
representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received a certificate
or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect and as
to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to certificates with respect to the Companys
Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and Board of Directors resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.

f. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over
the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

g. No
event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.

h. The
Conversion Shares shall have been authorized for quotation on the OTC Pink, OTCQB or any similar quotation system and trading in the Common
Stock on the OTC Pink, OTCQB or any similar quotation system shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the OTC Pink, OTCQB or any similar
quotation system.

13

9. GOVERNING LAW; MISCELLANEOUS.

a. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts located
in the State of Delaware or in the federal courts located in the State of Delaware. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably
waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT
TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH
OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. The prevailing
party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. In the event that any provision of
this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule
of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to
conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law.

b. Counterparts;
Signatures by Facsimile. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but
all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and
delivered to the other party. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by facsimile transmission
of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

c. Construction;
Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Agreement.

d. Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision
shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or
rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision hereof.

e. Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor
the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may
be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer.

14

f. Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery,
telegram, email, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently
by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand
delivery or delivery by email or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be
received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such
address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company,
to:

Formation Minerals,
Inc.

PO Box 67

Jacksboro, Texas
76458

Attn: CEO

E-mail: scott@formationminerals.com

If to the Buyer:

Alumni Capital LP

80 SW 8th Street, 20th Floor

Miami, FL 33131

Attn: Operations

Email: operations@alumnicapital.com

Each party shall provide notice to the other party of any
change in address.

g. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. Neither
the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the
other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 2(f), the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person that purchases
Securities in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act,
without the consent of the Company.

h. Third
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

i. Survival.
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing
hereunder not withstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to
any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any
of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

15

j. Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

k. No
Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

l. Remedies.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of
this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to
the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required.

m. Publicity.
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, OTCQB
or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however,
that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, OTCQB (or other applicable
trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although the Buyer
shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with a copy thereof
and be given an opportunity to comment thereon).

n. Indemnification.
In consideration of the Buyers execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition
to all of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold
harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of
the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether
any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or
relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement or the Note or
any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or
obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement or the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these
purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance
or enforcement of this Agreement or the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby,
(ii) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the
Securities, or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, other than in the case of this clause (c), as result of the gross negligence, willful misconduct or violation of law
by the Buyer or any Indemnitee. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the
Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible
under applicable law.

[signature page follows]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer
and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

FORMATION MINERALS, INC. 

Name: Scott A. Cox 

Title: CEO 

Date: 03/05/2025 

ALUMNI CAPITAL LP 

By: ALUMNI CAPITAL GP LLC 

Name: Ashkan Mapar 

Title: Manager 

Date: 03/05/2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023417801ex10-2_formation.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE DATED AS OF MAY 5, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN FORMATION MINERALS, INC AND THE INVESTOR SIGNATORY THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
(I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED
UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES.

Principal Amount: US$60,000.00 Issue Date: March 5, 2025

Purchase Price: US50,000.00 

PROMISSORY NOTE

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
FORMATION MINERALS, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(hereinafter called the Borrower) (Trading Symbol: FOMI), hereby promises to pay to the order of Alumni Capital LP,
a Delaware limited partnership, or registered assigns (the Holder) the sum of US$60,000.00 (the Principal)
together with guaranteed interest (the Interest) on the Principal balance hereof in the amount of ten percent (10%) (the
Interest Rate) per calendar year from the date hereof (the Issue Date). All Principal and Interest owing hereunder,
along with any and all other amounts, shall be due and owing on May 5, 2025 (the Maturity Date). Interest shall accrue on
a monthly basis and is payable on the first of each month following the Issue Date or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the final payment of Principal and Interest shall be due on the Maturity Date. This Note may be prepaid
in whole or in part as set forth herein. Any amount of Principal or Interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest
at the rate of the lesser of (i) twenty-two percent (22%) per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted under law from the due date
thereof until the same is paid (the Default Interest). Default Interest shall commence accruing upon an Event of Default
and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. All payments due hereunder (to the extent
not converted into common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall
be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give
to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the
terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a
business day and, in the case of any interest payment date which is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension of
the due date thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of interest due on such date. As used in this
Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city
of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. Each capitalized term used herein, and not
otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant
to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement).

This Note carries an original
issue discount of $10,000 (the OID), to cover the Holders monitoring costs associated with the purchase and sale
of the Note, which is included in the principal balance of this Note. Thus, the purchase price of this Note shall be $60,000 computed
as follows: the Principal Amount minus the OID.

This Note is free from all
taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar
rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

The following terms shall
also apply to this Note:

Article
I. CONVERSION RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT

1.1 Conversion Right.
The Holder shall have the right, from time to time following an Event of Default, and ending on the date of payment of the Default
Amount (as defined in Article III) pursuant to Section 1.6(a) or Article III, each in respect of the remaining outstanding principal amount
of this Note to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal, interest, penalties, and all other amounts under this
Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital
stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the Conversion Price
(as defined below) determined as provided herein (a Conversion); provided, however, that in no event shall
the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of
(1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which
may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion
of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein)
and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination
of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 9.99% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Regulations 13D-G
thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion
of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect
on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion),
delivered to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice
of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the
Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion
Date). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal
amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, provided however, that the Borrower shall
have the right to pay any or all interest in cash plus (3) at the Holders option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts
referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holders option, any amounts owed to the
Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof.

2

1.2 Conversion Price.

Calculation of Conversion
Price. Subject to the adjustments described herein, the conversion price (the Conversion Price) shall equal the lowest
traded price of the Common Stock during the thirty (30) Business Days prior to a Notice of Conversion multiplied by sixty percent (60%).
To the extent the Conversion Price of the Borrowers Common Stock closes
below the par value per share, the Borrower will take all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce the par
value to the lowest value possible under law. The Borrower agrees to honor all conversions submitted pending this adjustment. If
the shares of the Borrowers Common Stock have not been delivered within three (2) business days to the Borrower or Borrowers
transfer agent, the Notice of Conversion may be rescinded. At any time after the Closing Date, if in the case that the Borrowers
Common Stock is not deliverable by DWAC (including if the Borrowers transfer agent has a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery
of shares of the Borrowers Common Stock specified in a Notice of Conversion), an additional 10% discount will apply for all future
conversions under all Notes until DWAC delivery becomes available. If in the case that the Borrowers Common Stock is chilled
for deposit into the DTC system and only eligible for clearing deposit, a 15% discount shall apply for all future conversions under all
Note until such chill is lifted. Additionally, if the Borrower ceases to be a reporting company pursuant to the 1934 Act or if the Note
cannot be converted into free trading shares after one hundred eighty-one (181) days from the Issue Date (other than as a result of the
Holders status as an affiliate of the Company), an additional 15% discount will be attributed to the Conversion Price. If the trading
price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the trading price shall be the fair market value
as mutually determined by the Borrower and the Holder. Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable
for any period on the OTC Pink, OTCQB or on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is
then being traded. The Borrower shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance.
Holder shall be entitled to deduct $500.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holders deposit fees
associated with each Notice of Conversion.

While this Note is outstanding,
each time any 3rd party has the right to convert monies owed to that 3rd party (or receive shares pursuant to a
settlement or otherwise), including but not limited to under Section 3(a)(9) and Section 3(a)(10), at a discount to market greater than
the Conversion Price in effect at that time (prior to all other applicable adjustments in the Note), but excluding any 3rd
party loans that are already outstanding on the Issue Date, then the Holder, in Holders sole discretion, may utilize such greater
discount percentage (prior to all applicable adjustments in this Note) until this Note is no longer outstanding. While this Note is outstanding,
each time any 3rd party has a look back period greater than the look back period in effect under the Note at that time, including
but not limited to under Section 3(a)(9) and Section 3(a)(10), then the Holder, in Holders sole discretion, may utilize such greater
number of look back days until this Note is no longer outstanding. The Borrower shall give written notice to the Holder within one (1)
business day of becoming aware of any event that could permit the Holder to make any adjustment described in the two immediately preceding
sentences.

3

(a) Conversion Price During
Major Announcements. Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 1.2(a) to the contrary, in the event the Borrower (i) makes a public
announcement that it intends to consolidate or merge with any other corporation (other than a merger in which the Borrower is the surviving
or continuing corporation and its capital stock is unchanged) or sell or transfer all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower
or (ii) any person, group or entity (including the Borrower) publicly announces a tender offer to purchase 50% or more of the Borrowers
Common Stock (or any other takeover scheme) (the date of the announcement referred to in clause (i) or (ii) is hereinafter referred to
as the Announcement Date), then the Conversion Price shall, effective upon the Announcement Date and continuing through
the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date (as defined below), be equal to the lower of (x) the Conversion Price which would have
been applicable for a Conversion occurring on the Announcement Date and (y) the Conversion Price that would otherwise be in effect. From
and after the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date, the Conversion Price shall be determined as set forth in this Section 1.2(a).
For purposes hereof, Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date shall mean, with respect to any proposed transaction or
tender offer (or takeover scheme) for which a public announcement as contemplated by this Section 1.2(b) has been made, the date upon
which the Borrower (in the case of clause (i) above) or the person, group or entity (in the case of clause (ii) above) consummates or
publicly announces the termination or abandonment of the proposed transaction or tender offer (or takeover scheme) which caused this Section
1.2(b) to become operative.

(b) Pro Rata Conversion;
Disputes. In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder in connection with a conversion
of this Note, the Borrower shall issue to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance
with Section 4.13.

(c) If
at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then
the Conversion Price hereunder shall equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion shall be increased
to include Additional Principal, where Additional Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount
to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion
shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been subject to the minimum price set forth in this Section 1.2(c).

4

1.3 Authorized Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period while any outstanding balance is owing hereunder or any conversion of the Note is available, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved at least three (3) times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Notes in effect from time to time) (the Reserved Amount). The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with the Borrowers obligations pursuant to Section 3(d) of the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Notes. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Reserved Amount be lower than the initial Reserved Amount, regardless of any prior conversions.

If, at any time the Borrower
does not maintain or replenish the Reserved Amount as required hereunder within three (3) business days of the request of the Holder,
the principal amount of the Note shall increase by One Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars ($1,000) (under Holders and Borrowers
expectation that any principal amount increase will tack back to the Issue Date) per occurrence.

1.4 Method of Conversion.

(a) Mechanics of Conversion.
Subject to Section 1.1, this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time after an Event of Default,
by (A) submitting to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable
means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section
1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower.

5

(b) Surrender of Note Upon
Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note
is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted and the dates of such conversions
or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this
Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Borrower shall, prima
facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion
of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note
to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered
as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid
principal amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(c) Payment of Taxes.
The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of
shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder (or in street
name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless and until the
person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holders account)
requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of the Borrower that such tax has been paid.

(d) Delivery of Common
Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable means
of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall
issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion
of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement.

(e) Obligation of Borrower
to Deliver Common Stock. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record
of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this
Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights
with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or
other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion
as provided herein, the Borrowers obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional,
irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof,
the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other
obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach
or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit
such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion
shall be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by the Borrower before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time,
on such date.

6

(f) Delivery of Common
Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion,
provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST)
program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower
shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian
(DWAC) system.

(g) DTC Eligibility &
Market Loss. If the Borrower fails to maintain its status as DTC Eligible for any reason, the principal amount of the
Note shall increase by Five Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars ($5,000) (under Holders and Borrowers expectation
that any principal amount increase will tack back to the Issue Date) and the Variable Conversion Price shall be redefined to mean fifty
percent (50%) multiplied by the lowest closing bid price during the fifty (50) Business Days prior to a Notice of Conversion, subject
to adjustment as provided in this Note.

(h) Failure to Deliver
Common Stock Prior to Delivery Deadline. Without in any way limiting the Holders right to pursue other remedies, including
actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note is
not delivered by the Deadline (other than a failure due to the circumstances described in Section 1.3 above, which failure shall be governed
by such Section) the Borrower shall pay to the Holder $1,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails
to deliver such Common Stock until the Borrower issues and delivers a certificate to the Holder or credit the Holders balance account
with OTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion of any Conversion Amount
(under Holders and Borrowers expectation that any damages will tack back to the Issue Date). Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder
by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower
by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which
event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible
into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the
Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible
to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision contained in this Section 1.4(h) are justified.

(i) Rescindment of a Notice
of Conversion. If (i) the Borrower fails to respond to Holder within one (1) business day from the Conversion Date confirming
the details of Notice of Conversion, (ii) the Borrower fails to provide any of the shares of the Borrowers Common Stock requested
in the Notice of Conversion within three (3) business days from the date of receipt of the Note of Conversion, (iii) the Holder is unable
to procure a legal opinion required to have the shares of the Borrowers Common Stock issued unrestricted and/or deposited to sell
for any reason related to the Borrowers standing, (iv) the Holder is unable to deposit the shares of the Borrowers Common
Stock requested in the Notice of Conversion for any reason related to the Borrowers standing, (v) at any time after a missed Deadline,
at the Holders sole discretion, or (vi) if OTC Markets changes the Borrowers designation to Limited Information
(Yield), No Information (Stop Sign), Caveat Emptor (Skull & Crossbones), OTC, Other
OTC or Grey Market (Exclamation Mark Sign) or other trading restriction on the day of or any day after the Conversion
Date, the Holder maintains the option and sole discretion to rescind the Notice of Conversion (Rescindment) with a Notice
of Rescindment.

7

1.5 Concerning the Shares.
The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion
of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect
that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such
shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor rule) (Rule 144) or other applicable exemption
or (iv) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Holder who agrees to sell or otherwise
transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).
Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule
144 or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately
sold, each certificate for shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note that has not been so included in an effective
registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal
of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate:

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES.

The legend set forth above shall
be removed and the Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if (i) the Borrower or its
transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable
transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which
opinion shall be reasonably accepted by the Borrower so that the sale or transfer is effected or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed
under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of
securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold. In the event that the Borrower does not accept the opinion of counsel
provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation
S, at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.

8

1.6 Effect of Certain Events.

(a) Effect of Merger, Consolidation,
Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, the
effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power of the Borrower
is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below)
or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default (as defined in Article III) pursuant
to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount
equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall
mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

(b) Adjustment Due to Merger,
Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of the Notes, there shall
be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of which shares
of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or
securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower
other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right
to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of
Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled
to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations
on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of
the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion
Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable
in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not affect any transaction
described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, fifteen (15) days prior written notice (but in
any event at least ten (10) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there
is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other
similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor
or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b). The above provisions shall
similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

9

(c) Adjustment Due to Distribution.
If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock as a
dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the Borrowers shareholders
in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution), then
the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled
to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination
of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

(d) Adjustment Due to Dilutive
Issuance. If, at any time when any Notes are issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues or sells, or in accordance with this Section
1.6(d) hereof is deemed to have issued or sold, except for shares of Common Stock issued in an Exempt Issuance (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), any shares of Common Stock for a consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or commissions or underwriting
discounts or allowances in connection therewith) less than the Conversion Price in effect on the date of such issuance (or deemed issuance)
of such shares of Common Stock (a Dilutive Issuance), then immediately upon the Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price
will be reduced to the amount of the consideration per share received by the Borrower in such Dilutive Issuance.

The Borrower shall be deemed
to have issued or sold shares of Common Stock if the Borrower in any manner issues or grants any warrants, rights or options (not including
employee stock option plans), whether or not immediately exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase Common Stock or other securities
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock (Convertible Securities) (such warrants, rights and options to purchase
Common Stock or Convertible Securities are hereinafter referred to as Options) and the price per share for which Common
Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, then the Conversion Price shall
be equal to such price per share. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable
upon the exercise of such Options is determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Borrower
as consideration for the issuance or granting of all such Options, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any,
payable to the Borrower upon the exercise of all such Options, plus, in the case of Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise
of such Options, the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration payable upon the conversion or exchange thereof at the time
such Convertible Securities first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of all such Options (assuming full conversion of Convertible Securities, if applicable). No further adjustment to the
Conversion Price will be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon the exercise of such Options or upon the conversion or
exchange of Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of such Options.

10

Additionally, the Borrower
shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of Common Stock if the Borrower in any manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities,
whether or not immediately convertible (other than in an Exempt Issuance), and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable
upon such conversion or exchange is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, then the Conversion Price shall be equal to such price
per share. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion
or exchange is determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Borrower as consideration for
the issuance or sale of all such Convertible Securities, plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable
to the Borrower upon the conversion or exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities first become convertible or exchangeable,
by (ii) the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities.
No further adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities.

(e) Purchase Rights.
If, at any time when any Notes are issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities or rights to purchase stock,
warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights) pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock,
then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights
which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion
of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date on which a record is taken
for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

(f) Notice of Adjustments.
Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in this Section 1.6,
the Borrower, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate
setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Borrower shall, upon the written request at any time of the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustment
or readjustment, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any,
of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note.

1.7 Status as Shareholder.
Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the shares covered thereby (other than the shares, if any, which cannot be
issued because their issuance would exceed such Holders allocated portion of the Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall
be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holders rights as a Holder of such converted portion of this Note
shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided
herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of this
Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th)
business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless
the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the
rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable,
return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion of
this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies (including, without limitation,
(i) the right to receive Conversion Default Payments pursuant to Section 1.3 to the extent required thereby for such Conversion Default
and any subsequent Conversion Default and (ii) the right to have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent conversions determined
in accordance with Section 1.3) for the Borrowers failure to convert this Note.

11

1.8 Prepayment. The Borrower
may at any time pay or prepay all or any portion of the amounts outstanding hereunder by making a payment to the Holder of an amount in
cash equal to the sum of: (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the
unpaid principal amount of this Note plus (y) Default Interest, if any.

Article
II. CERTAIN COVENANTS

2.1 Distributions on Capital
Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holders written
consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other securities)
on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock or (b)
directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock except for distributions
pursuant to any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrowers disinterested directors.

2.2 Restriction on Stock
Repurchases. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holders
written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other securities or otherwise)
in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants, rights or options
to purchase or acquire any such shares.

2.3 Borrowings. So long
as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders written consent, create,
incur, assume guarantee, endorse, contingently agree to purchase or otherwise become liable upon the obligation of any person, firm, partnership,
joint venture or corporation, except by the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection, or suffer to exist any liability
for borrowed money, except (a) borrowings in existence or committed on the date hereof and of which the Borrower has informed Holder in
writing prior to the date hereof, (b) indebtedness to trade creditors financial institutions or other lenders incurred in the ordinary
course of business, (c) borrowings, the proceeds of which shall be used to repay this Note, (d) borrowings which are expressly subordinated
to this Note, and (e) indebtedness incurred by the Borrower solely for the purposes of immediate material working capital needs. The Borrower
shall use the proceeds from any borrowings or financings following the date hereof to repay this Note.

12

2.4 Sale of Assets. So
long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders written consent, sell,
lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent to the disposition
of any assets shall be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds towards the repayment of this Note.

2.5 Advances and Loans.
So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders written consent,
lend money, give credit or make advances to any person, firm, joint venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors,
employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the date hereof
and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior to the date hereof, (b) made in the ordinary course of business or (c) not
in excess of $100,000.

2.6 Section 3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10)
Transaction. So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement structured in accordance
with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(9) Transaction)
or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction). In the event that the Borrower does enter into, or makes
any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages
charge of 25% of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than Fifteen Thousand Dollars $15,000, will be assessed
and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of cash payment or addition to the balance of this
Note.

2.7 Preservation of Existence,
etc. The Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights
and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets)
to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased
by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary.

2.8 Non-circumvention.
The Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that the Borrower will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all
times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder.

2.9 Repayment from Proceeds.
While any portion of the Note is outstanding, if the Borrower receives cash proceeds from any source or series of unrelated sources, including
but not limited to, from payments from customers, the issuance of equity or debt, the conversion of outstanding warrants of the Borrower,
issuance of securities pursuant to an equity line of credit of the Borrower or the sale of assets, the Borrower shall, within one (1)
business day of Borrowers receipt of such proceeds, inform the Holder of such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the
right in its sole discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply all or any portion of of the outstanding amounts owed under
this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this provision shall constitute an Event of Default.

13

Article
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If any of the following events
of default (each, an Event of Default) shall occur:

3.1 Failure to Pay Principal
or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at maturity, upon acceleration
or otherwise.

3.2 Conversion and the Shares.
The Borrower (i) fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will not honor its
obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note, (ii)
fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares
of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, (iii) directs
its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically
or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant
to this Note as and when required by this Note, (iv) fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays,
and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof)
on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when
required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described
in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations
shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, (v) fails
to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent, (vi) causes a conversion of this Note to be delayed, hindered or frustrated
due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent, (vii) fails to repay Holder, within forty eight (48) hours of a demand from
the Holder, any amount of funds advanced by Holder to Borrowers transfer agent in order to process a conversion, (viii) fails to
reserve sufficient amount of shares of common stock to satisfy the Reserved Amount at all times, (ix) fails to provide a Rule 144 opinion
letter from the Borrowers legal counsel to the Holder, covering the Holders resale into the public market of the respective
conversion shares under this Note, within two (2) business days of the Holders submission of a Notice of Conversion to the Borrower
(provided that the Holder must request the opinion from the Borrower at the time that Holder submits the respective Notice of Conversion
and the date of the respective Notice of Conversion must be on or after the date which is six (6) months after the date that the Holder
funded the Purchase Price under this Note), and/or (x) an exemption under Rule 144 is unavailable for the Holders deposit into
Holders brokerage account and resale into the public market of any of the conversion shares under this Note at any time after the
date which is six (6) months after the date that the Holder funded the Purchase Price under this Note (other than as a result of Holders
status as an affiliate of the Borrower).

14

3.3 Breach of Covenants.
The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral documents including
but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of ten (10) days after written notice thereof to the
Borrower from the Holder.

3.4 Breach of Representations
and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in
writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall be false or misleading
in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the
rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.

3.5 Receiver or Trustee.
The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution,
or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such
a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed for the Borrower or for a substantial part of its property or business without its
consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment.

3.6 Judgments. Any money
judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of its property
or other assets for more than $50,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless otherwise
consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

3.7 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any bankruptcy
law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower, or the Borrower
admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature, or have filed against it an involuntary petition for bankruptcy
relief, all under federal or state laws as applicable or the Borrower admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they
mature, or have filed against it an involuntary petition for bankruptcy relief, all under international, federal or state laws as applicable.

3.8 Delisting of Common Stock.
The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC Pink, OTCQB, Nasdaq National Market, Nasdaq
Small Cap Market, New York Stock Exchange, NYSE MKT, or an equivalent replacement exchange

3.9 Failure to Comply with
the Exchange Act. The Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (including but not limited
to becoming delinquent in its filings); and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

15

3.10 Liquidation. Any
dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

3.11 Cessation of Operations.
Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such debts become due,
provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going concern shall not be an admission
that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

3.12 Maintenance of Assets.
The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets which are necessary
to conduct its business (whether now or in the future), or any disposition or conveyance of any material asset of the Borrower.

3.13 Financial Statement
Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from two years
prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison
to the unrestated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note
or the Purchase Agreement.

3.14 Reverse Splits.
The Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its Common Stock without twenty (20) days prior written notice to the Holder.

3.16 Replacement of Transfer
Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to the effective
date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by
the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.

3.17 Cessation of Trading.
Any cessation of trading of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC Pink, OTCQB, Nasdaq National Market, Nasdaq Small Cap Market,
New York Stock Exchange, NYSE MKT, or an equivalent replacement exchange, and such cessation of trading shall continue for a period of
five consecutive (5) Trading Days.

16

3.18 Cross-Default.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by
the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements (as defined herein), after the
passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this
Note and the Other Agreements, in which event the Holder shall be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and
remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or
hereunder. Other Agreements means,
collectively, all agreements and instruments between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit of, (2) the Holder
(and any affiliate of the Holder) or any other third party, including, without limitation, promissory notes; provided, however, the
term Other Agreements shall not include the agreements and instruments defined as the Documents. Each of the loan
transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and with all other existing and future debt of Borrower to the
Holder.

3.19 Bid Price. The Borrower
shall lose the bid price for its Common Stock ($0.0001 on the Ask with zero market makers on the Bid
per Level 2) and/or a market (including the OTC Pink, OTCQB or an equivalent replacement exchange).

3.20 OTC Markets Designation.
OTC Markets changes the Borrowers designation to No Information (Stop Sign), Caveat Emptor (Skull and
Crossbones), or OTC, Other OTC or Grey Market (Exclamation Mark Sign).

3.21 Inside Information.
Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual transmittal, conveyance,
or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information concerning the Borrower,
to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrowers filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation
FD on that same date.

3.22 Unavailability of Rule
144. If, at any time on or after the date which is six (6) months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to (i) obtain a standard
144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holders brokerage firm (and respective
clearing firm), and the Borrowers transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holders conversion of any portion of the Note
into free trading shares of the Borrowers Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and (ii) thereupon deposit such shares into the Holders
brokerage account (in each case, other than as a result of Holders status as an affiliate of the Borrower).

3.23 Delisting or Suspension
of Trading of Common Stock. If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrowers Common Stock (i) is suspended from trading,
(ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on any level of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ
Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE American.

17

UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED
IN SECTION 3 OF THIS NOTE, THE NOTE SHALL BECOME IMMEDIATELY AND AUTOMATICALLY DUE AND PAYABLE WITHOUT DEMAND, PRESENTMENT, OR NOTICE
AND THE BORROWER SHALL PAY TO THE HOLDER, IN FULL SATISFACTION OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO: (A) IN THE EVENT OF AN
OCCURRENCE OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN OF SECTION 3.2, 3.9, 3.10, 3.16, 3.17, 3.19, 3.20, 3.22 OR 3.23, the
then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note
to the date of payment (the Mandatory Prepayment Date) plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred
to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof, MULTIPLIED BY
TWO (2); OR (B) IN THE EVENT OF THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN ANY OTHER SECTION, the
then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note
to the Mandatory Prepayment Date, plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus
(z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof (the then outstanding principal amount of this Note to the
date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the Default Sum)
or (ii) at the option of the Holder, the parity value of the Default Sum to be prepaid, where parity value means (a) the
highest number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to such Default Sum in accordance with Article
I, treating the Trading Day immediately preceding the Mandatory Prepayment Date as the Conversion Date for purposes of determining
the lowest applicable Conversion Price, unless the Default Event arises as a result of a breach in respect of a specific Conversion Date
in which case such Conversion Date shall be the Conversion Date), multiplied by (b) the highest trading price for the Common Stock
during the period beginning on the date of first occurrence of the Event of Default and ending one day prior to the Mandatory Prepayment
Date (the Default Amount) and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without
demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal
fees and expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.
Further, if a breach of Sections 3.9, 3.10 and/or 3.19 occurs or is continuing after the three (3) month anniversary of this Note, then
the principal amount of the Note shall increase by Fifteen Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars ($15,000) (under Holders and
Borrowers expectation that any principal amount increase will tack back to the Issue Date). If this Note is not paid at Maturity
Date, then the outstanding principal due under this Note shall increase by Fifteen Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars ($15,000).

The Holder shall have the right at any time after
an Event of Default occurs under this Note to require the Borrower, to immediately issue, in lieu of the Default Amount and/or Default
Sum, the number of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount and/or Default Sum divided by the Conversion Price
then in effect, pursuant to the terms of this Note (including but not limited to any beneficial ownership limitations contained herein).
This requirement by the Borrower shall automatically apply upon the occurrence of an Event of Default without the need for any party to
give any notice or take any other action.

If the Holder shall commence
an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, including, without limitation, engaging an attorney, then if the Holder
prevails in such action, the Holder shall be reimbursed by the Borrower for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

18

Article
IV. MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 Failure or Indulgence
Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise
thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of,
any rights or remedies otherwise available.

4.2 Notices. All notices,
demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise
specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, electronic
mail, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written
notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery
or delivery by electronic mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be
received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such
address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Borrower,
to:

Formation Minerals,
Inc.

PO Box 67

Jacksboro, Texas
76458

Attn: CEO

E-mail: scott@formationminerals.com

If to the Holder:

Alumni Capital Management,
LLC

80 SW 8th Street, 20th Floor

Miami, FL 33131

Attn: Operations

Email: operations@alumnicapital.com

4.3 Amendments. This
Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note
and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

4.4 Assignability. This
Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors
and assigns. Neither the Borrower nor the Holder shall assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor
(as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of its affiliates, as that
term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note
may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal
amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

19

4.5 Cost of Collection.
If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof reasonable costs of collection, including reasonable
attorneys fees.

4.6 Governing Law. This
Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts
of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be brought only
in the state courts located in the State of Delaware or federal courts located in the State of Delaware. The parties to this Note hereby
irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on
lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable
attorneys fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid
or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may
conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid
or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

4.7 Certain Amounts.
Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding principal amount (or the portion
thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower and the
Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine and the
amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate the Holder in part
for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion
of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that
such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment
without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock.

20

4.8 Purchase Agreement.
By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.

4.9 Notice of Corporate Events.
Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock unless and only to the extent
that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification of any meeting of the Borrowers
shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the event of any taking by the Borrower of
a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger, consolidation, reclassification or
recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or for the purpose of determining
shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any proposed sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder,
at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction
or event, whichever is earlier), of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right
or other event, and a brief statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent
known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially
simultaneously with the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9 including, but not limited to, name
changes, recapitalizations, etc. as soon as possible under law.

4.10 Usury. If it shall
be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable provision
shall automatically be revised to equal the maximum rate of interest or other amount deemed interest permitted under applicable law. The
Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not seek to claim or take advantage of any law that would prohibit
or forgive the Borrower from paying all or a portion of the principal or interest on this Note.

4.11 Remedies. The Borrower
acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose
of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of this
Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties
assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.
No provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Borrower, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal
of, and interest on, this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the form, herein prescribed.

4.12 Severability. In
the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision
shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or
rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision hereof.

21

4.13 Dispute Resolution.
In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount,
Default Sum, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the arithmetic calculation
of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder shall submit the disputed
determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile (i) within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving
rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned
of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation
within two (2) Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower
or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within two (2) Business Days, submit via facsimile (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion
Price, the closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the
Borrower and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment
amount or Default Amount, Default Sum to an independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the
Borrower. The Borrower shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations
and notify the Borrower and the Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives such disputed determinations
or calculations. Such investment banks or accountants determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent
demonstrable error.

4.14 Reserved.

[signature page follows]

22

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower
has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written.

FORMATION MINERALS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Scott A. Cox

Title: CEO 

Date: 3/5/2025

ALUMNI CAPITAL LP

By: ALUMNI CAPITAL GP LLC

By: 

Name: Ashkan Mapar

Title: Manager

Date: 

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

The undersigned hereby elects
to convert $_________________principal amount of the Note (defined below) together with $________________ of accrued and unpaid interest
thereto, totaling $_____________ into that number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant
to the conversion of the Note (Common Stock) as set forth below, of Formation Minerals, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Borrower), according to the conditions of the convertible note of the Borrower dated as of March 5, 2025 (the Note),
as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box Checked as to applicable
instructions:

The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock
issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal
At Custodian system (DWAC Transfer).

Name of DTC Broker:

Account Number:

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holders calculation
attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Name: [NAME]

Address: [ADDRESS]

Date of Conversion: _____________

Applicable Conversion Price: $____________

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Notes: ______________

Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining Under the Note after this conversion: ______________

Accrued and unpaid interest remaining: ______________

[HOLDER] 

By: ____________________________

Name: [NAME]

Title: [TITLE]

Date: [DATE]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>fomi-20250305.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fomi-20250305_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fomi-20250305_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41209

Entity Registrant Name FORMATION MINERALS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001885336

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-2406468

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One P.O. Box 67

Entity Address, City or Town Jacksboro

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 76458

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 217-4080

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://formationminerals.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0234178-8k_formation.htm 
fomi-20250305.xsd 
fomi-20250305_lab.xml 
fomi-20250305_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-023289-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0234178-8k_formation_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001885336 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001885336 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
FORMATION MINERALS, INC. 
NV 
001-41209 
87-2406468 
P.O. Box 67 
Jacksboro 
TX 
76458 
972 
217-4080 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>