<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-002723.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-002723.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326161255
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-002723
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250320
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HealthLynked Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001680139
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-OFFICES & CLINICS OF DOCTORS OF MEDICINE [8011]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				471634127
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55768
		FILM NUMBER:		25773313

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1265 CREEKSIDE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 302
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-928-7144

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1265 CREEKSIDE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 302
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34108
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0235615-8k_health.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000168013900016801392025-03-202025-03-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported): March 20, 2025

HealthLynked Corp.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in charter)

Nevada 000-55768 47-1634127

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1265 Creekside Parkway, Suite 302, NaplesFL34108

(Address of principal executive offices)

(800) 928-7144

(Registrants telephone
number, including area code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information under Item 3.02 below is incorporated by reference
into this Item 1.01.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information under Item 3.02 below is incorporated by reference
into this Item 2.03.

Item3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

On March 20, 2025, HealthLynked Corp., a Nevada
corporation (the Company) issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $420,000 (the
Note) to the Mary S. Dent Gifting Trust (the Purchaser). The Purchaser is controlled by the
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company, Dr. Michael Dent.

The Note was issued in exchange for undocumented
advances totaling $420,000 made by the trust between September and November 2024. The Note matures on September 20, 2025 (the Maturity
Date). Proceeds from the Note have been and will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The Note
accrues interest at a rate of 12% per annum. However, such rate shall increase to an annual rate of 18% per annum for so long as any Event
of Default (as defined in the Note) remains uncured.

The Note is convertible into shares of Company
common stock, par value $0.0001 (the Common Stock) at the option of the Purchaser prior to the Maturity Date. The
conversion price per share of Common Stock under each of the Notes is $0.0375.

On March 20, 2025, the Company and the Purchaser
also entered into a Notes Extension Agreement pursuant to which the maturity dates on twelve notes payable to the Purchaser with aggregate
principal totaling $1,216,500 (the Extended Notes) were extended until September 20, 2025 in exchange for a ten-year
warrant to purchase 1,353,356 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0375 per share (the Warrant). The
interest rate on the Extended Notes was also increased from 12% to 15% after March 20, 2025.

The Notes and the Warrant were issued to the Purchaser,
an accredited investor, in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
(the Securities Act) and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Company will rely on this exemption from registration
based in part on representations made by the Purchaser in the Purchase Agreement. The Notes and the Warrant, and any shares issuable upon
conversion of the Note and exercise of the Warrant, have not been registered under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws
and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration
requirements.

The foregoing description of the issuance and
sale of the Note and Warrant to the Purchaser is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Note,
the Notes Extension Agreement, and the Warrant, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, and 4.1, respectively.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Exhibit Title or Description

4.1 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated March 20, 2025

10.1 Convertible Promissory Note dated March 20, 2025

10.2 Notes Extension Agreement dated March 20, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

HEALTHLYNKED CORP.

Date: March 26, 2025 /s/ Jeremy Daniel

Jeremy Daniel

Chief Financial Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023561501ex4-1_health.htm
<DESCRIPTION>COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT DATED MARCH 20, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE
SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

HealthLynked Corp.

Warrant Shares: 1,353,356 Initial Exercise Date: March
20, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
(the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, The Mary Dent Gifting Trust or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5 PM New York City Time on March 20, 2035
(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from HealthLynked Corp., a Nevada corporation
(the Company), up to 1,353,356 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in
Section 1.00(b).

Section
1.00Exercise.

a)Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any
time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office
or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the
books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto and
within five (5) Trading Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company, the Company shall have received payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price of the shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
or, if available, pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 1.00(c) below. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company
until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise
is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal
to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business
Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of
the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall initially be $0.0375
subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)Cashless Exercise. If at any time after the six month anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date, there is no effective Registration
Statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may only
be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to
receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = the VWAP on
the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which Holder elects to exercise this Warrant by means of a cashless exercise,
as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3.00(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the
Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 2.00(c).

Trading
Day shall mean a day on which there is trading or quoting for any security on the Principal Market.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock
as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 1.00(c).

2

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. Warrant Shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the
Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified
by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is five (5) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise
(such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder
or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes,
as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted)
and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 1.00(d)(vi) prior to the issuance of such shares, having
been paid.

ii.Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request
of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the un-purchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. 
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to
Section 1.00(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

v.Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require,
as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay
all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another
established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vi.Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

3

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2.00 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by
the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to
which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise
of the remaining, non-exercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or
conversion of the unexercised or non-converted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other
Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.00(e),
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 1.003(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 1.003(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith.
To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 1.00(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable
(in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 1.003(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 1.00(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall
within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The
Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2.00(e), provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this
Section 1.00(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 1.00(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 2.00Certain
Adjustments.

a)Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 2.00(a) shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

4

b)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2.00(a) above, if at any time the Company
grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the
record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to
acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the
Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend
or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial
ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be
held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 2.00 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share,
as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 2.00, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of
a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

e)Notice to Holder.

i.Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 2.00, the
Company shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

5

ii.Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form)
on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the
Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice
stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants,
or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of
record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the
mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any
notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain
entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 3.00Transfer of Warrant.

a)Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 3.00(d)
hereof, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue
to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance
herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office
of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 3.00(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date and shall
be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

6

c)Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose
(the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant,
the transfer of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current
public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder
or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, make usual and customary representations as to investment intent to the Company

e)Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 4.00Miscellaneous.

a)No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other
rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 1.00(d)(i), except as expressly set forth
in Section 2.00.

b)Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day.

7

d)Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of California as they are applied to contracts executed, delivered and to be wholly
performed within the State of Florida.

f)Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered
and if the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

8

g)Non-waiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder
shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact
that all rights hereunder terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision
of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the either party to the
other shall be delivered in by recognized overnight courier, facsimile or email as follows:

If to the Investor: 

Email: mdent@healthlynked.com

If to the Company: HealthLynked Corp.

1265 Creekside Parkway Suite 302

Naples, FL 34108

Attn: Jeremy Daniel, CFO

Email: jdaniel@healthlynked.com

i)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the
Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

k)Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company
and the Holder.

l)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

m)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be
deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

[Signature Page to Follow.]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

HealthLynked Corp.

By: 

/s/ Jeremy Daniel 

Jeremy Daniel, CFO

10

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To:
HealthLynked Corp.

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2)Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money
of the United States; or

if permitted the
cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subSection 1.00(c), to exercise
this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in
subSection 1.00(c).

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ______________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: ________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________

Date: ___________________________________________________

11

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023561501ex10-1_health.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE DATED MARCH 20, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE, AND MAY BE OFFERED AND SOLD ONLY IF REGISTERED AND
QUALIFIED PURSUANT TO THE RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR EXEMPT FROM SUCH REGISTRATION AND QUALIFICATION
REQUIREMENTS.

HEALTHLYNKED CORP.

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

Original Principal Amount: $420,000 Issuance Date: March 20, 2025

1. Principal and Interest.

1.1 HealthLynked
Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company), for value received, hereby promises to pay to the order of the Mary
S. Dent Gifting Trust (the Holder) the amount of $420,000, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon,
in accordance with the terms of this Convertible Promissory Note (this Note), on or before September 20, 2025
(the Maturity Date). Interest shall accrue on the outstanding Original Principal Amount at an annual rate equal to
twelve percent (12%), which interest shall increase to an annual rate of eighteen percent (18%) for any portion of the Original Principal
Amount outstanding as of the Maturity Date (such interest, collectively, Default Interest). Interest shall be calculated
on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, to the extent permitted by applicable law. The principal amount
of this Note is comprised of advances made by the Holder to the Company during 2024 as follows:

Advance 

Amount 

Advance Date Outstanding 

09/24/24 $ 30,000.00 

09/30/24 $ 10,000.00 

10/01/24 $ 35,000.00 

10/08/24 $ 90,000.00 

10/15/24 $ 60,000.00 

10/21/24 $ 85,000.00 

11/06/24 $ 70,000.00 

11/13/24 $ 40,000.00 

$ 420,000.00 

1.2 The
Company agrees to pay all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by the Holder in any action brought
to enforce the terms of this Note. All payments in respect of this Note shall be in immediately available lawful money of the United States
of America. All payments in respect of this Note shall be made unconditionally in full without any deduction, set off, counterclaim or
other defense. If any scheduled payment date is not a business day such payment shall be made on the next succeeding business day. All
payments (including without limitation pursuant to Section 2, Section 3 or Section 4) shall (a) require the payment
of accrued interest on the principal amount being paid and (b) shall be applied first, to the payment all accrued but unpaid interest
in respect of principal amounts paid and second, to the remaining principal. Any amounts paid or repaid may not be reborrowed.

1.3 Upon
exchange or repayment in full of this Note as provided herein, this Note shall be terminated and surrendered to the Company for cancellation.

2. Prepayment.
This Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time upon fifteen (15) days prior written notice to the Holder.

3. Conversion.

3.1 Optional
Conversion of the Note. The Holder shall have the right, at any time following the Issuance Date and prior to the Maturity Date to
convert all or a portion of the Original Principal Amount of this Note and the accrued interest thereon into shares of common stock of
the Company (Common Stock), subject to adjustment as contemplated by Section 3.2, in an amount of shares of
Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the principal and interest being converted by (ii) the closing share price
on the Issuance Date of $0.0375 per share (the Conversion Price).

The
Holder shall provide written notice to the Company of its option to convert the Note into Common Stock, which notice shall be substantially
in the form of the Notice of Conversion attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion).

The Company shall not be required
to convert any Note pursuant to any optional conversion pursuant to this Section 3.1
nor shall any conversion pursuant to this Section 3.1 be effective, unless and until the Holder provides a duly and validly executed Notice
of Conversion to the Company, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

3.2 Adjustment
to the Conversion Price. In case (i) the outstanding shares of the Common Stock shall be subdivided into a greater number of shares,
(ii) a dividend or other distribution in Common Stock shall be paid in respect of Common Stock, (iii) the outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be combined into a smaller number of shares thereof, or (iv) any shares of the Companys capital stock are issued by
reclassification of the Common Stock (including any reclassification upon a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing
corporation), the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision, combination or reclassification or at the record date
of such dividend or distribution shall, simultaneously with the effectiveness of such subdivision, combination or reclassification or
immediately after the record date of such dividend or distribution, be proportionately adjusted to equal the product obtained by multiplying
the Conversion Price by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (on a fully diluted basis)
prior to such combination, subdivision, reclassification or dividend, and the denominator of which is that number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock (on a fully diluted basis) after giving effect to such combination, subdivision, reclassification or dividend.

In
the case of (i) any reclassification or change of the Common Stock, (ii) a consolidation, merger or combination involving the Company
or (iii) a sale or conveyance to another corporation of the property and assets of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety,
in each case as result of which holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive stock, other securities, or other property or assets
(including cash) with respect to or in exchange for such Common Stock, the Holder will be entitled thereafter to convert such securities
into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets which they would have owned or been entitled
to receive upon such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, combination, sale or conveyance had such securities been converted
into Common Stock immediately prior to such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, combination, sale or conveyance.

2

3.3 Effect
of Conversion. Upon the issuance of any Common Stock in accordance with this Section 5, such shares shall be deemed to be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

3.4 Notices
of Record Date. In the event (i) the Company fixes a record date to determine the holders of Common Stock who are entitled to receive
any dividend or other distribution, or (ii) there occurs any capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or recapitalization
of the Common Stock of the Company, any merger or consolidation of the Company, or any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the Company, the Company shall mail to the Holder at least ten (10) days prior to the record date specified therein,
a notice specifying (a) the date of such record date for the purpose of such dividend or distribution and a description of such dividend
or distribution, (b) the date on which any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, dissolution, liquidation or winding
up is expected to become effective, and (c) the time, if any, that is to be fixed, as to when the holders of record of Common Stock (or
other securities) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or other securities) for securities or other property deliverable
upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

3.5 Reservation
of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Note (taking into account the adjustments required by this Section 3),
such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of the outstanding; and if
at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all the Note,
in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to the Holder, the Company will, as soon as is reasonably practicable, take all
such action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purposes.

4. Change
of Control. In the event of a Change of Control, the outstanding principal amount of the Note, plus all accrued but unpaid interest,
if any, shall become due and payable immediately prior to the closing of such Change of Control. For the purposes of this Note, Change
of Control shall mean one or more related transactions of any of (a) an acquisition (whether by way of merger, share exchange,
consolidation, business combination or similar transaction) by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule
13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of
the Company, or by contract) of in excess of 50% of the voting securities of the Company, (b) the Company merges into or consolidates
with any other entity, or any entity merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders
of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity
of such transaction, or (c) the Company sells, leases, licenses, conveys, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all
of its assets to another entity.

3

5. Events
of Default

5.1 The
occurrence of any one or more of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: (a) the Company fails to pay
timely any of the principal amount of or any accrued interest or other amounts due under this Note on the date the same become due and
payable; (b) the Company or any subsidiary of the Company that is a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule
1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (such subsidiary, a Significant Subsidiary),
files any petition or action for relief under any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or moratorium law or any other law for the relief
of, or relating to, debtors, now or hereafter in effect, or makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors or takes any corporate action
in furtherance of any of the foregoing; (c) default by the Company or a Significant Subsidiary with respect to any mortgage, indenture,
agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness in
excess of $100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such Significant Subsidiary, whether
such indebtedness exists as of the date hereof or is thereafter created (i) constituting a failure to pay the principal or interest of
any such indebtedness when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) or (ii) constituting
a failure to perform or observe any condition, covenant or undertaking (or any other event shall occur or condition exists), if the effect
of such failure, event or condition is to cause, or permit the holder or holders of such indebtedness to cause, such indebtedness to be
declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity; (d) an involuntary petition is filed against the Company or a Significant Subsidiary
(unless such petition is dismissed or discharged within thirty (30) days) under any bankruptcy statute now or hereafter in effect, or
a custodian, receiver, trustee or assignee for the benefit of creditors (or other similar official) is appointed to take possession, custody
or control of any property of the Company or a Significant Subsidiary; I the Company breaches any covenant or undertaking under this Note
that is not cured within ten (10) business days; (f) any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Note shall have been false,
incorrect, in accurate, misleading or breached in any material respect; (g) one or more judgments, non-interlocutory orders, decrees or
arbitration awards shall entered against any one or more of the Company or a Significant Subsidiary involving in the aggregate a liability
of $100,000 or more (excluding amounts covered by independent third-party insurance to the extent the relevant insurer has not denied
coverage therefor), and the same shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated or unstayed pending appeal for a period of 30 days after entry therefor;
(h) the Note at any time ceases to be in full force and effect, or the Company shall so assert in writing or disavow any of its obligations
thereunder; or (i) the Company dissolves or terminates its business.

5.2 If
an Event of Default shall have occurred, Default Interest shall accrue on the outstanding amounts due hereunder until all such Events
of Defaults have been cured. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and shall be continuing, the Holder may at any time at its option
(a) declare the entire unpaid principal balance of this Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and any other amounts owing
hereunder, immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice, all of which are hereby expressly unconditionally
and irrevocably waived by the Company; provided, that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under clauses (b) or (d) of Section
5.1, the outstanding principal balance of this Note, together with accrued and unpaid interest and any other amounts owing hereunder,
shall immediately and automatically become due and payable, and/or (b) exercise or otherwise enforce any one or more of the Holders
rights, powers, privileges, remedies and interests under this Note. No remedy herein conferred upon the Holder is intended to be exclusive
of any other remedy, and each and every such remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every right other remedy now or hereafter
existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise.

6. Assignment.
This Note shall not be assignable by the Company without the prior written consent of the Holder and any such purported assignment shall
be null and void. Subject to the foregoing restrictions, the rights and obligations of the Company and the Holder shall be binding upon
and benefit the successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and transferees of the parties. Effective upon any such assignment, any party
to whom such rights, interests and obligations were assigned by the Holder or the Company, as applicable, shall have all of the Holders
or the Companys, as applicable, rights, interests and obligations hereunder as if such party were the original Holder or Company,
as applicable.

4

7. Amendments
and Waivers. Any term of this Note may be amended and the observance of any term of this Note may be waived (either generally or in
a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

8. Notices.
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been delivered upon: (i) receipt, when delivered personally, (ii) one (1) business day after deposit
with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same,
or (iii) receipt, when sent by electronic mail (provided that the electronic mail transmission is not returned in error or the sender
is not otherwise notified of any error in transmission). The addresses and email addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Borrower:

HealthLynked Corp.

1265 Creekside Parkway,
Suite 302

Naples, FL 34108

Attention:
Jeremy Daniel, CFO

Telephone:
513-373-0848

Email:
jdaniel@healthlynked.com

With a copy (that
will not constitute notice) to:

K&L Gates LLP

200 S. Biscayne
Blvd., Suite 3900

Miami, FL 33131

Attention:
Clayton E. Parker, Esq.

Telephone:
(305) 539-3306

E-mail: clayton.parker@klgates.com

If to the Holder:

Michael Dent

28861 Cavell Ter

Naples, FL 34119

Telephone:
239-331-1943

Email:
mdent@healthlynked.com

or at such other address and/or
electronic email address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to
each other party three (3) business days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by the recipient
of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (ii) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders computer containing
the time, date, recipients electronic mail address and the text of such electronic mail or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by electronic mail or receipt from a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

5

9. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. This Note shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Nevada. With
respect to any disputes arising out of or related to this Note, the parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts of the State of Nevada. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE HOLDER AND THE COMPANY HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR OTHERWISE RELATING TO THIS NOTE, THE OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER
OR THE HOLDERS CONDUCT IN RESPECT OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING.

10. Loss,
Theft or Destruction of Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft or destruction
of this Note, the Company shall issue and deliver, in lieu of this Note, a new Note which shall carry the same rights to interest carried
by this Note, stating that such new Note is issued in replacement of this Note, making reference to the original date of issuance of this
Note (and any successors hereto) and dated as of such cancellation.

11. Tax.
Any and all payments by the Company hereunder shall be made free and clear of and without deduction of any and all present or future taxes,
levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any governmental authority. The Company agrees to pay any present or future
stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies of any applicable governmental authority which
arise from any payment made hereunder.

12. Usury.
This Note is hereby expressly limited so that in no event whatsoever shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to the Holder hereunder
exceed that permissible under applicable law. If at any time the performance of any provision of this Note involves a payment exceeding
the limit that may be validly charged under applicable law, then the obligation to be performed shall be automatically reduced to such
limit.

13. Issue
Date. The provisions of this Note shall be construed and shall be given effect in all respects as if this Note had been issued and
delivered by the Company on the earlier of the date hereof or the date of issuance of any Note for which this Note is issued in replacement.

14. Titles
and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used herein are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting
this Note.

15. Delays.
No delay by the Holder in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any power or right.

16. Severability;
Execution in Counterparts. If any provision of this Note is held to be illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, such provision
shall be excluded from this Note and the balance of this Note shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and shall be
enforceable in accordance with its terms. This Note may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed and delivered
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

[remainder of this page intentionally
left blank]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company has caused this Note to be issued as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

HEALTHLYNKED CORP.

By /s/ Jeremy Daniel

Name: Jeremy Daniel

Title: CFO

Address: 1265 Creekside Parkway, Suite 302

Naples, FL 34108

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:

HOLDER: Dr. Michael Dent, Trustee

Print Name of Holder

By /s/ Michael Dent

Signature

HEALTHLYNKED
CORP.

Convertible
Promissory Note

Signature
Page

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

(To be executed by the Holder in order to convert
this Note)

To:

HealthLynked Corp.

1265 Creekside Parkway, Suite 302

Naples, FL 34108

E-mail: []

Attention: []

The undersigned hereby
irrevocably elects to convert $of
the outstanding principal and/or accrued interest of the above Note into shares of Common Stock of HealthLynked Corp., according to
the conditions stated therein, as of the Conversion Date written below.

Conversion Date: 

Signature:_________________________ 

Name: 

Address: 

Amount to be converted: $ 

Amount of Note unconverted: $ 

Qualified Financing Conversion Price per share: $ 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 

Please issue the shares of Common Stock in the following name and to the following address: 

Issue to: 

Authorized Signature: 

Name: 

Title: 

Phone Number:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023561501ex10-2_health.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NOTES EXTENSION AGREEMENT DATED MARCH 20, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

NOTES EXTENSION AGREEMENT

This Notes Extension Agreement (the Agreement)
is entered into as of March 20, 2025 by and between the Mary S. Dent Gifting Trust (the Holder) and
HealthLynked Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, during 2024, the Company issued
to Holder the following unsecured promissory notes (collectively, the Notes):

Note Scheduled 

Note Type Date Maturity Principal 

Note Payable 03/27/24 02/28/25 $ 150,000.00 

Convertible Note 03/27/24 02/28/25 $ 166,500.00 

Convertible Note 09/19/24 01/10/25 $ 36,842.11 

Convertible Note 09/19/24 01/16/25 $ 10,526.32 

Convertible Note 09/19/24 01/16/25 $ 73,684.21 

Convertible Note 09/19/24 01/19/25 $ 21,052.63 

Convertible Note 09/19/24 01/30/25 $ 105,263.16 

Convertible Note 09/19/24 02/14/25 $ 126,315.79 

Convertible Note 09/19/24 02/20/25 $ 105,263.16 

Convertible Note 09/19/24 02/28/25 $ 52,631.58 

Convertible Note 09/19/24 03/04/25 $ 157,894.74 

Convertible Note 09/19/24 03/10/25 $ 210,526.32 

Total $ 1,216,500.02 

WHEREAS, the Company and Holder wish to
amend certain terms and conditions of the Notes as described below.

AGREEMENT

NOW THEREFORE, the Holder and the Company
hereby agree as follows:

1. The scheduled Maturity Date (as defined in each of the Notes
and shown in the table above) of each of the Notes is hereby changed to September 20, 2025; and

2. Interest on any unpaid Original Principal Amount (as defined
in the Notes) shall accrue at an annual rate equal to twelve percent (12%) through the date of this Agreement, at a rate of fifteen percent
(15%) from the date of this Agreement and through September 18, 2025, and at a rate of eighteen percent (18%) for any portion of the
Original Principal Amount unpaid after September 18, 2025; and

3. As consideration for this Agreement, the Company agrees to
issue to Holder a ten-year warrant to purchase 1,353,356 shares of the Companys common stock at an exercise price of $0.0375 per
share, equal to the closing market price on the date prior to this Agreement; and

4. All other terms and conditions of Notes shall remain unchanged;
and

5. The Holder hereby waives any default under the Notes now occurring
or that has occurred, and the Company and Holder acknowledge that the Notes are not in default as of or through the date hereof.

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the undersigned have executed this agreement as
of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY: HOLDER:

HEALTHLYNKED CORP. THE MARY DENT GIFTING TRUST

By: /s/ Jeremy Daniel By: /s/ Michael Dent

Name: Jeremy Daniel Name: Michael Dent

Title: Chief Financial Officer Title: Trustee
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>hlyk-20250320_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>hlyk-20250320_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>hlyk-20250320.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 000-55768

Entity Registrant Name HealthLynked Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001680139

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-1634127

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 1265 Creekside Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 302

Entity Address, City or Town Naples

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 34108

City Area Code 800

Local Phone Number 928-7144

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://healthlynked.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0235615-8k_health.htm 
hlyk-20250320.xsd 
hlyk-20250320_lab.xml 
hlyk-20250320_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-002723-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0235615-8k_health_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001680139 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001680139 
8-K 
2025-03-20 
HealthLynked Corp. 
NV 
000-55768 
47-1634127 
1265 Creekside Parkway 
Suite 302 
Naples 
FL 
34108 
800 
928-7144 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>