<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-079138.txt : 20250411
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-079138.hdr.sgml : 20250411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250411163015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-079138
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYNOPSYS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000883241
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				561546236
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19807
		FILM NUMBER:		25832456

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		675 ALMANOR AVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94085
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6505845000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		675 ALMANOR AVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94085
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d836619d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

SYNOPSYS INCfalse000088324100008832412025-04-102025-04-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): April 10, 2025

SYNOPSYS, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 000-19807 56-1546236

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

675 Almanor Avenue

Sunnyvale, California94085

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (650)584-5000

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock (par value of $0.01 per share) SNPS Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

(e) Amendment of 2006 Employee Equity Incentive Plan, as amended; Amendment of Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended

At the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting) of Synopsys, Inc. (Synopsys) held on April 10, 2025, Synopsys stockholders approved Synopsys 2006 Employee Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the Amended Employee Equity Plan), in order to, among other things, (i) increase the number of shares of common stock, par value of $0.01 per share, available for issuance under the plan by 1,600,000 shares, (ii) conform the plan to Synopsys non-GAAP financial measures practices and compensation recovery policy, as currently effective, and (iii) remove certain references to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code that are no longer applicable. Synopsys Board of Directors (the Board) and the Compensation and Organizational Development Committee (the Compensation Committee) of the Board previously approved the Amended Employee Equity Plan, subject to such stockholder approval. Synopsys executive officers are eligible to participate in the Amended Employee Equity Plan. 

At the Annual Meeting, Synopsys stockholders also approved Synopsys Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (the Amended ESPP), in order to, among other things, (i) increase the number of shares of common stock, par value of $0.01 per share, available for issuance under the plan by 2,200,000 shares, (ii) replace the definition of change of ownership with the corresponding definition in the Amended Employee Equity Plan, and (iii) allow flexibility under the plan to reduce the 15% discount in an offering. The Board and the Compensation Committee previously approved the Amended ESPP, subject to such stockholder approval. Synopsys executive officers are eligible to participate in the Amended ESPP. 

Summaries of the Amended Employee Equity Plan and the Amended ESPP are set forth in Proposal 2 and Proposal 3, respectively, to Synopsys definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2025 (the Proxy Statement), which is incorporated by reference herein. The above summaries and descriptions of the Amended Employee Equity Plan and Amended ESPP do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Amended Employee Equity Plan and Amended ESPP, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are each incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.07 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. 

(a)(b) Annual Meeting Results

As described in Item 5.02(e) above, Synopsys held its Annual Meeting on April 10, 2025. As of the record date of February 10, 2025, 154,619,236 shares of Synopsys common stock were outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. A total of 138,594,429 shares of Synopsys common stock, constituting a quorum, were represented in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting. 

Synopsys stockholders voted on six proposals at the Annual Meeting. The proposals are further described in the Proxy Statement. The final results of the votes regarding each proposal are set forth below. 

Proposal 1: Synopsys stockholders elected nine directors to the Board, to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are elected. The voting results regarding this proposal are set forth below:

For Against Abstain Broker Non-Votes

Aart J. de Geus 122,487,894 3,390,761 288,701 12,427,073

John G. Schwarz 120,762,717 4,524,631 880,008 12,427,073

Sassine Ghazi 124,554,197 1,107,418 505,741 12,427,073

Luis Borgen 125,409,431 538,535 219,390 12,427,073

Janice D. Chaffin 110,785,185 15,178,636 203,535 12,427,073

Bruce R. Chizen 108,151,668 17,161,299 854,389 12,427,073

Mercedes Johnson 125,055,288 924,564 187,504 12,427,073

Robert G. Painter 121,490,829 4,454,771 221,756 12,427,073

Jeannine P. Sargent 123,578,200 2,321,894 267,262 12,427,073

Proposal 2: As described in Item 5.02(e) above, Synopsys stockholders approved the Amended Employee Equity Plan. The Amended Employee Equity Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The voting results regarding this proposal are set forth below: 

For: 120,240,276 

Against: 5,705,104 

Abstain: 221,976 

Broker Non-Votes: 12,427,073 

Proposal 3: As described in Item 5.02(e) above, Synopsys stockholders approved the Amended ESPP. The Amended ESPP is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The voting results regarding this proposal are set forth below: 

For: 125,552,814 

Against: 450,105 

Abstain: 164,437 

Broker Non-Votes: 12,427,073 

Proposal 4: Synopsys stockholders approved, on an advisory basis, the compensation of Synopsys named executive officers as disclosed in the Proxy Statement. The voting results regarding this proposal are set forth below: 

For: 113,853,659 

Against: 11,142,380 

Abstain: 1,171,317 

Broker Non-Votes: 12,427,073 

Proposal 5: Synopsys stockholders ratified the selection of KPMG LLP as Synopsys independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending October 31, 2025. The voting results regarding this proposal are set forth below: 

For: 128,350,896 

Against: 10,032,935 

Abstain: 210,598 

Broker Non-Votes: 0 

Proposal 6: Synopsys stockholders did not approve the stockholder proposal regarding shareholder ratification of golden parachutes. The voting results regarding this proposal are set forth below: 

For: 48,395,048 

Against: 77,546,830 

Abstain: 225,478 

Broker Non-Votes: 12,427,073 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 2006 Employee Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 

10.2 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 

SYNOPSYS, INC.

Dated: April 11, 2025 By: 

/S/ JOHN F. RUNKEL, JR.

John F. Runkel, Jr.

General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d836619dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

EXHIBIT 10.1 

SYNOPSYS, INC. 

2006
EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: MARCH 3, 2006 

APPROVED BY THE STOCKHOLDERS: APRIL 25, 2006 

AS AMENDED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: JANUARY 24, 2025 

AMENDMENT APPROVED BY THE STOCKHOLDERS: APRIL 10, 2025 

1. GENERAL. 

(a) Eligible Award
Recipients. The persons eligible to receive Awards are Employees and Consultants. Non-Employee Directors are not eligible to receive Awards under this Plan. 

(b) Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the following Stock Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options,
(ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (iii) Restricted Stock Awards, (iv) Restricted Stock Unit Awards, (v) Stock Appreciation Rights, (vi) Performance Stock Awards, and (vii) Other Stock Awards. The Plan also provides for
the grant of Performance Cash Awards. 

(c) Purpose. The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to secure and retain the services of
the group of persons eligible to receive Stock Awards as set forth in Section 1(a), to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and to provide a means by which such eligible
recipients may be given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of Stock Awards. 

2. DEFINITIONS.

As used in the Plan, the following definitions shall apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: 

(a) Affiliate means (i) any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending
with the Company, provided each corporation in the unbroken chain (other than the Company) owns, at the time of the determination, stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of
the other corporations in such chain, and (ii) any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, provided each corporation (other than the last corporation) in the unbroken chain owns, at
the time of the determination, stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. The Board shall have the authority to determine (i) the time
or times at which the ownership tests are applied, and (ii) whether Affiliate includes entities other than corporations within the foregoing definition. 

(b) Award means a Stock Award or a Performance Cash Award. 

(c) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(d) Capitalization Adjustment has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 9(a). 

(e) Cause means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following: (i) the Participant
commits an act of dishonesty in connection with the Participants responsibilities as an Employee or Consultant; (ii) the Participant commits a felony or any act of moral turpitude; (iii) the Participant commits any willful or grossly
negligent act that constitutes gross misconduct and/or injures, or is reasonably likely to injure, the Company or any Affiliate; or (iv) the Participant willfully and materially violates (A) any written policies or procedures of the
Company or any Affiliate, or (B) the Participants obligations to the Company or any Affiliate. The determination that a termination is for Cause shall be made by the Company in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that
the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant shall have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant
for any other purpose. 

(f) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of
related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 

(i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of
securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person from the Company in a transaction or series of
related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities or (B) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject
Person) exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a
Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities
that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control shall be deemed
to occur; 

(ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly)
the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities
representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined outstanding voting power of
the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction;

(iii) the stockholders of the Company approve or the Board approves a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation of the
Company, or a complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company shall otherwise occur; 

(iv) there is consummated a sale,
lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets
of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the
outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition; or 

(v)
individuals who, on the date this Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided, however, that if
the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Plan, be
considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 

For avoidance of doubt, the term Change in Control shall not include a sale of assets, merger or other
transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Company
determines that any of the payments or benefits under this Plan that are payable in connection with a Change in Control constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A that may only be paid on a transaction that meets the standard of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(a)(5), the foregoing definition of Change in Control shall apply only to the extent the transaction also meets the definition used for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(a)(5), that is, as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5).

(g) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(h) Committee means a committee of one (1) or more members of
the Board to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 3(c). 

(i) CommonStock means the common stock of the Company. 

(j) Company means Synopsys, Inc., a
Delaware corporation. 

(k) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the
Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a
Director, or payment of a fee for such service, shall not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. 

(l) Continuous Service means that the Participants service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an
Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. For example, a change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate from a Consultant to Employee or vice versa shall not terminate a
Participants Continuous Service. Furthermore, a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participants service with the Company or an Affiliate,
shall not terminate a Participants Continuous Service. However, if the corporation for which a Participant is rendering service ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, such Participants
Continuous Service shall be considered to have terminated on the date such corporation ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. A leave of absence shall be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award to such extent as may be provided
in the Companys leave of absence policy or in the written terms of the Participants leave of absence. 

(m)
Corporate Transaction means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 

(i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the
consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 

(ii) a sale or other disposition of at least ninety percent (90%)
of the outstanding securities of the Company; 

(iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction
following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or 

(iv) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or
similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger,
consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Company determines that any of the payments or benefits under this Plan
that are payable in connection with a Corporate Transaction constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A that may only be paid on a transaction that meets the standard of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-3(a)(5), the foregoing definition of Corporate Transaction shall apply only to the extent the transaction also meets the definition used for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(a)(5), that is, as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5).

(n) Director means a member of the Board. 

(o) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial
gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, as
provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and shall be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 

(p) Effective Date means April 25, 2006, the first date that
the Companys stockholders approved the Plan at the 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

(q) Employee means
any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, shall not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 

(r) Entity means a corporation, partnership or other entity. 

(s) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(t) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of
Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person shall not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities,
(iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning
of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the effective date of the Plan as set forth in Section 12, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the
combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities. 

(u) Fair Market Value means for
purposes of Sections 3(f), 5(b), 5(c), 6(b), 6(c), 6(d)(iv), 7(c)(ii), 7(c)(iii) and 8(d), as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows: 

(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any market system, the Fair Market Value of a
share of Common Stock shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the
date in question, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Board deems reliable. Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price (or closing bid if no sales were reported) for the Common Stock on
the date in question, then the Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price (or closing bid if no sales were reported) on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 

(ii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Board in a manner
that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 

(v) Incentive Stock Option means an Option which qualifies
as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(w)
Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or
indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act (Regulation S-K)), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be
required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation
S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3.

(x) Nonstatutory Stock Option means an Option which does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 

(y) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(z) Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a
Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. 

(aa) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the
Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(bb) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other
person who holds an outstanding Option. 

(cc) Other Stock Award means an award based in whole or in part by
reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 7(e). 

(dd) Other Stock
Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Stock Award grant. Each Other Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan. 

(ee) Outside Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee of
the Company or an affiliated corporation (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code), is not a former employee of the Company or an affiliated corporation who receives
compensation for prior services (other than benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan) during the taxable year, has not been an officer of the Company or an affiliated corporation, and does
not receive remuneration from the Company or an affiliated corporation, either directly or indirectly, in any capacity other than as a Director, or (ii) is otherwise considered an outside director for purposes of
Section 162(m) of the Code. 

(ff) Own, Owned, Owner,
Ownership A person or Entity shall be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or
indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 

(gg) Participant means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person
who holds an outstanding Award. 

(hh) Performance Cash Award means an award of cash granted pursuant to the terms
and conditions of Section 7(d)(ii). 

(ii) Performance Criteria means one or more criteria that the Board
shall select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that shall be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following: (i) earnings
per share; (ii) earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation; (iii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA); (iv) net earnings; (v) return on equity; (vi) return on assets, investment, or
capital employed; (vii) operating margin and Non-GAAP operating margin; (viii) gross margin; (ix) operating income; (x) net income (before or after taxes); (xi) net operating income;
(xii) net operating income after tax; (xiii) pre- and after-tax income; (xiv) pre-tax profit; (xv) operating
cash flow; (xvi) orders (including backlog) and revenue; (xvii) orders quality metrics; (xviii) increases in revenue or product revenue; (xix) expenses and cost reduction goals; (xx) improvement in or attainment of expense
levels; (xxi) improvement in or attainment of working capital levels; (xxii) market share; (xxiii) cash flow; (xxiv) cash flow per share; (xxv) share price performance; (xxvi) debt reduction; (xxvii) implementation
or completion of projects or processes; (xxviii) customer satisfaction; (xxix) stockholders equity; (xxx) quality measures; (xxxi) Non-GAAP net income; (xxxii) environmental,
social and governance goals and metrics; (xxxiii) human capital management goals and metrics (including but not limited to diversity, equity and inclusion, employee turnover, retention, development and engagement, and leadership goals and
metrics); and (xxxiv) any other measures of performance selected by the Board. Unless the Board provides otherwise, Non-GAAP measure means the closest GAAP measure excluding (1) the amortization of
acquired intangible assets; (2) the impact of stock-based compensation expense; (3) acquisition and/or divestiture related items; (4) other non-recurring significant items, such as restructuring
charges; (5) gains and losses on the sale of strategic investments; (6) deferred compensation; and (7) the income tax effect of non-GAAPpre-tax
adjustments from the provision for income taxes, based upon a normalized annual projected non-GAAP tax rate. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to
the degree of achievement as specified in the Stock Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award. The Board shall, in its sole discretion, define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such
Performance Period. 

(jj) Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period, the one or
more goals established by the Board for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. Performance Goals may be set on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in
either absolute terms or relative to internally generated business plans, approved by the Board, the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices. The Board is authorized to make adjustments in
the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows: (i) to exclude restructuring and/or other nonrecurring charges (including but not limited to the effect of tax or legal settlements);
(ii) to exclude exchange rate effects, as applicable, for non-U.S. dollar denominated net sales and operating earnings; (iii) to exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting
standards required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board; (iv) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates; (v) to exclude stock-based compensation expense determined under generally accepted accounting
principles; (vi) to exclude any other unusual or infrequently occurring item; (vii) to respond to, or in anticipation of, any unusual or infrequently occurring corporate item, transaction, event or development; (viii) to respond to,
or in anticipation of, changes in applicable laws, regulations, accounting principles, or business conditions; (ix) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures; (x) to assume that any business divested by the Company
achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance Period following such divestiture; (xi) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company by reason of any stock
dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common
shareholders other than regular cash dividends; (xii) to reflect a corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, separation (including a spinoff or other distribution of stock or property by a corporation), or reorganization (whether
or not such reorganization comes within the definition of such term in Section 368 of the Code); (xiii) to reflect any partial or complete corporate liquidation; (xiv) to exclude the effect of
in-process research and development expenses; (xv) to exclude the income tax effect of non-GAAPpre-tax adjustments from the
provision for income taxes; and (xvi) pursuant to such other objective and non-discretionary adjustments adopted by the Committee at the time the award is approved. The Board also retains the discretion
to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals. 

(kk) Performance
Period means the one or more periods of time, which may be of varying and overlapping durations, as the Committee may select, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a
Participants right to and the payment of a Performance Stock Award or a Performance Cash Award. 

(ll) Performance Stock
Award means either a Restricted Stock Award or a Restricted Stock Unit Award granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 7(d)(i). 

(mm) Plan means this Synopsys, Inc. 2006 Employee Equity Incentive Plan. 

(nn) Restricted Stock Award means an award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and
conditions of Section 7(a). 

(oo) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the
Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(pp) Restricted Stock Unit Award means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the
terms and conditions of Section 7(b). 

(qq) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement means a written
agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the
Plan. 

(rr) Rule 16b-3 means Rule
16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 

(ss) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(tt) Stock Appreciation Right means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to
the terms and conditions of Section 7(c). 

(uu) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement means a written agreement
between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Appreciation Right grant. Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(vv) Stock Award means any right granted under the Plan, including an Option, a Stock Appreciation Right, a
Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Performance Stock Award, or an Other Stock Award. 

(ww) Stock Award
Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(xx) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than fifty percent (50%)
of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have
voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or
participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than fifty percent (50%). 

(yy) Ten Percent
Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any
Affiliate. 

3. ADMINISTRATION. 

(a)
Administration by Board. The Board shall administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a Committee, as provided in Section 3(c). 

(b) Powers of Board. The Board shall have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: 

(i) To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations
for administration of the Plan and Awards. The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Stock Award Agreement or in the written terms of a Performance Cash Award, in a manner and
to the extent it shall deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan fully effective. 

(ii) To determine from time to time
(1) which of the persons eligible under the Plan shall be granted Awards; (2) when and how each Award shall be granted; (3) what type or combination of types of Award shall be granted; (4) the provisions of each Award granted
(which need not be identical), including the time or times when a person shall be permitted to receive cash or Common Stock pursuant to an Award; and (5) the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which a Stock Award shall be granted
to each such person. 

(iii) To accelerate the time at which an Award may be exercised or the time
during which an Award or any part thereof will vest in accordance with the Plan, notwithstanding the provisions in the Award stating the time at which it may be exercised or the time during which it will vest. 

(iv) To approve forms of award agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more outstanding Awards.

(v) To amend the Plan or an Award as provided in Section 10. Subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any,
the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Awards without the affected Participants consent if necessary to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option, to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the
Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code or to comply with other applicable laws. 

(vi) To terminate or
suspend the Plan as provided in Section 11. 

(vii) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the
Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan. 

(viii) To adopt such rules, procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to
permit and facilitate participation in the Plan by, or take advantage of specific tax treatment for Awards granted to, individuals who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary
for immaterial modifications to any Stock Award Agreement made to ensure or facilitate compliance with the laws or regulations of the relevant foreign jurisdiction). 

(c) Delegation To Committee.

(i) General. The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If
administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee shall have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a
subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board shall thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the
provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board or the Committee (as applicable). The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time,
re-vest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. 

(ii) Rule 16b-3 Compliance. In the sole discretion of the Board, the Committee may consist solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, in accordance with Rule 16b-3. In addition, subject to applicable law, the Board or the Committee, in its sole discretion, may delegate to a committee of one or more members of the Board the authority to grant Awards to eligible persons
who are not then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

(d) Delegation to an Officer. The Board may delegate to one or
more Officers of the Company the authority to do one or both of the following (i) designate Employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to be recipients of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights and, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, other Stock Awards and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the terms thereof, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Stock Awards granted to such Employees; provided, however, that the
Board resolutions regarding such delegation shall specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Options granted by such Officer. Any such Stock Awards granted by Officers will be granted on the form of Stock Award
Agreement most recently approved for use by the Committee or the Board, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3(d), the Board may not delegate
to an Officer authority to determine the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock pursuant to Section 2(u)(ii) above. 

(e) Effect of Boards Decision. All determinations, interpretations and
constructions made by the Board in good faith shall not be subject to review by any person and shall be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 

(f) Repricing; Cancellation and Re-Grant of Stock Awards. Neither the Board nor any Committee
shall have the authority to: (i) reprice any outstanding Stock Awards under the Plan, (ii) provide for the exchange of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right for cash when the exercise price or strike price of such Option or Stock
Appreciation Right, respectively, is greater than or equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock or (iii) cancel and re-grant any outstanding Stock Awards under the Plan in a manner that
would constitute a repricing of such Stock Awards under applicable accounting rules, in each case unless the stockholders of the Company have approved such an action within twelve (12) months prior to such an event; provided, however,
that this provision shall not prevent cancellations of Stock Awards upon expiration or termination of such Stock Awards and the return of the underlying shares of Common Stock to the Plan for future issuance pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof.

4. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN. 

(a)
Share Reserve. Subject to the provisions of Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards granted under this Plan shall not exceed One Hundred
Fourteen Million Two Hundred Ninety-Seven Thousand Two Hundred Forty-Eight (114,297,248) shares of Common Stock in the aggregate. Subject to Section 4(b), the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan shall be reduced by:
(i) one (1) share for each share of stock issued pursuant to (A) an Option granted under Section 6, or (B) a Stock Appreciation Right granted under Section 7(c), and (ii) (A) one and
thirty-six hundredths (1.36) shares for each share of Common Stock issued prior to February 27, 2009 pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Other Stock Award granted under
Section 7, (B) two and eighteen hundredths (2.18) shares for each share of Common Stock issued on or after February 27, 2009 pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Other Stock Award granted under
Section 7, (C) one and twenty-five hundredths (1.25) shares for each share of Common Stock issued on or after March 24, 2011 pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Other Stock Award granted under
Section 7, (D) one and five tenths (1.50) shares for each share of Common Stock issued on or after April 3, 2012 pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Other Stock Award granted under Section 7, (E) one
and six tenths (1.60) shares for each share of Common Stock issued on or after April 2, 2015 pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Other Stock Award granted under Section 7, and (F) one and seven tenths
(1.70) shares for each share of Common Stock issued on or after March 29, 2016 pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, or Other Stock Award granted under Section 7. Shares may be issued in connection with a
merger or acquisition as permitted by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c) or, if applicable, NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, or other applicable rule, and such issuance shall not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the
Plan. 

(b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve.

(i) Shares Available For Subsequent Issuance. If any (i) Stock Award shall for any reason expire or otherwise
terminate, in whole or in part, without having been exercised in full, (ii) shares of Common Stock issued to a Participant pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company at their original exercise or purchase price (if
any) pursuant to the Companys reacquisition or repurchase rights under the Plan, including any forfeiture or repurchase caused by the failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of such shares, or (iii) Stock Award
is settled in cash, then the shares of Common Stock not issued under such Stock Award, or forfeited to or repurchased by the Company, shall revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. To the extent there is issued a share of
Common Stock pursuant to a Stock Award that counted as either (A) one and thirty-six hundredths (1.36) shares, (B) two and eighteen hundredths (2.18) shares, (C) one and twenty-five hundredths
(1.25) shares, (D) one and five tenths (1.50) shares, (E) one and six tenths (1.60) shares, or (F) one and seven tenths (1.70) shares, as applicable, against the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to
Section 4(a) and such share of Common Stock again becomes available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to this Section 4(b)(i) on or after March 29, 2016, then the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the
Plan shall increase by one and seven tenths (1.70) shares (regardless of when such share was issued). 

(ii) Shares Not Available for Subsequent Issuance. If any shares
subject to a Stock Award are not delivered to a Participant because the Stock Award is exercised through a reduction of shares subject to the Stock Award (i.e., net exercised) or an appreciation distribution in respect of a Stock
Appreciation Right is paid in shares of Common Stock, the number of shares subject to the Stock Award that are not delivered to the Participant shall be deemed issued and then immediately reacquired by the Company, and therefore shall
not remain available for subsequent issuance under the Plan. If any shares subject to a Stock Award are not delivered to a Participant because such shares are withheld in satisfaction of the withholding of taxes incurred in connection
with the exercise of, or the issuance of shares under, a Stock Award, the number of shares that are not delivered to the Participant shall be deemed issued and then immediately reacquired by the Company, and therefore shall not remain
available for subsequent issuance under the Plan. If the exercise price or purchase price of any Stock Award, or any tax withholding obligations in connection with any Stock Award, are satisfied by tendering shares of Common Stock held by the
Participant (either by actual delivery or attestation), then the number of shares so tendered shall not become available for subsequent issuance under the Plan. 

(c) Incentive Stock Option Limit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4, subject to the provisions of
Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options shall be the number of shares of Common Stock set forth in
Section 4(a) above. 

(d) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan shall be shares of authorized but unissued or
reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 

5. ELIGIBILITY. 

(a) Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. Stock Awards other than Incentive
Stock Options may be granted to Employees and Consultants; provided, however, that Nonstatutory Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may not be granted to Employees and Consultants who are providing Continuous Services only to any
parent of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act, unless such Stock Awards comply with (or are exempt from) Section 409A of the Code or unless the stock underlying such Stock Awards is
otherwise determined to be service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code. Stock Awards under this Plan may not be granted to Non-Employee Directors. 

(b) Ten Percent Stockholders. An Employee who is also a Ten Percent Stockholder shall not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless
the exercise price of such Option is at least one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of grant and the Option has a term of no more than five (5) years from the date of grant and is not
exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years from the date of grant. 

(c) Limitation on Annual Awards. Subject to the
provisions of Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, no Employee shall be eligible to be granted Stock Awards whose value is determined by reference to an increase over an exercise or strike price of at least one hundred percent
(100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date the Stock Award is granted covering more than one million (1,000,000) shares of Common Stock during any calendar year. For limitations on the annual award size of Performance Stock
Awards and Performance Cash Awards, see Section 7(d) below. 

6. OPTION PROVISIONS. 

Each Option shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate. All Options shall be
separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates shall be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type
of Option. The provisions of separate Options need not be identical; provided, however, that each Option Agreement shall include (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the Option or otherwise) the substance of each of the
following provisions: 

(a) Term. No Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of seven (7) years
from the date of grant, or such shorter period specified in the Option Agreement; provided, however, that an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 5(b). 

(b) Exercise Price of an Incentive Stock Option. Subject to the provisions of Section 5(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the
exercise price of each Incentive Stock Option shall be not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the date the Option is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Incentive Stock
Option may be granted with an exercise price lower than that set forth in the preceding sentence if such Option is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option in a manner consistent with the provisions of Sections 409A and
424(a) of the Code. 

(c) Exercise Price of a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The exercise price of each Nonstatutory Stock Option shall
be not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the date the Option is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Nonstatutory Stock Option may be granted with an exercise price lower
than that set forth in the preceding sentence if such Option is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option in a manner consistent with the provisions of Sections 409A and 424(a) of the Code. 

(d) Consideration. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option shall be paid, to the extent
permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board shall have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of
payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to utilize a particular method of payment. The methods of payment permitted by this Section 6(d) are: 

(i) by cash, check or electronic transfer of cash or cash equivalents; 

(ii) pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance
of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds; 

(iii) by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock; 

(iv) by a net exercise arrangement, if the option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, pursuant to which the Company
will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price; provided, however, the Company shall accept a cash or
other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued; provided, however, that shares of Common Stock will no
longer be outstanding under an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (x) shares are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (y) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of
such exercise, and (z) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; or 

(v) in any other form of legal
consideration that may be acceptable to the Board. 

(e) Transferability of Options. The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose
such limitations on the transferability of Options as the Board shall determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options shall apply: 

(i) Restrictions on Transfer. An Option shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Optionholder only by the Optionholder. 

(ii) Domestic Relations Orders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an
Option may be transferred pursuant to a domestic relations order; provided, however, that if an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. 

(iii) Beneficiary Designation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Optionholder may, by delivering written notice to the
Company, in a form provided by or otherwise satisfactory to the Company and any broker designated by the Company to effect Option exercises, designate a third party (excluding any third-party financial institution) who, in the event of the death of
the Optionholder, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option. In the absence of such a designation, the executor or administrator of the Optionholders estate shall be entitled to exercise the Option. However, the Company may prohibit
designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws. 

(f) Vesting of Options Generally. The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option may vest and therefore become
exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on performance or other criteria) as the
Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options may vary. The provisions of this Section 6(f) are subject to any Option provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option may be
exercised. 

(g) Termination of Continuous Service. In the event that an Optionholders Continuous Service terminates (other
than for Cause or upon the Optionholders death or Disability), the Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) but
only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three (3) months following the termination of the Optionholders Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Option Agreement), or
(ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Option Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Optionholder does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein or in the Option Agreement
(as applicable), the Option shall terminate. 

(h) Extension of Termination Date. An Optionholders Option Agreement may provide
that if the exercise of the Option following the termination of the Optionholders Continuous Service (other than upon the Optionholders death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common
Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of three (3) months after the termination of the Optionholders Continuous
Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Option Agreement) during which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such registration requirements, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in
the Option Agreement. 

(i) Disability of Optionholder. In the event that an Optionholders Continuous Service terminates as a
result of the Optionholders Disability, the Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period
of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date twelve (12) months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Option Agreement), or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option
as set forth in the Option Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Optionholder does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein or in the Option Agreement (as applicable), the Option shall terminate. 

(j) Death of Optionholder. In the event that (i) an Optionholders Continuous Service terminates as a result of the
Optionholders death, or (ii) the Optionholder dies within the period (if any) specified in the Option Agreement after the termination of the Optionholders Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the Option may be
exercised (to the extent the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by the Optionholders estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated
to exercise the option upon the Optionholders death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date twelve (12) months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Option
Agreement), or (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement. If, after the Optionholders death, the Option is not exercised within the time specified herein or in the Option Agreement (as
applicable), the Option shall terminate. 

(k) Termination for Cause. In the event that an Optionholders Continuous
Service is terminated for Cause, the Option shall terminate immediately and cease to remain outstanding and the Option shall cease to be exercisable with respect to any shares of Common Stock (whether vested or unvested) at the time of such
termination. 

7. PROVISIONS OF STOCK AWARDS OTHER THAN OPTIONS. 

(a) Restricted Stock Awards. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as
the Board shall deem appropriate. To the extent consistent with the Companys Bylaws, at the Boards election, shares of Common Stock may be (i) held in book entry form subject to the Companys instructions until any restrictions
relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (ii) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate shall be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from
time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical; provided, however, that each Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall include (through incorporation of the provisions hereof
by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 

(i)
Consideration. A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (i) past or future services rendered to the Company or an Affiliate, or (ii) any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in
its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 

(ii) Vesting. Shares of Common Stock awarded under a
Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. 

(iii) Termination of Participants Continuous Service. In the event a Participants Continuous Service
terminates, the Company may receive via a forfeiture condition or repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant which have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the
Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 

(iv) Transferability. Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the
Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board shall determine in its sole discretion, so long as Common Stock
awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remains subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement and provided that in no event may any Restricted Stock Award be transferred for consideration to a third-party financial
institution. 

(b) Restricted Stock Unit Awards. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall be in such form and shall contain
such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not
be identical; provided, however, that each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall include (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 

(i) Consideration. A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be awarded in consideration for (i) past or future services
rendered to the Company or an Affiliate, or (ii) any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 

(ii) Vesting. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or
conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 

(iii) Payment. A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the
delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 

(iv) Termination of Participants Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted
Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participants termination of Continuous Service. 

(c) Stock Appreciation Rights. Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement shall be in such form and shall contain such
terms and conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Right Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Stock Appreciation Right Agreements need not be
identical; provided, however, that each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement shall include (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 

(i) Term. No Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable after the expiration of seven (7) years from the date of
grant, or such shorter period specified in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. 

(ii) Strike Price. Each Stock
Appreciation Right will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. The strike price of each Stock Appreciation Right shall not be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock equivalents subject to the
Stock Appreciation Right on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted with a strike price lower than that set forth in the preceding sentence if such Stock Appreciation Right is granted pursuant to
an assumption or substitution for another stock appreciation right in a manner consistent with the provisions of Sections 409A and 424(a) of the Code. 

(iii) Calculation of Appreciation. The appreciation distribution
payable on the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (i) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right) of a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the number of share of Common Stock equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such Stock Appreciation Right, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the Stock Appreciation Right on such date, over
(ii) the strike price that is determined by the Board on the date of grant of the Stock Appreciation Right. 

(iv)
Vesting. At the time of the grant of a Stock Appreciation Right, the Board may impose such restrictions or conditions to the vesting of such Stock Appreciation Right as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 

(v) Exercise. To exercise any outstanding Stock Appreciation Right, the Participant must provide written notice of
exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such Stock Appreciation Right. 

(vi) Payment. The appreciation distribution in respect of a Stock Appreciation Right may be paid in Common Stock, in
cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and set forth in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such Stock Appreciation Right. 

(vii) Termination of Continuous Service. In the event that a Participants Continuous Service terminates (other
than for Cause or upon the Participants death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Stock Appreciation Right (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Stock Appreciation Right as of the date of
termination of Continuous Service) but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three (3) months following the termination of the Participants Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period
specified in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement), or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Stock Appreciation Right as set forth in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does
not exercise his or her Stock Appreciation Right within the time specified herein or in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement (as applicable), the Stock Appreciation Right shall terminate. 

(viii) Extension of Termination Date. A Participants Stock Appreciation Right Agreement may provide that if the
exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right following the termination of the Participants Continuous Service (other than upon the Participants death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of
Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Stock Appreciation Right shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of three (3) months after the termination of the
Participants Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement) during which the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right would not be in violation of such registration requirements, or
(ii) the expiration of the term of the Stock Appreciation Right as set forth in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. 

(ix) Disability of Participant. In the event that a Participants Continuous Service terminates as a result of the
Participants Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Stock Appreciation Right (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Stock Appreciation Right as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only
within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date twelve (12) months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement), or (ii) the
expiration of the term of the Stock Appreciation Right as set forth in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Stock Appreciation Right within the time
specified herein or in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement (as applicable), the Stock Appreciation Right shall terminate. 

(x) Death of Participant. In the event that (i) a Participants Continuous Service terminates as a result of
the Participants death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement after the termination of the Participants Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the
Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Stock Appreciation Right as of the date of death) by the Participants estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Stock
Appreciation Right by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Stock Appreciation Right upon the Participants death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date twelve (12) months
following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement), or (ii) the expiration of the term of such Stock Appreciation Right as set forth in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. If,
after the Participants death, the Stock Appreciation Right is not exercised within the time specified herein or in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement (as applicable), the Stock Appreciation Right shall terminate. 

(xi) Termination for Cause. In the event that a Participants
Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Stock Appreciation Right shall terminate immediately and cease to remain outstanding and the Stock Appreciation Right shall cease to be exercisable with respect to any shares of Common Stock (whether
vested or unvested) at the time of such termination. 

(d) Performance Awards.

(i) Performance Stock Awards. A Performance Stock Award is either a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit
Award that may be granted, may vest, or may be exercised based upon the attainment during a Performance Period of one or more Performance Goals. A Performance Stock Award may, but need not, require the completion of a specified period of Continuous
Service. The length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained shall be conclusively determined by the
Committee in its sole discretion. The maximum benefit to be granted to any Participant in any calendar year attributable to Performance Stock Awards described in this Section 7(d)(i) shall not exceed one million (1,000,000) shares of Common
Stock. 

(ii) Performance Cash Awards. A Performance Cash Award is a cash award that may be granted or paid upon the
attainment during a Performance Period of one or more Performance Goals. A Performance Cash Award may also require the completion of a specified period of Continuous Service. The length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved
during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained shall be conclusively determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. The maximum benefit to be granted to any Participant in
any calendar year attributable to Performance Cash Awards described in this Section 7(d)(ii) shall not exceed four million dollars ($4,000,000). 

(e) Other Stock Awards. Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock may
be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 6 and the preceding provisions of this Section 7. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board shall have sole and complete authority to determine the
persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of
such Other Stock Awards. No Other Stock Award may have a term in excess of seven (7) years from the date of grant. 

(f) Prohibition
on Loans. No Participant will be permitted to execute a promissory note as partial or full consideration for the purchase of Shares. 

8.
MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a) Use of Proceeds. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Awards shall constitute
general funds of the Company. 

(b) Stockholder Rights. No Participant shall be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the
rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to such Stock Award unless and until such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares under, the Stock Award pursuant to its terms and
the issuance of the Common Stock has been entered into the books and records of the Company. As determined by the Board, dividends and dividend equivalent rights may accrue with respect to Awards other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights
granted under this Plan, but no dividends or dividend equivalents shall be paid out or settled unless and until, and then only to the extent that, the applicable underlying Award vests. For the avoidance of doubt, neither Options nor Stock
Appreciation Rights granted under this Plan may provide for any dividends or dividend equivalents thereon. 

(c) No Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Stock Award
Agreement or other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award
was granted or shall affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such
Consultants agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the
Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. 

(d) Incentive Stock Option $100,000 Limitation. To the extent that the aggregate
Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates)
exceeds one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the
applicable Option Agreement(s). 

(e) Investment Assurances. The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or
acquiring Common Stock under any Stock Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participants knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/ or to employ a purchaser representative
reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that he or she is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the
Stock Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Stock Award for the Participants own account and not with any present intention of selling
or otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, shall be inoperative if (i) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the
Stock Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (ii) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met
in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with
applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock. 

(f) Securities Law
Compliance. The Company shall seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the
Stock Awards; provided, however, that this undertaking shall not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award. If, after
reasonable efforts, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company shall be
relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant shall not be eligible for the grant of a Stock Award or the subsequent issuance of
Common Stock pursuant to the Stock Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities laws. 

(g)
Withholding Obligations. Unless prohibited by the terms of a Stock Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation
relating to an Award by any of the following means (in addition to the Companys right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant by the Company) or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a
cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with a Stock Award; provided, however, that no shares of Common Stock are withheld
with a value exceeding the maximum statutory tax rate of the Participants applicable jurisdiction(s) (or such other rate as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii)
withholding cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award agreement. The Fair Market Value of any shares of
Common Stock to be withheld will be determined based on such methodology that the Company deems to be reasonable and in accordance with applicable law. 

(h) Electronic Delivery. Any reference herein to a written agreement or
document shall include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Companys intranet. 

(i) Deferrals. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common
Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be
made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent that Section 409A of the Code applies to such Participant. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still
an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Awards and determine when, and in what percentages, Participants may receive payments, including
lump-sum payments, following the Participants separation from service or other permitted distribution event, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and
in accordance with applicable law. 

(j) Compliance with Section 409A. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in
a Stock Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award, the Plan and Award agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from
Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A of the Code,
the agreement evidencing such Award shall incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance,
such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into such Award agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of the Companys Common Stock are
publicly traded and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or
payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six (6) months
following the date of such Participants separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Participants death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code,
and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six (6) month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. Each installment of an Award that vests under the Plan is intended to be a
separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2), unless otherwise expressly set forth in the written Award agreement. 

(k) Non-Exempt Employees. No Stock Award granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, shall be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six (6) months following the date of grant.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) in the event of the Participants death or Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Stock Award is not
assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participants retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participants Stock Award agreement or in another applicable agreement or in
accordance with the Companys then current employment policies and guidelines), any vested Stock Awards may be exercised earlier than six (6) months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any
income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of a Stock Award will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. 

(l) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes. The Company shall have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as
to the time or manner of exercising such Stock Award. Furthermore, the Company shall have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of a Stock Award or a possible period in which the Stock
Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of a Stock Award to the holder of such Stock Award. 

(m) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Stock Awards. Corporate action
constituting a grant by the Company of a Stock Award to any Participant shall be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing
the Stock Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms
(e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Stock Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Award agreement, the
corporate records will control. 

(n) Clawback/Recovery Policy. Awards granted under the Plan may be subject to clawback or
recoupment under any clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or the Committee or required by Applicable Law during the term of Participants employment or other service with the Company. In addition, the Committee may impose such
other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Committee determines necessary or appropriate. 

(o) Other
Policies. Each Award may be subject to the terms and conditions of any policy (and any amendments thereto) adopted by the Company from time to time, which may include any policy related to the vesting or transfer of Awards, provided that in no
event will such policy permit that an Award be transferred for consideration to a third-party financial institution. Whether any such policy will apply to a particular Award may depend, among other things, on when the Award was granted, whom the
Award was granted to, and the type of Award. 

9. ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK; CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS. 

(a) Capitalization Adjustments. If any change is made in, or other events occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or
subject to any Stock Award during the term of the Plan without the receipt of consideration by the Company (through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, stock
split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or other transaction not involving the receipt of consideration by the Company (each a Capitalization Adjustment)), the
Board shall appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 4(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued pursuant to the
exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 4(c), (iii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be awarded to any person pursuant to Sections 5(c) and 7(d)(i), and (iv) the class(es) and number of securities and
price per share of stock subject to outstanding Stock Awards. In addition, for each Option or Stock Appreciation Right with an exercise price or strike price, respectively, greater than the consideration offered in connection with any Capitalization
Adjustment, Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, the Board may in its discretion elect to cancel such Option or Stock Appreciation Right without any payment to the person holding such Option or Stock Appreciation Right. The Board shall make
such adjustments, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. The conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as a transaction without receipt of consideration by the Company. 

(b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than
Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Companys right of repurchase) shall terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the
shares of Common Stock subject to the Companys repurchase option or subject to the forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous
Service, provided, however, that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Stock Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Stock Awards have not
previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. 

(c) Corporate
Transaction. The following provisions shall apply to Stock Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in a written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the holder of the Stock Award or unless otherwise
expressly provided by the Board or Committee at the time of grant of a Stock Award: 

(i) Stock Awards May Be Assumed. In the event of a Corporate
Transaction, any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporations parent company) may assume or continue any or all Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar stock awards for
Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan (including, but not limited to, awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction), and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the
Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to Stock Awards may be assigned by the Company to the successor of the Company (or the successors parent company, if any), in connection with such Corporate Transaction. A surviving
corporation or acquiring corporation may choose to assume or continue only a portion of a Stock Award or substitute a similar stock award for only a portion of a Stock Award. The terms of any assumption, continuation or substitution shall be set by
the Board in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(b). 

(ii) Stock Awards Held by Current Participants.
In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue any or all outstanding Stock Awards or substitute similar stock awards for such outstanding Stock
Awards, then with respect to Stock Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by Participants whose Continuous Service has not terminated prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (referred to as the
Current Participants), the vesting of such Stock Awards (and, if applicable, the time at which such Stock Awards may be exercised) shall (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction) be accelerated in full to a
date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board shall determine (or, if the Board shall not determine such a date, to the date that is five (5) days prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction), and such
Stock Awards shall terminate if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Stock Awards shall lapse (contingent
upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction). No vested Restricted Stock Unit Award shall terminate pursuant to this Section 9(c)(ii) without being settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination
thereof, or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board, prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (or such later date in accordance with a deferral election as described in Section 8(i)). 

(iii) Stock Awards Held by Former Participants. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving
corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue any or all outstanding Stock Awards or substitute similar stock awards for such outstanding Stock Awards, then with respect to Stock Awards that have not been
assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by persons other than Current Participants, the vesting of such Stock Awards (and, if applicable, the time at which such Stock Award may be exercised) shall not be accelerated and such Stock Awards
(other than a Stock Award consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to the Companys right of repurchase) shall terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction;
provided, however, that any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Stock Awards shall not terminate and may continue to be exercised notwithstanding the Corporate Transaction. No vested Restricted
Stock Unit Award shall terminate pursuant to this Section 9(c)(iii) without being settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof, or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board,
prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (or such later date in accordance with a deferral election as described in Section 8(i)). 

(iv) Payment for Stock Awards in Lieu of Exercise or Settlement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event a Stock
Award will terminate if not exercised prior to the effective time of a Corporate Transaction, the Board may provide, in its sole discretion, that the holder of such Stock Award may not exercise such Stock Award but will receive a payment, in such
form as may be determined by the Board, equal in value to the excess, if any, of (i) the value of the cash or property the holder of the Stock Award would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award immediately prior to the effective
time of the Corporate Transaction, over (ii) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. In addition, the Board may provide that with respect to one or more other Stock Awards, such awards

will be cancelled prior to exercise or settlement in exchange for a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board, equal in value to the excess, if any, of (i) the value of the
cash or property the holder of the Stock Award would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, over (ii) any exercise or purchase price (if any) payable by such
holder in connection with such Stock Award, and such payment may be fully vested at the time of the Corporate Transaction or may be required to vest after such time substantially in accordance with the schedule originally in effect immediately prior
to the Corporate Transaction. 

(d) Change in Control. A Stock Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and
exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant. A Stock Award may
vest as to all or any portion of the shares subject to the Stock Award (i) immediately upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, whether or not such Stock Award is assumed, continued, or substituted by a surviving or acquiring entity in the
Change in Control, or (ii) in the event a Participants Continuous Service is terminated, actually or constructively, within a designated period prior to, at, or following the occurrence of a Change in Control. In the absence of a
determination by the Board, no such acceleration shall occur. 

10. AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN AND STOCK AWARDS. 

(a) Amendment of Plan. Subject to the limitations of applicable law, the Board at any time, and from time to time, may amend the Plan.
However, stockholder approval shall be required for any amendment of the Plan that either (i) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan, (ii) materially expands the class of individuals
eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, (iii) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan or materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be issued or purchased under the Plan,
(iv) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (v) expands the types of Awards available for issuance under the Plan, but only to the extent required by applicable law or listing requirements. 

(b) Stockholder Approval. The Board, in its sole discretion, may submit any other amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval.

(c) Contemplated Amendments. It is expressly contemplated that the Board may amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems
necessary or advisable to provide eligible Employees with the maximum benefits provided or to be provided under the provisions of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder relating to Incentive Stock Options and/or to bring the Plan and/or
Incentive Stock Options granted under it into compliance therewith. 

(d) Amendment of Awards. The Board, at any time and from time
to time, may amend the terms of any one or more Awards (either directly or by amending the Plan), including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable than previously provided in the Stock Award Agreement or the written terms of
a Performance Cash Award, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided, however, that the rights under any Award outstanding at the time of such amendment shall not be materially
impaired by any such amendment unless (i) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (ii) such Participant consents in writing. 

11. TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF THE PLAN. 

(a) Plan Termination. The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is
suspended or after it is terminated, but all Awards made prior to such time will continue in effect after such suspension or termination subject to the terms thereof and of this Plan. 

(b) No Impairment of Rights. Suspension or termination of the Plan shall not impair rights and obligations under any Award granted while
the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant. 

12. EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN. 

The Plan first became effective on the Effective Date. The Plan, as most recently amended, shall become effective upon its approval by the
stockholders of the Company. No Incentive Stock Options may be granted on or after January 19, 2034. 

13. CHOICE OF LAW. 

The law of the State of Delaware shall govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without
regard to that states conflict of laws rules.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d836619dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

EXHIBIT 10.2 

SYNOPSYS, INC. 

EMPLOYEE
STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 

(As amended by approval of the Board of Directors on January 24, 2025 

and approved by the stockholders on April 10, 2025) 

I. PURPOSE 

The Synopsys, Inc. Employee
Stock Purchase Plan (the Plan) is intended to provide Eligible Employees of the Company and one or more of its Corporate Affiliates with the opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company through purchases of shares of the
Companys common stock. 

II. DEFINITIONS 

For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated. 

Board means the Companys Board of Directors or its delegate, as applicable, to the extent the Board has delegated its authority
to administer the Plan pursuant to Section III. 

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

Committee means a committee of Board members that will satisfy Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange
Act, as in effect with respect to the Company from time to time. 

Company means Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any
corporate successor to all or substantially all of the assets or voting stock of Synopsys, Inc. that shall by appropriate action adopt the Plan. 

Common Stock means shares of the Companys common stock. 

Corporate Affiliate means any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Code Sections
424(e) and (f), respectively, including any such parent or subsidiary that becomes such after the Effective Date. 

Earnings has the
meaning ascribed to it in the applicable Offering Document. 

Effective Date means January 24, 2025, the date this amended and
restated Plan was approved by the Board. 

Eligible Employee means an Employee who meets the requirements set forth in the
applicable Offering Document for eligibility to participate in the Offering, provided that such Employee also meets the requirements for eligibility to participate set forth in the Plan. 

Employee means any person who is treated as an employee for purposes of Code Section 423 in the records of the Company or a
Corporate Affiliate. A Participant shall be deemed to have ceased to be an Employee either upon an actual termination of employment or upon the Corporate Affiliate employing the Participant ceasing to be a Participating Company. For purposes of the
Plan, a Participant shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an Employee while on any military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence approved by the Company, to the extent permitted by Treasury Regulation Section 1.421-1(h). Service solely as a director, or payment of a fee for such services, shall not cause a director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Fair Market Value means fair market value per share of Common Stock, as determined on any relevant date in accordance with the
following procedures: 

(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established
market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of
determination, as reported in such source as the Board deems reliable. Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value shall be the closing
selling price (or closing bid if no sales were reported) on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 

(ii)
In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, then the Fair Market Value per share of the Common Stock on such date shall be determined by the Board, after taking into account such factors as the Board deems appropriate. 

Offering means the grant of Purchase Rights to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Plan to Eligible Employees under terms approved
by the Board and set forth in an Offering Document. 

Offering Date means a date selected by the Board for an Offering to commence
and specified in the Offering Document. 

Offering Document means the document setting forth the terms of an Offering as
approved by the Board. 

Offering Period means the duration of an Offering, as set forth in the Offering Document. 

Participant means any Eligible Employee of a Participating Company who is actively participating in the Plan. 

Participating Company means the Company and such Corporate Affiliate or Corporate Affiliates as may be designated from time to time by
the Board, the Employees of which may qualify as Eligible Employees that may participate in an Offering. 

Plan Administrator means
any Committee or other group of persons that has been delegated authority to administer the Plan pursuant to Section III.A. 

Purchase
Date means one or more dates during an Offering established by the Board and set forth in the Offering Document on which Purchase Rights shall be exercised and purchases of shares of Common Stock shall be carried out in accordance with
such Offering. 

Purchase Period means each period for which the Participant actually participates in an Offering. 

Purchase Right means an option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan under the terms set forth in the Plan
and the applicable Offering Document. 

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

III. ADMINISTRATION 

A. The Plan shall be
administered by the Board or its designee (each such designee is a Plan Administrator). As of the Effective Date, the Board has designated the Compensation Committee of the Board as the Plan Administrator. The Board or its Compensation
Committee may from time to time select another committee or persons to be responsible as Plan Administrator for any Plan transactions not subject to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, which Plan Administrator
shall be subject to the overall supervision of the Compensation Committee or the Board, as applicable. Unless otherwise specified herein, the Plan Administrator shall have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore
possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Plan Administrator, including the power to delegate to a Committee or other persons any of the administrative powers the Plan Administrator is authorized to exercise (and except as otherwise
specifically provided herein, all references to the Board in this Plan or in any Offering Document shall thereafter be deemed references to the Plan Administrator or its designee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the
provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. The Board retains the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Plan Administrator and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously
delegated to the Plan Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board shall determine all of the relevant terms and conditions of Purchase Rights; provided, however, that all Participants granted Purchase Rights pursuant to an
Offering shall have the same rights and privileges within the meaning of Code Section 423(b)(5). 

B. The Board may administer,
interpret and amend the Plan in any manner it believes to be desirable (including amendments to outstanding Purchase Rights and the designation of a brokerage firm at which accounts for the holding of shares purchased under the Plan must be
established by each Eligible Employee desiring to participate in the Plan), and any such interpretation shall be final and binding on all parties who have an interest in the Plan. 

C. Any Plan Administrator that is not a Committee may not, without the approval of the Board, or without stockholder approval to the extent
required under Section X: (i) increase the number of shares issuable under the Plan, except that the Plan Administrator shall have the authority, exercisable without such approval, to effect adjustments to the extent necessary to reflect
changes in the Companys capital structure pursuant to Section VI.B; (ii) alter the purchase price formula so as to reduce the purchase price payable for the shares issuable under the Plan; or (iii) materially increase the benefits
accruing to Participants under the Plan or materially modify the requirements for eligibility to participate in the Plan. 

D. Without
regard to whether any Participants Purchase Right may be considered adversely affected, the Company may, from time to time, consistent with the Plan and the requirements of Code Section 423, establish, change or terminate such rules,
guidelines, policies, procedures, limitations, or adjustments as deemed advisable by the Company, in its discretion, for the proper administration of the Plan, including, without limitation, (i) a minimum payroll deduction amount required for
participation in an Offering, (ii) a limitation on the frequency or number of changes permitted in the rate of payroll deduction during an Offering, (iii) an exchange ratio applicable to amounts withheld or paid in a currency other than
United States dollars, (iv) a payroll deduction greater than or less than the amount designated by a Participant in order to adjust for the Companys delay or mistake in processing an enrollment agreement or in otherwise effecting a
Participants election under the Plan or as advisable to comply with the requirements 

of Code Section 423, and (v) determination of the date and manner by which the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock is determined for purposes of administration of the Plan. All
such actions by the Company shall be taken consistent with the requirements under Code Section 423(b)(5) that all Participants granted Purchase Rights pursuant to an Offering shall have the same rights and privileges within the meaning of such
section, except as otherwise permitted by Section III(E) and the regulations under Code Section 423. 

E. The Board shall have the
power, in its discretion, to adopt one or more sub-plans of the Plan as the Board deems necessary or desirable to comply with the laws or regulations, tax policy, accounting principles or custom of foreign
jurisdictions applicable to employees of a subsidiary business entity of the Company, provided that any such sub-plan shall not be within the scope of an employee stock purchase plan within the
meaning of Code Section 423. Any of the provisions of any such sub-plan may supersede the provisions of this Plan, other than Section VI. Except as superseded by the provisions of a sub-plan, the provisions of this Plan shall govern such sub-plan. Alternatively and in order to comply with the laws of a foreign jurisdiction, the Board shall have the power,
in its discretion, to grant Purchase Rights in an Offering to citizens or residents of a non-U.S. jurisdiction (without regard to whether they are also citizens of the United States or resident aliens) that
provide terms which are less favorable than the terms of Purchase Rights granted under the same Offering to Employees resident in the United States. 

IV. OFFERINGS 

A. The Board may from time
to time grant Purchase Rights to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Plan to Eligible Employees in an Offering (consisting of one or more Periods of Participation) on an Offering Date or Offering Dates selected by the Board and as specified in
an Offering Document. Each Offering Document shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate, which shall comply with the terms of the Plan, and which shall designate the Participating Companies
for such Offering. Unless otherwise specifically provided in the Offering Document, with respect to each Offering in effect under the Offering Document each Participating Company shall be considered for purposes of the Plan to have its own separate
Offering for the Eligible Employees employed by such Participating Company, so that no two Participating Companies shall participate in the same Offering. 

B. The terms and conditions of an Offering shall be set forth in an Offering Document that is incorporated by reference into the Plan and
treated as part of the Plan. The provisions of separate Offerings under the Plan need not be identical, but each Offering Document shall include (through incorporation of the provisions of this Plan by reference in the Offering Document) the
Offering Period, which period shall not exceed twenty-seven (27) months beginning with the Offering Date, and the substance of the provisions contained in Sections IV through VII, inclusive. 

C. If a Participant has more than one Purchase Right outstanding under the Plan, unless he or she otherwise indicates in agreements or notices
delivered hereunder: (i) each agreement or notice delivered by that Participant shall be deemed to apply to all of his or her Purchase Rights under the Plan, and (ii) a Purchase Right with a lower exercise price (or an earlier-granted
Purchase Right, if different Purchase Rights have identical exercise prices) shall be exercised to the fullest possible extent before a Purchase Right with a higher exercise price (or a later-granted Purchase Right if different Purchase Rights have
identical exercise prices) shall be exercised. 

D. The Board shall have the discretion to structure an Offering so that if the Fair Market
Value of the shares of Common Stock on the first day of a new Purchase Period within that Offering is less than or equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the Offering Date, then (i) that Offering shall terminate
immediately after giving effect to such purchase on the applicable Purchase Date, (ii) the Participants in such terminated Offering shall be automatically enrolled in a new Offering beginning on the first day of such new Purchase Period, and
(iii) all contribution amounts not applied to the purchase of shares of Common Stock after giving effect to such purchase on the applicable Purchase Date shall be refunded to the applicable Participants. 

V. ELIGIBILITY 

A. Purchase Rights may be
granted only to employees of the Company or, as the Board may designate, to employees of a Corporate Affiliate. Except as provided in Section V.B, an Employee shall not be eligible to be granted Purchase Rights under the Plan unless, on the Offering
Date, such Employee has been in the employ of the Company or a Corporate Affiliate, as the case may be, for such continuous period preceding such Offering Date as the Board may require pursuant to the Offering Document, but in no event shall
Offerings intended to qualify under Code Section 423 require that the period of continuous employment be greater than two (2) years. In addition, the Board may provide in the Offering Document that no employee shall be eligible to be
granted Purchase 

Rights under the Plan unless, on the Offering Date, such employees customary employment with the Company or the Corporate Affiliate is for more than twenty (20) hours per week (or such
lesser number of hours per week as the Board may approve for an Offering) and more than five (5) months per calendar year (or such lesser number of months per calendar year as the Board may approve for the Offering). 

B. The Board may provide in an Offering Document that each person who, during the course of an Offering, first becomes an Eligible Employee
shall, on a date or dates specified in the Offering Document which coincides with the day on which such person becomes an Eligible Employee or that occurs thereafter, receive a Purchase Right under that Offering, which Purchase Right shall
thereafter be deemed to be a part of that Offering. Such Purchase Right shall have the same characteristics as any Purchase Rights originally granted under that Offering, as described herein, except that: 

(i) the date on which such Purchase Right is granted shall be the Offering Date of such Purchase Right for all
purposes, including determination of the exercise price of such Purchase Right; 

(ii) the period of the Offering with
respect to such Purchase Right shall begin on its Offering Date and end coincident with the end of such Offering; and 

(iii) the Board may provide that if such person first becomes an Eligible Employee within a specified period of time before the
end of the Offering, he or she shall not receive any Purchase Right under that Offering. 

C. No Employee shall be eligible for the grant of
any Purchase Rights under the Plan if, immediately after any such Purchase Rights are granted, such Employee owns stock possessing five percent (5%) or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or
of any Corporate Affiliate. For purposes of this Section V.C., the rules of Section 424(d) of the Code shall apply in determining the stock ownership of any Employee, and stock that such Employee may purchase under all outstanding Purchase
Rights shall be treated as stock owned by such Employee. 

D. As specified by Section 423(b)(8) of the Code, an Eligible Employee may
be granted Purchase Rights under the Plan only if such Purchase Rights, together with any other rights granted under all employee stock purchase plans of the Company and any Corporate Affiliates, do not permit such Eligible Employees rights to
purchase stock of the Company or any Corporate Affiliate to accrue at a rate that exceeds twenty five thousand dollars ($25,000) of Fair Market Value of such stock (determined at the time such rights are granted and, with respect to the Plan, as of
their respective Offering Dates) for each calendar year in which such rights are outstanding at any time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such limitation shall not apply to Eligible Employees participating in an Offering that is not intended to
qualify as a qualified employee stock purchase plan offering under Code Section 423, unless otherwise provided in the Offering Document. 

E. Officers of the Company and any designated Corporate Affiliate, if they are otherwise Eligible Employees, shall be eligible to participate
in Offerings under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may provide in an Offering that Employees who are highly compensated Employees within the meaning of Section 423(b)(4)(D) of the Code shall not be eligible to participate.

VI. STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN 

A. The
Common Stock purchasable by Participants under the Plan shall, solely in the discretion of the Board, be made available from either authorized but unissued shares of the Common Stock or from shares of Common Stock reacquired by the Company,
including shares of Common Stock purchased on the open market. The total number of shares that may be issued under the Plan shall not exceed 59,900,000 shares, all of which may be issued pursuant to Code Section 423 Purchase Rights. If any
Purchase Right granted under the Plan shall for any reason terminate without having been exercised, the shares of Common Stock not purchased under such Purchase Right shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. 

B. In the event any change is made to the Companys outstanding Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend, stock split, combination of
shares or other change affecting such outstanding Common Stock as a class without receipt of consideration, then appropriate adjustments shall be made by the Board to (i) the class and maximum number of shares issuable over the term of the
Plan, (ii) any share limitations in an Offering on the maximum number of shares purchasable under the Offering; and (iii) the class and number of shares and the price per share of the Common Stock subject to each Purchase Right at the time
outstanding under the Plan. Such adjustments shall be designed to preclude the dilution or enlargement of rights and benefits under the Plan. 

VII. PURCHASE RIGHTS; PURCHASE PRICE 

A. Maximum Payroll Deductions. The maximum payroll deduction authorized by the Participant for purposes of acquiring shares of Common Stock
under the Plan will be designated by the Board in the Offering Document for the Offering and may not exceed a maximum of fifteen percent (15%) of the Participants Earnings (as defined by the Board in such Offering Document) paid to the
Participant for payroll periods that are applicable to the Offering Period, as established by the Board for such Offering. 

B. Enrollment
Agreement. An Employee who participates in the Plan for a particular Offering must complete and submit to the Company an enrollment agreement in the form and in accordance with the procedures prescribed by the Board (which may include electronic
enrollment). Each such enrollment agreement shall authorize an amount of payroll deductions expressed as a percentage of the submitting Participants Earnings (as defined in each Offering Document) for payroll periods that are applicable to the
Offering Period (not to exceed the maximum percentage specified by the Board in the Offering Document). To the extent provided in the Offering Document, a Participant may thereafter reduce (including to zero) or increase his or her payroll
deductions. 

C. Purchase Price. Common Stock shall be issuable on any Purchase Date at a purchase price equal to 85 percent (or such
higher percentage designated by the applicable Offering Document) of the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value per share on the Offering Date or (ii) the Fair Market Value per share on the Purchase Date. 

D. Number of Purchasable Shares. The number of shares purchasable per Participant on each Purchase Date within an Offering shall be the number
of whole shares obtained by dividing the amount collected from the Participant through payroll deductions applicable to the Offering Period (after conversion into U.S. Dollars, if necessary) by the purchase price in effect on the Purchase Date. In
connection with each Offering made under the Plan, the Board may specify (i) a maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by any Participant on any Purchase Date during such Offering, and (ii) a maximum aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by all Participants pursuant to such Offering. In addition, in connection with each Offering that contains more than one Purchase Date: (i) the Board may specify a maximum aggregate number of
shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by all Participants on any Purchase Date under the Offering, and (ii) if the aggregate purchase of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Purchase Rights granted under the Offering would
exceed any such maximum aggregate number, then, in the absence of any Board action otherwise, a pro rata allocation of the shares of Common Stock available shall be made in as nearly a uniform manner as shall be practicable and equitable. 

E. Condition to Exercise of Purchase Rights. No Purchase Rights may be exercised to any extent unless the shares of Common Stock to be issued
upon such exercise under the Plan are covered by an effective registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act and the Plan is in material compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, and foreign securities laws, exchange control laws
and other laws applicable to the Plan. If on a Purchase Date during any Offering the shares of Common Stock are not so registered or the Plan is not in such compliance, no Purchase Rights of any Offering shall be exercised on such Purchase Date, and
the Purchase Date shall be delayed until the shares of Common Stock are subject to such an effective registration statement and the Plan is in such compliance, except that the Purchase Date shall not be delayed more than twelve (12) months and
the Purchase Date shall in no event be more than twenty-seven (27) months from the Offering Date for the Offering. If, on the Purchase Date under any Offering, as delayed to the maximum extent permissible, the shares of Common Stock are not
registered and the Plan is not in such compliance, no Purchase Rights of any outstanding Offering shall be exercised and all contributed payroll deductions that accumulated during the Offering (reduced to the extent, if any, such contributions have
been used to acquire shares of Common Stock) shall be distributed to the Participants without interest (unless otherwise required by applicable law). The Company shall seek to obtain from each federal, state, foreign or other regulatory commission
or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Purchase Rights. If, after commercially reasonable efforts, the Company is unable to obtain from any such
regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company shall be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock
upon exercise of such Purchase Rights unless and until such authority is obtained. 

F. Payment. Payment for the Common Stock purchased
under the Plan shall be effected by means of the Participants authorized payroll deductions (after conversion into U.S. Dollars, if necessary) accumulated for the Purchase Period. The amounts so collected shall be credited to the
Participants bookkeeping account under the Plan, but no interest shall be paid on the balance outstanding in such account (unless otherwise required by applicable law). The amounts collected from a Participant may be commingled with the
general assets of the Company and may be used for general corporate purposes. To the extent specifically provided in the Offering Document, in addition to making contributions by payroll deductions, a Participant may make contributions through
payment by cash or check (after conversion into U.S. Dollars, if necessary) prior to each Purchase Date of the Offering. 

G. Termination of Purchase Right. Unless otherwise provided in the Offering Document, the
following provisions shall govern the termination of outstanding Purchase Rights in effect under the Offering: 

(i) A
Participant may, at any time prior to the last five (5) business days of the Purchase Period, terminate his /her outstanding Purchase Right under the Plan by filing the prescribed notification form with the Board. No further payroll deductions
shall be collected from the Participant with respect to the terminated Purchase Right, and any payroll deductions collected for the Purchase Period in which such termination occurs shall be refunded without interest (unless otherwise required by
applicable law). 

(ii) The termination of such Purchase Right shall be irrevocable, and the Participant may not
subsequently rejoin the Offering for which such terminated Purchase Right was granted. In order to resume participation in any subsequent Offering, such individual must re-enroll in the Plan. 

H. Stock Purchase. Shares of Common Stock shall automatically be purchased on behalf of each Participant (other than Participants whose
payroll deductions have previously been refunded or set aside for refund in accordance with the Termination of Purchase Right provisions above) on each Purchase Date (after conversion into U.S. Dollars, if necessary). The purchase shall
be effected by applying each Participants payroll deductions accumulated for the Purchase Period ending on such Purchase Date (plus any payments by cash or check to the extent permitted in the Offering Document) to the purchase of whole shares
of Common Stock (subject to the limitation on the maximum number of purchasable shares set forth above) at the purchase price in effect on such Purchase Date. Any payroll deductions not applied to such purchase (a) because insufficient to
purchase a whole share or (b) by reason of the limitation on the maximum number of shares purchasable by the Participant on such Purchase Date shall be promptly refunded to the Participant without interest (unless otherwise required by
applicable law). No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of Purchase Rights, unless otherwise determined by the Plan Administrator. 

I. Rights as Stockholder. A Participant shall have no stockholder rights with respect to the shares subject to his/her outstanding Purchase
Right until the shares are actually purchased on the Participants behalf in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Plan. No adjustments shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to
the date of such purchase. 

J. Assignability. No Purchase Right granted under the Plan shall be assignable or transferable by the
Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution following the participants death, and during the Participants lifetime the Purchase Right shall be exercisable only by the Participant. 

K. Change in Control. Should a Change in Control (as defined in the Companys 2006 Employee Equity Incentive Plan, as amended) occur,
then all outstanding Purchase Rights under the Plan shall automatically be exercised immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction by applying the accumulated payroll deductions of each Participant (after conversion into U.S. Dollars, if
necessary) for the Purchase Period in which the transaction occurs to the purchase of whole shares of Common Stock at eighty-five percent (85%) (or such higher percentage designated by the applicable Offering Document governing the applicable
Purchase Rights) of the lower of (i) the Fair Market Value per share on the Offering Date for the Offering in which such transaction occurs or (ii) the Fair Market Value per share immediately prior to the consummation of such
transaction. However, the applicable share limitations of Section V and any share purchase limitations set forth in the Offering Document shall continue to apply to any such purchase. The Company shall use its best efforts to provide at least ten
(10) days advance written notice of the occurrence of any such sale, merger, reorganization or reverse merger, and Participants shall, following the receipt of such notice, have the right to terminate their outstanding Purchase Rights in
accordance with the applicable provisions of this Section VII. 

VIII. STATUS OF PLAN UNDER U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS 

The Plan is designed to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Code Section 423, so that Offerings under the Plan may qualify as qualified
employee stock purchase plan offerings under Code Section 423, and all shares reserved for issuance under the Plan may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Purchase Rights that qualify as qualified employee stock purchase rights under Code
Section 423. However, the Board may in its sole discretion determine to approve Offerings under the Plan that are not intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 423, including, without limitation, Offerings in which Eligible
Employees who are not subject to U.S. tax laws may participate. 

IX. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

A. The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan at any time, including amendments to outstanding Purchase Rights.
Subject to the requirements of Section III, the Plan Administrator may amend the Plan and outstanding Purchase Rights. However, stockholder approval shall be required for any amendment of the Plan that: 

(i) increases the number of shares issuable under the Plan, except that the Board shall have the authority, exercisable without
such stockholder approval, to effect adjustments to the extent necessary to reflect changes in the Companys capital structure pursuant to Section VI.B; 

(ii) alters the purchase price formula so as to reduce the purchase price payable for the shares issuable under the Plan; or

(iii) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan or materially modify the requirements for
eligibility to participate in the Plan; 

but in each of (i) through (iii) above only to the extent stockholder approval is required by
applicable law or listing requirements. 

B. The Board may elect to terminate any or all outstanding Purchase Rights at any time. In the
event the Plan is terminated, the Board may also elect to terminate outstanding Purchase Rights either immediately or upon completion of the purchase of shares on the next Purchase Date, or may elect to permit Purchase Rights to expire in accordance
with their terms (and participation to continue through such expiration dates). If Purchase Rights are terminated prior to expiration, all funds contributed to the Plan that have not been used to purchase shares shall be returned to the Participants
as soon as administratively feasible without interest (unless otherwise required by applicable law). 

X. GENERAL PROVISIONS 

A. This amended and restated Plan document became effective on the Effective Date. 

B. All costs and expenses incurred in the administration of the Plan shall be paid by the Company. 

C. Neither the action of the Company in establishing the Plan, nor any action taken under the Plan by the Board, nor any provision of the Plan
itself shall be construed so as to grant any person the right to remain in the employ of the Company or any of its Corporate Affiliates for any period of specific duration. 

D. The law of the State of Delaware shall govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without
regard to that states conflict of laws rules. 

E. If the Board in its discretion so elects, it may retain a brokerage firm, bank, or
other financial institution to assist in the purchase of shares, delivery of reports, or other administrative aspects of the Plan. If the Board so elects, each Participant shall (unless prohibited by the laws of the nation of his or her employment
or residence) be deemed upon enrollment in the Plan to have authorized the establishment of an account on his or her behalf at such institution. If the Board in its discretion so elects, shares purchased by a Participant under the Plan shall be held
in the account in the name in which the share certificate would otherwise be issued pursuant to Section VII until such shares are sold.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>snps-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>snps-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>snps-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name SYNOPSYS INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000883241

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 000-19807

Entity Tax Identification Number 56-1546236

Entity Address, Address Line One 675 Almanor Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Sunnyvale

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94085

City Area Code (650)

Local Phone Number 584-5000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock (par value of $0.01 per share)

Trading Symbol SNPS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://synopsys.com//20250410/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d836619d8k.htm 
snps-20250410.xsd 
snps-20250410_lab.xml 
snps-20250410_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-079138-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d836619d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000883241 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

SYNOPSYS INC 
false 
0000883241 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
DE 
000-19807 
56-1546236 
675 Almanor Avenue 
Sunnyvale 
CA 
94085 
(650) 
584-5000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock (par value of $0.01 per share) 
SNPS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>