<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-000136.txt : 20250102
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-000136.hdr.sgml : 20250102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250102074002
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-000136
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Chenghe Acquisition I Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001868269
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41246
		FILM NUMBER:		25500234

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38 BEACH ROAD #29-11
		STREET 2:		SOUTH BEACH TOWER
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			189767
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3102828820

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38 BEACH ROAD #29-11
		STREET 2:		SOUTH BEACH TOWER
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			189767

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LatAmGrowth SPAC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210617
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm251551d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000186826900018682692024-12-272024-12-270001868269LATGU:UnitseachconsistingofoneClassAordinaryshareMember2024-12-272024-12-270001868269LATGU:ClassAordinarysharesparvaluepershareMember2024-12-272024-12-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 2, 2025 (December 27, 2024)

Chenghe Acquisition I Co.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Cayman Islands 001-41246 98-1605340

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

38 Beach Road #29-11

South Beach Tower

Singapore 189767

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants telephone number,
including area code: (+65) 9851 8611

LatAmGrowth SPAC

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which

registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant LATGU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class
A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share LATG The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

As
previously announced on December 22, 2023, Chenghe Acquisition I Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares (Chenghe),
entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement), with FST Corp., a Cayman Islands
exempted company limited by shares (CayCo), FST Merger Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares
and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of CayCo, (Merger Sub) and Femco Steel Technology Co., Ltd., a company
limited by shares incorporated and in existence under the laws of Taiwan with uniform commercial number of 04465819 (the Company,
and together with CayCo and Merger Sub, the Company Parties) (the Business Combination).

Prepaid
Share Forward Agreement

On
December 27, 2024, Chenghe, CayCo and the Company entered into an agreement (the Prepaid Share Forward Agreement)
with each of (i) Harraden Circle Investors, LP (HCI) and (ii) Harraden Circle Special Opportunities, LP (HCSO)
(HCI and HCSO collectively, the Seller) for an OTC Prepaid Share Forward Transaction. For purposes of the Agreement,
Counterparty refers to Chenghe prior to the consummation of the Business Combination and CayCo after the consummation
of the Business Combination. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in
the Prepaid Share Forward Agreement.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Prepaid Share Forward Agreement, the Seller intends, but is not obligated, to purchase up to a number of Class A ordinary
shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of Chenghe (Ordinary Shares) in the aggregate amount equal to up to 3,000,000,
from third parties through a broker in the open market (other than through Counterparty), or Ordinary Shares previously redeemed by Seller
that Seller reverses a previously submitted redemption request for prior to the closing of the Business Combination (the Relevant
Shares). The Seller is also entitled to purchase up to 100,000 Ordinary Shares of Chenghe (the Committed Shares),
which shall not form a part of the Relevant Shares under the Prepaid Share Forward Agreement, and the Sellers will not sell the Committed
Shares at a price less than the Reset Price (as defined below) prior to 30 day anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination.

The
Prepaid Share Forward Agreement provides that the Counterparty shall pay to the Seller an aggregate cash amount (the Prepayment
Amount) equal to the product of (i) the number of Relevant Shares and the number of Committed Shares and (ii) the
redemption price per share as set forth in Chenghes constitutional documents (the Redemption Price) directly
from the trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company by no later than the earlier of (a) one business
day after the Closing Date and (b) the date any assets from the Trust Account are disbursed in connection with the Business Combination.

From
time to time and on any date following the Business Combination (any such date, a OET Date), Seller may, in its absolute
discretion, terminate the Transaction in whole or in part with respect to any number of Relevant Shares by giving notice of such termination
and the specified number of Relevant Shares (such quantity, the Terminated Shares). As of each OET Date, the Counterparty
shall be entitled to an amount from Seller, and the Seller shall pay to the Counterparty, an amount equal to (a) the then-in-effect Reset
Price, multiplied by (b) the Terminated Shares. Thereafter, the Number of Relevant Shares shall be reduced by the number of Terminated
Shares. The Reset Price shall be initially the Redemption Price, and, from time to time in the Counterpartys sole discretion, the
Reset Price may be adjusted to the lower of the current Reset Price and the lowest daily VWAP over the prior 10 trading days. For avoidance
of doubt, the Reset Price may only be adjusted downward.

The
Prepaid Share Forward Agreement matures on the date falling 12 months after of the closing of the Business Combination (the Maturity
Date).

At
Maturity Date, the Seller shall return to the Counterparty the Relevant Shares, and in exchange of such return, shall be entitled to retain
an amount equal to the number of Relevant Shares multiplied by the Redemption Price.

The
foregoing summary of the Prepaid Share Forward Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Prepaid Share Forward
Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

As
of December 26, 2024, the redemption price per Ordinary Shares was approximately US$11.79 per share.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Prepaid Share Forward Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2024, by and among Chenghe, CayCo, the Company, Harraden Circle Investors, LP and Harraden Circle Special Opportunities, LP

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Chenghe Acquisition I Co. 

By: /s/ Zhaohai Wang

Name: Zhaohai Wang

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Date: January 2, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm251551d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Date: December
27, 2024

To: Chenghe
Acquisition I Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability prior to the
closing of the Business Combination (as defined below) and FST Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted
company following the closing of the Business Combination (collectively, the Counterparty),
and Femco Steel Technology Co., Ltd., a company limited by shares incorporated and in existence
under the laws of Taiwan with uniform commercial number of 04465819 (the Target).

Address: 38
Beach Road #29-11

South Beach Tower

Singapore

From: (i) Harraden
Circle Investors, LP (HCI), (ii) Harraden Circle Special Opportunities, LP
(HCSO) (with HCI and HCSO collectively as Seller)

Re: Prepaid
Share Forward (the Transaction)

The purpose of
this agreement (this Confirmation) is to confirm the terms and conditions of the transaction (the Transaction)
entered into between Seller, LATG and Target on the Trade Date specified below. The term Counterparty refers to
LATG until the Business Combination (as defined below), and to FST Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company, following the Business Combination.
Certain terms of the Transaction shall be as set forth in this Confirmation, with additional terms as set forth in a Pricing Date Notice
(the Pricing Date Notice) in the form of Schedule A hereto. This Confirmation, together with the Pricing
Date Notice, constitutes a Confirmation and the Transaction constitutes a separate Transaction as referred
to in the ISDA Form (as defined below).

This Confirmation,
together with the Pricing Date Notice, evidences a complete binding agreement between Seller, Target and Counterparty as to the subject
matter and terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates and shall supersede all prior or contemporaneous written or oral
communications with respect thereto.

The 2006 ISDA
Definitions (the Swap Definitions) and the 2002 ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the Equity
Definitions, and with the Swap Definitions, the Definitions), each as published by the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., are incorporated into this Confirmation. If there is any inconsistency between the
Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation governs. If, in relation to the Transaction, there is any inconsistency between
the ISDA Form, this Confirmation (including the Pricing Date Notice), the Swap Definitions and the Equity Definitions, the following
will prevail for purposes of such Transaction in the order of precedence indicated: (i) this Confirmation (including the Pricing
Date Notice); (ii) the Equity Definitions; (iii) the Swap Definitions; and (iv) the ISDA Form.

This Confirmation,
together with the Pricing Date Notice, shall supplement, form a part of, and be subject to an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA
Master Agreement (the ISDA Form) as if Seller, Target and Counterparty had executed an agreement in such form (but
without any Schedule except as set forth herein under Schedule Provisions) on the Trade Date.

The terms
of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows, and capitalized terms, as used herein and to the extent
not otherwise defined, shall have as their definitions the applicable terms described below:

General Terms

Type of Transaction: Share Forward Transaction

Trade Date: December 27, 2024

Pricing Date: The date specified in the Pricing
Date Notice.

Effective Date: One (1) Settlement
Cycle following the Pricing Date.

Valuation
Date: The
date that is 12-months after the closing of the transactions between Counterparty and Target (the Business
Combination) pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2023
(the Merger Agreement) (the Maturity Date).

VWAP Price: For any scheduled trading
day, the volume weighted average price per Share for such day as reported on the relevant Bloomberg Screen KBSX US 
AQR SEC (or any successor thereto), or if such price is not so reported on such trading day for any reason or is erroneous,
the VWAP Price shall be as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent.

Pricing
Date Notice: Seller
shall deliver to Counterparty the Pricing Date Notice no later than one (1) business day in which Nasdaq and commercial banks in
the City of New York are open for business (each such day an Exchange
Business Day) following the closing of the Business Combination. The Pricing Date Notice
shall include the Number of Shares subject to this Confirmation.

Seller: Seller.

Buyer: Counterparty; In connection
with the Business Combination, Chenghe Acquisition I Co. will merge with a subsidiary of FST Corp.

Shares: Prior
to the closing of the Business Combination, the Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of Chenghe Acquisition I Co.,
a Cayman Island exempted company with limited liability (Ticker: LATG)
and, after the closing of the Business Combination, the shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of FST Corp.
(Ticker: "KBSX")

Number
of Shares: A
number of LATG shares (such Shares referred to herein as the Public
Shares) equal to (i) the number of Public Shares owned by Seller on the day prior to the
close of the Business Combination, minus (ii) the number of Commitment Shares, as specified in the Pricing Date Notice, but in no
event more than the Maximum Number of Shares. The Number of Shares is subject to reduction as described under Optional Early
Termination.

Commitment
Shares: 100,000 Public Shares. The
Commitment Shares shall not be included in the Number of Shares and the Seller and the Commitment Shares shall be free and clear
of all obligations with respect to this Confirmation, except that the Seller will not sell the Share Consideration Shares at a price
that is less than the Reset Price prior to the 30-day anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination.

Maximum Number of Shares: 3,000,000 Shares. 

Initial Price: The redemption price in accordance
with the organizational/constitutive documents of the Counterparty (the Redemption Price).

Reset Price: Initially the Initial Price.
From time to time in the Buyers sole discretion the Reset Price may be adjusted to the lower of the current Reset Price and
the lowest daily VWAP over the prior 10 trading days. For avoidance of doubt the Reset Price may only be adjusted downward.

Prepayment: Payment
of the Prepayment Amount shall be made directly from the Counterpartys Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer
& Trust Company holding the net proceeds of the sale of the units in Counterpartys initial public offering (the Trust
Account) no later than the Prepayment Date.

Prepayment
Amount: At
the close of the Business Combination, the Counterparty will pay to the Seller an amount equal to the (i) Number of Shares plus the
number of Commitment Shares, multiplied by (ii) the Initial Price (Prepayment
Amount).

Prepayment
Date: The earlier of (a) one (1)
Local Business Day after the closing of the Business Combination and (b) the date any assets from the Trust Account are disbursed
following the Business Combination.

Variable Obligation: Not applicable.

Redemptions: Counterparty shall promptly
accept any redemption reversal requests in connection with purchases of Shares by Seller for any Public Shares subject to this Confirmation.

Exchange(s): The
Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq).

Related Exchange(s): All Exchanges.

Reimbursement
of Legal Fees and Other Expenses: On the Trade Date, Counterparty
shall pay to Seller an amount equal to (a) the reasonable and documented attorney fees and other reasonable and documented expenses
related to such attorney fees incurred by Seller or its affiliates in connection with this Transaction subject to a $25,000 cap and
(b) expenses actually incurred in connection with the acquisition of the Public Shares.

Settlement
Terms

Settlement Method Election: Not Applicable.

Settlement Method: Physical Settlement.

Settlement Currency: USD.

Settlement Date: Two (2) Exchange Business
Days following the Valuation Date.

Excess Dividend Amount Ex Amount.

Optional
Early Termination From
time to time and on any Exchange Business Day following the closing of the Business Combination (any such date, an OET
Date), and subject to the terms and conditions below, Seller may, in its absolute discretion,
terminate the Transaction in whole or in part with respect to any number of Shares by giving notice of such termination and the specified
number of Shares (such quantity, the Terminated Shares). As of each OET Date,
Buyer shall be entitled to an amount from Seller, and the Seller shall pay to Buyer, an amount equal to the then in effect Reset
Price, multiplied by (b) the Terminated Shares. The Number of Shares shall be reduced by the number of Terminated Shares.

The remainder of the Transaction,
if any, shall continue in accordance with its terms; provided that if the OET Date is also the stated Valuation Date, the remainder
of the Transaction shall be settled in accordance with the other provisions of Settlement Terms.

Maturity Consideration: At Maturity,
in exchange for the return of the Number of Shares to Counterparty, Seller shall retain an amount equal to (i) the Number of Shares
multiplied by (ii) the Initial Price.

Maturity Settlement: The Seller will retain the
Maturity Consideration from the Prepayment Amount.

Share Adjustments:

Method of Adjustment: Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Extraordinary
Events:

Consequences of
Merger Events involving Counterparty:

Share-for-Share: Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Share-for-Other: Cancellation and Payment.

Share-for-Combined: Component Adjustment.

Tender
Offer: Applicable;
provided, however, that Section 12.1(d)
of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by adding , or of the outstanding Shares, before of the Issuer
in the fourth line thereof. Sections 12.1(e) and 12.1(l)(ii) of the Equity Definitions are hereby amended by adding or Shares,
as applicable, after voting Shares.

Consequences
of Tender Offers:

Share-for-Share: Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Share-for-Other: Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Share-for-Combined: Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Composition of Combined Consideration: Not Applicable.

Nationalization,
Insolvency or Delisting: Cancellation and Payment
(Calculation Agent Determination); provided that in addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions,
it shall also constitute a Delisting if the Exchange is located in the United States and the Shares are not immediately re-listed,
re-traded or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Nasdaq Capital Market or the Nasdaq
Global Market (or their respective successors) or such other exchange or quotation system which, in the determination of the Calculation
Agent, has liquidity comparable to the aforementioned exchanges; if the Shares are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted
on any such exchange or quotation system, such exchange or quotation system shall be deemed to be the Exchange.

Business
Combination Exclusion: Notwithstanding the foregoing
or any other provision herein, the parties agree that the Business Combination shall not constitute a Merger Event, Tender Offer,
Delisting or any other Extraordinary Event hereunder.

Additional Disruption Events:

(a)
Change in Law: Applicable;
provided that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the
Equity Definitions is hereby amended by adding the words (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, adoption
or promulgation of new regulations authorized or mandated by existing statute) after the word regulation in
the second line thereof.

(a) Failure to Deliver: Not Applicable.

(b) Insolvency Filing: Applicable.

(c) Hedging Disruption: Not Applicable.

(d) Increased Cost of Hedging: Not Applicable.

(e) Loss of Stock Borrow: Not Applicable.

(f) Increased Cost of Stock
Borrow: Not Applicable.

Determining
Party: For all applicable events,
Seller, unless (i) an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event has occurred and is continuing with respect
to Seller, or (ii) if Seller fails to perform its obligations as Determining Party, in which case a Third Party Dealer (as defined
below) in the relevant market selected by Counterparty will be the Determining Party.

Additional
Provisions:

Calculation
Agent: Seller, unless (i) an Event
of Default, Potential Event of Default or Additional Termination Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to Seller, or
(ii) if Seller fails to perform its obligations as Calculation Agent, in which case an unaffiliated leading dealer in the relevant
market selected by Counterparty in its sole discretion will be the Calculation Agent.

In
the event that a party (the Disputing Party)
does not agree with any determination made (or the failure to make any determination) by the Calculation Agent, the Disputing Party
shall have the right to require that the Calculation Agent have such determination reviewed by a disinterested third party that is
a dealer in derivatives of the type that is the subject of the dispute and that is not an Affiliate of either party (a Third
Party Dealer). Such Third Party Dealer shall be jointly selected by the parties within one
(1) Business Day after the Disputing Partys exercise of its rights hereunder (once selected, such Third Party Dealer shall
be the Substitute Calculation Agent). If the parties are unable to agree on a Substitute Calculation Agent within the
prescribed time, each of the parties shall elect a Third Party Dealer and such two dealers shall agree on a Third Party Dealer by
the end of the subsequent Business Day. Such Third Party Dealer shall be deemed to be the Substitute Calculation Agent. Any exercise
by the Disputing Party of its rights hereunder must be in writing and shall be delivered to the Calculation Agent not later than
the third Business Day following the Business Day on which the Calculation Agent notifies the Disputing Party of any determination
made (or of the failure to make any determination). Any determination by the Substitute Calculation Agent shall be binding in the
absence of manifest error and shall be made as soon as possible but no later than the second Business Day following the Substitute
Calculation Agents appointment. The costs of such Substitute Calculation Agent shall be borne by (a) the Disputing Party if
the Substitute Calculation Agent substantially agrees with the Calculation Agent or (b) the non- Disputing Party if the Substitute
Calculation Agent does not substantially agree with the Calculation Agent. If, after following the procedures and within the specified
time frames set forth above, a binding determination is not achieved, the original determination of the Calculation Agent shall apply.

Non-Reliance: Applicable.

Agreements and Acknowledgements
Regarding Hedging Activities: Applicable.

Additional Acknowledgements: Applicable.

Collateral
Provisions:

Grant of Security Interest: None.

Collateral: None.

Securities Account: None.

Securities Intermediary: None.

Perfection: None

Schedule
Provisions:

Specified
Entity: In relation to both Seller
and Counterparty for the purpose of: Section 5(a)(v) [of the ISDA Form], Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vi) [of the ISDA Form], Not
Applicable Section 5(a)(vii) [of the ISDA Form], Not Applicable Section 5(b)(v) [of the ISDA Form], Not Applicable

Cross-Default The Cross-Default
provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) of the ISDA Form will not apply to either party.

Credit Event Upon Merger The Credit Event Upon
Merger provisions of Section 5(b)(v) of the ISDA Form will not apply to either party.

Automatic Early Termination: The Automatic Early
Termination of Section 6(a) of the ISDA Form will not apply to either party.

Termination Currency: United States Dollars.

Additional Termination Event: Will apply to Seller and
to Counterparty. The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute an Additional Termination Event:

(a) The Business Combination fails to close
on or before the Outside Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) (as such Outside Date may be amended or extended from time to
time); and

(b) The Merger Agreement is terminated prior to the closing
of the Business Combination; and

(c) If it is, or, as a consequence of a change in law,
regulation or interpretation, it becomes or will become, unlawful for the Seller or Counterparty to perform any of its obligations
contemplated by the Transaction; and

(d) Upon the occurrence of any Material Adverse Change
of the Counterparty; and

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Counterpartys obligations
set forth under the captions, Reimbursement of Legal Fees and Other Expenses, and Other Provisions (d)
Indemnification shall survive any termination due to the occurrence of either of the foregoing Additional Termination Events.
Upon any termination that occurs following the closing of the Business Combination due to paragraph (c) or (d) above, Counterparty
shall be obligated to promptly accept for redemption all of Sellers Shares in exchange for the Initial Price. Except as set
forth in the immediately preceding sentence, in all other circumstances no further payments or deliveries shall be due by either
Seller to Counterparty or Counterparty to Seller in respect of the Transaction, including without limitation in respect of any settlement
amount, breakage costs or any amounts representing the future value of the Transaction, and neither party shall have any further
obligation under the Transaction and, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, no payments will have accrued or be due
under Sections 2, 6 or 11 of the ISDA Form.

Material Adverse Change: Means any change, event, or occurrence, that, individually
or when aggregated with other changes, events, or occurrences has had a materially adverse effect on the business, assets, financial
condition or results of operations of the Counterparty and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however, that no change,
event, occurrence or effect arising out of or related to any of the following, alone or in combination, shall be taken into account
in determining whether a Material Adverse Change pursuant has occurred: (i) acts of war (whether or not declared), sabotage, military
or para-military actions or terrorism, or any escalation or worsening of any such acts, or changes in global, national or regional
political or social conditions; (ii) earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados, epidemics and pandemics declared by the World Health Organization
or any other reputable third party organization (including the COVID-19 virus) or other natural or man-made disasters; (iii) changes
attributable to the public announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated herein (including the impact thereof on relationships
with customers, suppliers, employees or governmental authorities); (iv) changes or proposed changes in law, regulations or interpretations
thereof or decisions by courts or any governmental authority; (v) changes or proposed changes in GAAP (or any interpretation thereof);
(vi) any downturn in general economic conditions, including changes in the credit, debt, securities, financial, capital or reinsurance
markets (including changes in interest or exchange rates or the price of any security, market index or commodity), in each case,
in the United States or anywhere else in the world; (vii) events or conditions generally affecting the industries and markets in
which the Counterparty operates; (viii) any failure to meet any projections, forecasts, estimates, budgets or financial or operating
predictions of revenue, earnings, cash flow or cash position, provided that this clause (viii) shall not prevent a determination
that any change, event, or occurrence underlying such failure (unless otherwise excluded by the other clauses of this proviso) has
resulted in a Material Adverse Change; or (ix) any actions expressly required to be taken, or expressly required not to be taken,
pursuant to the terms hereof; provided, however, that if a change or effect related to clause (ii) or clauses (iv) through (vii)
disproportionately adversely affects the Counterparty and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, compared to other Persons operating
in the same industry as the Counterparty, then such disproportionate impact may be taken into account in determining whether a Material
Adverse Change has occurred.

Governing Law: New York law (without reference to choice of law doctrine).

Credit Support Document: With respect to Seller and Counterparty, None.

Credit Support Provider: With respect to Seller and Counterparty, None.

Local Business Days: Seller specifies the following places for the purposes
of the definition of Local Business Day as it applies to it: New York.

Counterparty specifies the following places for the purposes
of the definition of Local Business Day as it applies to it: New York.

Representations, Warranties and Covenants

1. Each of Counterparty and Seller represents
and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with, the other as of the date on which it enters
into the Transaction that (in the absence of any written agreement between the parties that
expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for the Transaction):

(a) Non-Reliance. It is acting
for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into the Transaction
and as to whether the Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment
and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication
(written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter
into the Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the
terms and conditions of the Transaction will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation
to enter into the Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other
party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the Transaction.

(b) Assessment and Understanding.
It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through
independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and
risks of the Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of the Transaction.

(c) Non-Public Information.
It is in compliance with Section 10(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act).

(d) Eligible Contract Participant.
It is an eligible contract participant under, and as defined in, the Commodity
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(18)) and CFTC regulations (17 CFR 1.3).

(e) Tax Characterization.
It shall treat the Transaction as a derivative financial contract for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, and it shall not take any action or tax return filing position contrary to
this characterization.

(f) Private Placement. It
(i) is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Regulation D as promulgated
under the Securities Act, (ii) is entering into the Transaction for its own account without
a view to the distribution or resale thereof and (iii) understands that the assignment, transfer
or other disposition of the Transaction has not been and will not be registered under the
Securities Act.

(g) Investment Company Act.
It is not and, after giving effect to the Transaction, will not be required to register
as an investment company under, and as such term is defined in, the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(h) Authorization. The Transaction
has been entered into pursuant to authority granted by its board of directors or other governing
authority. It has no internal policy, whether written or oral, that would prohibit it from
entering into any aspect of the Transaction, including, but not limited to, the purchase
of Shares to be made in connection therewith.

2. Counterparty represents and warrants to, and
covenants and agrees with Seller as of the date on which it enters into the Transaction that:

(a) Non-Reliance. Without
limiting the generality of Section 13.1 of the Equity Definitions, Counterparty acknowledges
that Seller is not making any representations or warranties or taking any position or expressing
any view with respect to the treatment of the Transaction under any accounting standards.

(b) Solvency. Counterparty
is, and shall be as of the date of any payment or delivery by Counterparty under the Transaction,
solvent and able to pay its debts as they come due, with assets having a fair value greater
than liabilities and with capital sufficient to carry on the businesses in which it engages.
Counterparty: (i) has not engaged in and will not engage in any business or transaction after
which the property remaining with it will be unreasonably small in relation to its business,
(ii) has not incurred and does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay as they
mature, and (iii) as a result of entering into and performing its obligations under the Transaction,
(a) it has not violated and will not violate any relevant state law provision applicable
to the acquisition or redemption by an issuer of its own securities and (b) it would not
be nor would it be rendered insolvent (as such term is defined under Section
101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code).

(c) Public Reports. As of
the Trade Date, Counterparty is in material compliance with its reporting obligations under
the Exchange Act, and all reports and other documents filed by Counterparty with the Securities
and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act, when considered as a whole (with the
most recent such reports and documents deemed to amend inconsistent statements contained
in any earlier such reports and documents), do not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.

(d) No Distribution. Counterparty
is not entering into the Transaction to facilitate a distribution of the Shares (or any security
that may be converted into or exercised or exchanged for Shares, or whose value under its
terms may in whole or in significant part be determined by the value of the Shares) or in
connection with any future issuance of securities.

(e) SEC Documents. The Counterparty
shall make reasonable best efforts to comply with the Securities and Exchange Commissions Compliance
and Disclosure Interpretation No. 166.01 (Interpretation 166.01) for all relevant disclosure in connection with
this Confirmation and the Transaction, and will not file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any Form 8-K, Registration Statement
on Form S-4 (including any post- effective amendment thereof), proxy statement, or other document that includes any disclosure regarding
this Confirmation or the Transaction without consulting with and reasonably considering any comments received from Seller, provided that,
no consultation shall be required with respect to any subsequent disclosures that are substantially similar to prior disclosures by Counterparty
that were reviewed by Seller.

3. Seller represents and warrants to, and covenants
and agrees with Counterparty as of the date on which it enters into the Transaction and each
other date specified that:

(a) Regulatory Filings. It,
together with each other person in the Seller Group (as defined in Other Provisions
below), is in compliance with all material regulatory filings relating to the Counterparty
and the Transaction. Seller covenants that it will make all regulatory filings that it is
required by law or regulation to make with respect to the Transaction including, without
limitation, as may be required by Section 13 or Section 16 under the Exchange Act.

(b) Shareholder Vote. Seller
agrees to not vote any Shares it holds as of the applicable record date in connection with
the Business Combination at any meeting of the Counterpartys shareholders (or to provide
a written consent for that purpose with respect to such Shares) if it would be in violation
of Interpretation 166.01 to do so.

(c) Shorting. Seller agrees
not effect any Short Sales in respect of the Shares prior to the earlier of a) the Maturity
Date and b) the cancellation of the Transaction. Short Sales means all short
sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act,
whether or not against the box, and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward
sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, put equivalent positions
(as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) and similar arrangements (including
on a total return basis).

Transactions by Seller in the Shares

Seller hereby waives the redemption rights (Redemption
Rights) set forth in Counterpartys memorandum and articles of association in connection with the Business Combination
with respect to the Public Shares save for any redemption following the Additional Termination Events set out in (c) and (d) in the Additional
Termination Event section above.

No Arrangements

Seller and Counterparty each acknowledge and
agree that: (i) there are no voting, hedging or settlement arrangements between Seller and Counterparty with respect to any Shares, other
than those set forth herein; (ii) Counterparty will not be entitled to any voting rights in respect of any of the Shares underlying the
Transaction; and (iii) Counterparty will not seek to influence Seller with respect to the voting of any Hedge Positions of Seller consisting
of Shares.

Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act

In connection with Section 739 of the Wall Street
Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010 (WSTAA), the parties hereby agree that neither the enactment of WSTAA
or any regulation under WSTAA, nor any requirement under WSTAA or an amendment made by WSTAA, nor any similar legal certainty provision
in any legislation enacted, or rule or regulation promulgated, on or after the date of this Confirmation, shall limit or otherwise impair
either partys otherwise applicable rights to terminate, renegotiate, modify, amend or supplement this Confirmation or the ISDA
Form, as applicable, arising from a termination event, force majeure, illegality, increased costs, regulatory change or similar event
under this Confirmation, the Equity Definitions incorporated herein, or the ISDA Form.

Address for Notices

Notice to Seller:

Harraden Circle Investments LLC

299 Park Avenue, 21st Floor

New York, NY 10171 

Attention: Frederick V. Fortmiller, Jr.

Email: ffortmiller@harraden.com

With a mandatory copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP 

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attn: Giovanni Caruso 

Telephone No.: (212) 407-4866

Email: gcaruso@loeb.com

Notice to Counterparty:

Chenghe Acquisition I Co. 

38 Beach Road #29-11 

South Beach Tower 

Singapore

Attention: 

Email: chenghe@chenghecap.com

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

White & Case LLP 

1221 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY, 10020-1095

The United States 

Attention: Joel Rubinstein; Jessica Zhou; Steven Sha 

Email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com; jessica.zhou@whitecase.com;
steven.sha@whitecase.com

Notice to Target:

Femco Steel Technology Co., Ltd. 

No. 3, Gongye 1st Rd., Minxiong Township, Chiayi County 621018, Taiwan 

Attention: Marie Chao 

Email: marie.chao@fstshafts.com.tw

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Landi Law Firm 

15F-1, No. 105, Guoan 1st Rd, Xitun District 

Taichung City 407, Taiwan 

Attention: Francis Chang 

Email: FC@landilawyer.com.tw

Other Provisions.

(a) Rule 10b5-1.

(i) Counterparty represents and warrants
to Seller that Counterparty is not entering into the Transaction to create actual or apparent
trading activity in the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the
Shares) or to raise or depress or otherwise manipulate the price of the Shares (or any security
convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) for the purpose of inducing the purchase
or sale of such securities or otherwise in violation of the Exchange Act, and Counterparty
represents and warrants to Seller that Counterparty has not entered into or altered, and
agrees that Counterparty will not enter into or alter, any corresponding or hedging transaction
or position with respect to the Shares. Counterparty acknowledges that it is the intent of
the parties that the Transaction comply with the requirements of paragraphs (c)(1)(i)(A)
and (B) of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act (Rule 10b5-1) and the
Transaction shall be interpreted to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c).

(ii) Counterparty agrees that it will not
seek to control or influence Sellers decision to make any purchases or sales
(within the meaning of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B)(3)) under the Transaction, including, without
limitation, Sellers decision to enter into any hedging transactions. Counterparty
represents and warrants that it has consulted with its own advisors as to the legal aspects
of its adoption and implementation of this Confirmation and the Transaction under Rule 10b5-1.

(iii) Counterparty acknowledges and agrees
that any amendment, modification, waiver or termination of this Confirmation must be effected
in accordance with the requirements for the amendment or termination of a plan
as defined in Rule 10b5-1(c). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Counterparty
acknowledges and agrees that any such amendment, modification, waiver or termination shall
be made in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule
10b-5, and no such amendment, modification or waiver shall be made at any time at which Counterparty,
or any officer, director, manager or similar person of Counterparty is aware of any material
non-public information regarding Counterparty or the Shares.

(b) [Reserved.]

(c) Transfer or Assignment. The
rights and duties under this Confirmation may not be transferred or assigned by any party
hereto without the prior written consent of the other party, such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, subject to the immediately following sentence. If at any time following the closing
of the Business Combination at which (A) the Section 16 Percentage exceeds 9.9%, or (B) the
Share Amount exceeds the Applicable Share Limit (if any applies) (any such condition described
in clause (A) or (B), an Excess Ownership Position), Seller is unable
to effect a transfer or assignment of a portion of the Transaction to a third party on pricing
terms reasonably acceptable to Seller and within a time period reasonably acceptable to Seller
such that no Excess Ownership Position exists, then Seller may designate any Exchange Business
Day as an Early Termination Date with respect to a portion of the Transaction (the Terminated
Portion), such that following such partial termination no Excess Ownership Position
exists. In the event that Seller so designates an Early Termination Date with respect to
a portion of the Transaction, a portion of the Shares with respect to the Transaction shall
be delivered to Counterparty as if the Early Termination Date was the Valuation Date in respect
of a Transaction having terms identical to the Transaction and a Number of Shares equal to
the number of Shares underlying the Terminated Portion. The Section 16 Percentage
as of any day is the fraction, expressed as a percentage, as determined by Seller, (A) the
numerator of which is the number of Shares that Seller and each person subject to aggregation
of Shares with Seller under Section 13 or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and rules promulgated
thereunder and all persons who may form a group (within the meaning of Rule
13d-5(b)(1) of the Exchange Act) with Seller directly or indirectly beneficially own (as
defined under Section 13 or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and rules promulgated thereunder)
(the Seller Group ) and (B) the denominator of which is the number of
Shares outstanding.

The Share Amount
as of any day is the number of Shares that Seller and any person whose ownership position would be aggregated with that of Seller and
any group (however designated) of which Seller is a member (Seller or any such person or group, a Seller Person) under
any law, rule, regulation, regulatory order or organizational documents or contracts of Counterparty that are, in each case, applicable
to ownership of Shares (Applicable Restrictions), owns, beneficially owns, constructively owns, controls, holds
the power to vote or otherwise meets a relevant definition of ownership under any Applicable Restriction, as determined by Seller in
its sole discretion.

The Applicable Share Limit
means a number of Shares equal to (A) the minimum number of Shares that could give rise to reporting or registration obligations or other
requirements under Section 16 of the Exchange Act including obtaining prior approval from any person or entity) of a Seller Person, or
could result in an adverse effect on a Seller Person, under any Applicable Restriction, as determined by Seller in its sole discretion,
minus

(B) 0.1% of the number of Shares outstanding.

(d) Indemnification. Counterparty
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Seller, its affiliates and its assignees and their
respective directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons (each such person
being an Indemnified Party) from and against any and all losses (but
not including financial losses to an Indemnified Party relating to the economic terms of
the Transaction provided that the Counterparty performs its obligations under this Confirmation
in accordance with its terms), claims, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof),
joint or several, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnified Party arising out of,
in connection with, or relating to, the execution or delivery of this Confirmation, the performance
by Counterparty of its obligations under the Transaction, any breach of any covenant or representation
made by Counterparty in this Confirmation or the ISDA Form, regulatory filings made by Counterparty
related to the Transaction (other than as relates to any information provided by or on behalf
of Seller or its affiliates), or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;
provided, however, that Counterparty has no indemnification obligations with respect to any
loss, claim, damage, liability or expense related to the manner in which Seller sells, or
arising out of any sales by Seller of, any Shares owned by Seller. Counterparty will not
be liable under the foregoing indemnification provision to the extent that any loss, claim,
damage, liability or expense is found in a nonappealable judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction to have resulted from Sellers material breach of any covenant, representation
or other obligation in this Confirmation or the ISDA Form or from Sellers willful
misconduct, gross negligence or bad faith in performing the services that are subject of
the Transaction. If for any reason the foregoing indemnification is unavailable to any Indemnified
Party or insufficient to hold harmless any Indemnified Party, then Counterparty shall contribute,
to the maximum extent permitted by law, to the amount paid or payable by the Indemnified
Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability. In addition (and in addition
to any other Reimbursement of Legal Fees and other Expenses contemplated by this Confirmation),
Counterparty will reimburse any Indemnified Party for all reasonable, out-of-pocket, expenses
(including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) as they are incurred in connection with
the investigation of, preparation for or defense or settlement of any pending or threatened
claim or any action, suit or proceeding arising therefrom, whether or not such Indemnified
Party is a party thereto and whether or not such claim, action, suit or proceeding is initiated
or brought by or on behalf of Counterparty. Counterparty also agrees that no Indemnified
Party shall have any liability to Counterparty or any person asserting claims on behalf of
or in right of Counterparty in connection with or as a result of any matter referred to in
this Confirmation except to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses
incurred by Counterparty result from such Indemnified Partys breach of any covenant,
representation or other obligation in this Confirmation or the ISDA Form or from the gross
negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the Indemnified Party or breach of any U.S.
federal or state securities laws or the rules, regulations or applicable interpretations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive
the completion of the Transaction contemplated by this Confirmation and any assignment and/or
delegation of the Transaction made pursuant to the ISDA Form or this Confirmation shall inure
to the benefit of any permitted assignee of Seller.

(e) Amendments to Equity Definitions.

(i) Section 11.2(a) of the Equity Definitions
is hereby amended by (i) replacing the words a diluting or concentrative with
the word an and adding the phrase or such Transaction at the
end thereof;

(ii) The first sentence of Section 11.2(c)
of the Equity Definitions, prior to clause (A) thereof, is hereby amended to read as follows:
(c) If Calculation Agent Adjustment is specified as the Method of Adjustment
in the related Confirmation of a Share Option Transaction or Share Forward Transaction, then,
following the announcement or occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation
Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has an economic effect on the
Transaction and, if so, will (i) make appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more
of: and the portion of such sentence immediately preceding clause (ii) thereof is
hereby amended by deleting the words diluting or concentrative.

(iii) Section 11.2(e)(vii) of the Equity
Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the words a diluting or concentrative
with the word an and (ii) adding the phrase or the relevant Transaction
at the end thereof;

(iv) Section 12.6(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions
is hereby amended by (i) deleting from the fourth line thereof the word or
after the word official and inserting a comma therefor, and (ii) deleting the
semi-colon at the end of subsection (B) thereof and inserting the following words therefor
or (C) the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 5(a)(vii)(1) through
(9) of the ISDA Form with respect to that Issuer;

(v) Section 12.6(c)(ii) of the Equity Definitions
is hereby amended by replacing the words the Transaction will be cancelled,
in the first line with the words Seller will have the right, which it must exercise
or refrain from exercising, as applicable, in good faith acting in a commercially reasonable
manner, to cancel the Transaction,; and

(vi) Section 12.9(b)(i) of the Equity Definitions
is hereby amended by (i) replacing either party may elect with Seller
may elect and (ii) replacing notice to the other party with notice
to Counterparty in the first sentence of such section.

(f) Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party waives, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit,
action or proceeding relating to the Transaction. Each party (i) certifies that no representative,
agent or attorney of either party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would
not, in the event of such a suit, action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii)
acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to enter into the Transaction, as applicable,
by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications provided herein.

(g) Attorney and Other Fees. In the event of any legal action
initiated by any party arising under or out of, in connection with or in respect of, this Confirmation
or the Transaction, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees, costs
and expenses incurred in such action, as determined and fixed by the court.

(h) Tax Disclosure. Effective from the date of commencement
of discussions concerning the Transaction, Counterparty and each of its employees, representatives,
or other agents may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment
and tax structure of the Transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax
analyses) that are provided to Counterparty relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.

(i) Securities Contract; Swap Agreement. The parties hereto
intend for (i) the Transaction to be (a) a securities contract as defined in the Bankruptcy
Code, in which case each payment and delivery made pursuant to the Transaction is a termination
value, payment amount or other transfer obligation within the meaning
of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code and a settlement payment, within the meaning of
Section 546 of the Bankruptcy Code, and (b) a swap agreement as defined in the Bankruptcy
Code, with respect to which each payment and delivery hereunder or in connection herewith is a termination
value, payment amount or other transfer obligation within the meaning
of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code and a transfer, as such term is defined in Section
101(54) of the Bankruptcy Code and a payment or other transfer of property within the
meaning of Sections 362 and 546 of the Bankruptcy Code, and the parties hereto to be entitled to the
protections afforded by, among other Sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(17), 546(e), 546(g), 555
and 560 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) a partys right
to liquidate, terminate and accelerate the Transaction and to exercise any other remedies upon the occurrence of any Event of
Default under the ISDA Form with respect to the other party to constitute a contractual right as described in the
Bankruptcy Code, and (iii) each payment and delivery of cash, securities or other property hereunder to otherwise constitute a
margin payment or settlement payment and a transfer as defined in the Bankruptcy Code.

(i) Process Agent.
For the purposes of Section 13(c) of the ISDA Form:

Seller appoints as its Process Agent: None

Counterparty appoints as its Process Agent: None.

[Signature page follows]

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the
terms of our agreement by executing a copy of this Confirmation and returning it to us at your earliest convenience.

Very truly yours,

HARRADEN CIRCLE INVESTORS, LP

HARRADEN CIRCLE SPECIAL

OPPORTUNITIES, LP

By: /s/ Frederick V. Fortmiller

Name: Frederick V. Fortmiller

Title: Authorized Signatory

Agreed and accepted by: 

Chenghe Acquisition I Co. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

FST Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Femco Steel Technology Co., Ltd. 

By: /s/ David Chuang 

Name: David Chuang 

Title: Chairman 

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the
terms of our agreement by executing a copy of this Confirmation and returning it to us at your earliest convenience.

Very truly yours,

HARRADEN CIRCLE INVESTORS, LP

HARRADEN CIRCLE SPECIAL

OPPORTUNITIES, LP

By: /s/ Frederick V. Fortmiller 

Name: Frederick V. Fortmiller 

Title: Authorized Signatory

Agreed and accepted by:

Chenghe Acquisition I Co.

By: /s/ Shibin Wang 

Name: Shibin Wang 

Title: Chairman 

FST Corp. 

By: /s/ David Chuang 

Name: David Chuang 

Title: Director 

SCHEDULE A

FORM OF PRICING DATE NOTICE

Date: December
[*], 2024

To: Chenghe
Acquisition I Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability (Counterparty)

Address:

Phone:

From: Harraden
Circle Investors, LP, Harraden Circle Special Opportunities, LP (collectively Seller)

Re: OTC
Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction

1. This Pricing Date Notice supplements, forms
part of, and is subject to the Confirmation Re: [Prepaid Share Forward Transaction] dated
as of December, [*] 2024 (the Confirmation) between Counterparty and
Seller, as amended and supplemented from time to time. All provisions contained in the Confirmation
govern this Pricing Date Notice except as expressly modified below.

2. The purpose of this Pricing Date Notice is
to confirm certain terms and conditions relating to the transaction described in the Confirmation.

Pricing Date: December [*] , 2024

Number of Shares:[____]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>latgu-20241227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>latgu-20241227_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>latgu-20241227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Unitseachconsistingofone Class Aordinaryshare [Member] 

Class Aordinarysharesparvaluepershare [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>latgu-20241227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 27, 2024

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 27, 2024

Entity File Number 001-41246

Entity Registrant Name Chenghe Acquisition I Co.

Entity Central Index Key 0001868269

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1605340

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 38 Beach Road #29-11

Entity Address, City or Town South Beach Tower

Entity Address, Country SG

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 189767

City Area Code 65

Local Phone Number 9851 8611

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name LatAmGrowth SPAC

Unitseachconsistingofone Class Aordinaryshare [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol LATGU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class Aordinarysharesparvaluepershare [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol LATG

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=LATGU_UnitseachconsistingofoneClassAordinaryshareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=LATGU_ClassAordinarysharesparvaluepershareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://latamgrowth.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

latgu-20241227.xsd 
latgu-20241227_def.xml 
latgu-20241227_lab.xml 
latgu-20241227_pre.xml 
tm251551d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-000136-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm251551d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001868269 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

0001868269 

LATGU:UnitseachconsistingofoneClassAordinaryshareMember 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

0001868269 

LATGU:ClassAordinarysharesparvaluepershareMember 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001868269 
8-K 
2024-12-27 
Chenghe Acquisition I Co. 
E9 
001-41246 
98-1605340 
38 Beach Road #29-11 
South Beach Tower 
SG 
189767 
65 
9851 8611 
LatAmGrowth SPAC 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
LATGU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
LATG 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>