<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-006735.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-006735.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127080035
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-006735
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250121
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001023994
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-LUMBER & OTHER CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS [5030]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				954463937
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38037
		FILM NUMBER:		25555802

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 MONTAGUE STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 240-4235

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 MONTAGUE STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SG BLOCKS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CDSI HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PC411 INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961001
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228778-8k_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000102399400010239942025-01-212025-01-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 21, 2025

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-38037 95-4463937

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

990 Biscayne Blvd.

#501,
Office 12

Miami,
FL33132

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code)

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: 646-240-4235

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 SGBX The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 21, 2025, Safe & Green Holdings Corp. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the ELOC
Purchase Agreement) with Alumni Capital LP (the Purchaser), whereby the Company has the right, but not the obligation,
to sell to the ELOC Purchaser, and the ELOC Purchaser is obligated to purchase, up to an aggregate of $100 million (the Commitment
Amount) of newly issued shares (the ELOC Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share
(Common Stock).

The
Company does not have a right to commence any sales of Common Stock to the ELOC Purchaser under the ELOC Purchase Agreement until the
time when all of the conditions to the Companys right to commence sales of Common Stock to the ELOC Purchaser set forth in the
ELOC Purchase Agreement have been satisfied, including that a registration statement of such shares is declared effective by the SEC
and the final form of prospectus is filed with the SEC (the Commencement Date). Over the period ending on the earlier of
June 30, 2026, or the date on which the Purchaser shall have purchased ELOC Shares pursuant to the ELOC Purchase Agreement for an aggregate
purchase price of the Commitment Amount, the Company will control the timing and amount of any sales of ELOC Shares to the ELOC Purchaser.
Actual sales of shares of Common Stock to the ELOC Purchaser under the ELOC Purchaser Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to
be determined by the Company from time to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of the Common Stock and
determinations made by the Company as to appropriate sources of funding.

The
purchase price of the shares of ELOC Shares that the Company elects to sell to the ELOC Purchaser pursuant to the ELOC Purchase Agreement
will be equal to the lowest traded price of Common Stock during the five (5) business days prior to the applicable closing date multiplied
by 90%.

In
no event may the Company issue to the ELOC Purchaser under the ELOC Purchase Agreement more than the 4.99% of the total number of the
Companys shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the execution of the ELOC Purchase Agreement (the
Applicable Exchange Cap), unless the Company obtains stockholder approval to issue shares of Common Stock in excess of
the Applicable Exchange Cap. In any event, the ELOC Purchase Agreement provides that the Company may not issue or sell any shares of
Common Stock under the ELOC Purchase Agreement if such issuance or sale would breach any applicable Nasdaq rules.

The
ELOC Purchase Agreement prohibits the Company from directing the Company to purchase any shares of Common Stock if those shares, when
aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by the ELOC Purchaser (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), would result in the ELOC Purchaser beneficially owning more than 4.99% of the outstanding
Common Stock.

The
ELOC Purchase Agreement provides that the Company shall file a registration statement registering the resale of the maximum number of
ELOC Shares as shall be permitted by applicable law within five (5) business days following the date of the ELOC Purchase Agreement.
The Company shall use its best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective within 120 days of the date
of the ELOC Purchase Agreement.

This
Current Report shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall such securities be offered or
sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements and certificates evidencing
such shares contain a legend stating the same.

The
foregoing description of the ELOC Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the ELOC Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated
by reference herein.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 21, 2025, by and between Safe & Green Holdings Corp. and Alumni Capital LP

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SAFE
& GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

Dated: January 27, 2025 By: /s/ Patricia
Kaelin

Name: Patricia Kaelin

Title: Chief Financial Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022877801ex10-1_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 21, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. AND ALUMNI CAPITAL LP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of January 21, 2025, by and between Safe &
Green Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Alumni Capital LP, a Delaware
limited partnership (the Investor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company wishes to sell to the Investor, and the Investor wishes
to buy from the Company, up to $100,000,000 of shares (the Shares) of common stock, $0.01 par
value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock).

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated
(such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

Affiliate
shall mean, with respect to a Party, any individual, a corporation or any other legal entity, directly or indirectly, controlling, controlled
by or under common control with such Party. For purpose of this definition, the term control, as used with respect
to any corporation or other entity, means (a) direct or indirect ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the securities or other
ownership interests representing the equity voting stock or general partnership or membership interest of such corporation or other entity
or (b) the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such corporation or other entity, whether through
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Agreement
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Bankruptcy
Law shall mean Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 8.2(f).

Bloomberg
shall mean Bloomberg, L.P.

Business
Day shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Common Stock
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Clearing
Costs shall mean all of the Investors broker and Transfer Agent costs with respect to the deposit of the Purchase
Notice Securities.

Closing
shall mean any one of the closings of a purchase and sale of Purchase Notice Securities pursuant to Section 2.3(c).

Closing
Date shall mean the date on which a Closing occurs, which shall occur no later than five (5) Business Days after delivery
of a Purchase Notice and the corresponding Purchase Notice Securities.

Commitment
Amount shall mean $100,000,000.

Commitment
Period shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date and ending on the earlier of (i) June 30, 2026, or (ii)
the date on which the Investor shall have purchased Securities pursuant to this Agreement for an aggregate purchase price of the Commitment
Amount.

Company
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Current Report has the meaning set forth
in Section 6.2.

Custodian
shall mean any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Damages
shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost, and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and
disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation).

Dispute
Submission Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.16(a).

DRS shall
mean the DTCs Direct Registration System.

DRS
Eligible shall mean that (a) the Shares are eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs operational arrangements,
including, without limitation, transfer through DTCs DRS system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the
DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Purchase Notice
Securities are otherwise eligible for delivery via DRS, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery
of the Purchase Notice Securities, as applicable, via DRS.

DRS
Shares shall mean Shares that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction
on resale, and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DRS account with DTC under
the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

DTC
shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

DTC/FAST
Program shall mean the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

DWAC
shall mean Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC.

2

DWAC
Eligible shall mean that (a) the Shares are eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs operational arrangements,
including, without limitation, transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the
DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Purchase Notice
Securities are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery
of the Purchase Notice Securities, as applicable, via DWAC.

DWAC
Shares shall mean Shares that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction
on resale, and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account with DTC under
the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange
Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(g).

Execution Date shall mean the
date of the last signature of this Agreement.

FINRA shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc.

Future SEC Documents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(k).

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.4.

Indemnifying Party shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 7.4.

Initial
Registration Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

Investor shall
have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Lien
shall mean a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right, or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company that
is material and adverse to the Company and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere
with the ability of the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under any Transaction Document.

New
Registration Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

Party shall
mean a party to this Agreement.

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

3

Principal
Market shall mean any of the national securities exchanges (i.e. NYSE, NYSE American, Nasdaq), or principal quotation
systems (i.e. OTCQX, OTCQB, OTC Pink), or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is at the time the principal
trading platform or market for the Common Stock.

Purchase
Notice Amount shall mean the product of the number of Purchase Notice Securities referenced in the Purchase Notice multiplied
by the applicable Purchase Price in accordance with Section 2.1.

Purchase
Notice shall mean a written notice from Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, to the Investor
setting forth the Purchase Notice Securities which the Company requires the Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Purchase
Notice Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.3(a).

Purchase
Notice Limitation shall mean $500,000, which may be waived up to $5,000,000 upon mutual agreement between
Investor and Company.

Purchase
Notice Securities shall mean all Common Stock that the Company shall be entitled to issue as set forth in all Purchase
Notices in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Purchase
Price shall mean the lowest traded price of Securities during the five (5) Business Days prior a Closing Date multiplied
by ninety percent (90%).

Registration
Expenses shall mean all expenses incurred in effecting any registration pursuant to this Agreement, including, without
limitation, all registration, qualification and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with FINRA, and
any fees of the securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are then listed or quoted), printing expenses,
escrow fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, counsel for the Investor, blue sky fees and expenses (including reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel for the Investor in connection with blue sky compliance), and any fees and disbursements of accountants
retained by the Company incident to or required by any such registration.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

Registrable
Securities shall mean (i) the Purchase Notice Securities and (ii) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable
with respect to any such Securities by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, capitalization,
merger, consolidation or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities
shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (1) a registration statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become
effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of, or exchanged in accordance with
such registration statement; (2) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (3) such securities have been sold pursuant to
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act; or (4) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter
in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

4

Regulation
D shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule
144 shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act.

Required
Dispute Documentation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.16(a).

SEC shall
mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC
Documents shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5.

Securities
shall mean the Purchase Notice Securities to be issued to the Investor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Equivalents shall mean any securities of the Company entitling the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Subsidiary
shall mean any Person that the Company wholly owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the
voting stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated
under the Securities Act.

Transaction
Documents shall mean this Agreement and all exhibits hereto.

Transfer
Agent shall mean the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the
Company.

VWAP
shall mean, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or,
if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities
market on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New
York time, as determined by the Investor or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security
in any principal quotation system operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which
is at the time the principal trading platform or market for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and
ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as determined by the Investor, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported, the average
of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the pink
sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases,
the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Investor. If the
Company and the Investor are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance
with the procedures in Section 10.16.

5

All
such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share dividend, share split, share combination, recapitalization, or other
similar transaction during such period.

ARTICLE
II

PURCHASE
AND SALE OF SECURITIES

Section
2.1 Purchase Notices. Subject to the conditions set forth herein, at any time during the Commitment Period, the Company shall
have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a Purchase Notice from time to time,
to purchase, and the Investor shall have the obligation to purchase from the Company, the number of Purchase Notice Securities set forth
on the Purchase Notice at the Purchase Price, provided that the amount of Purchase Notice Securities shall not exceed the Purchase Notice
Limitation or the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth in Section 8.2(f). The Company may not deliver a subsequent Purchase
Notice until the Closing of an active Purchase Notice, except if waived by the Investor in writing.

Section
2.2 Deliveries; Closing.

(a) 
Purchase Notice Delivery. In accordance with Section 2.1 and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in
Section 8.2, the Company shall deliver the Purchase Notice Securities as DWAC Shares or DRS Shares to the Investor pursuant to
Section 2.3(b) alongside the delivery of each Purchase Notice by email at the Investors email address set forth in Section
10.17 and by overnight courier at the Investors address set forth in Section 10.17. A Purchase Notice shall be deemed
delivered on (i) the Business Day that both the Purchase Notice Securities are received and the Purchase Notice has been received by
email by the Investor if both conditions are met on or prior to 8:00 a.m. New York time or (ii) the next Business Day if the conditions
are met after 8:00 a.m. New York time on a Business Day or at any time on a day which is not a Business Day (the Purchase
Notice Date).

(b) 
Delivery of Purchase Notice Securities. No later than 8:00 a.m. New York time on the Purchase Notice Date, the Company shall deliver
the Purchase Notice Securities as DWAC Shares or DRS Shares to the Investor.

(c) 
Closing. The Investor shall pay to the Company the Purchase Notice Amount with respect to the applicable Purchase Notice as full
payment for such Purchase Notice Securities purchased by the Investor under the applicable Purchase Notice via wire transfer of immediately
available funds as set forth below on the Closing Date. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock pursuant
to any Purchase Notice. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round
such fraction of a share of Common Stock up or down to the nearest whole Share. All payments made under this Agreement shall be made
in lawful money of the United States of America by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as the Company may from
time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Whenever any amount or issuance of Common
Stock expressed to be due by the terms of this Agreement is due on any day that is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due
on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day.

6

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

The
Investor represents and warrants the following to the Company:

Section
3.1 Intent. The Investor is entering into this Agreement and purchasing the Securities for its own account, and not as nominee
or agent, for investment purposes and not with a view towards, or for a sale in connection with, a distribution (as such
term is defined in the Securities Act), and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether or not legally binding) at any time to sell
the Securities to or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws; provided,
however, that the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with federal and state securities
laws applicable to such disposition.

Section
3.2 No Legal Advices From The Company. The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying
solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents
for legal, tax, or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities
laws of any jurisdiction.

Section
3.3 Accredited Investor. The Investor is an accredited investor (as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of
Regulation D), and the Investor has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of an investment in the Securities. The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves
a high degree of risk.

Section
3.4 Authority. The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction
Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action and
no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required. The Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been duly executed
by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation
of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating
to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
3.5 Not An Affiliate. The Investor is not an officer, director, or affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act) of the Company.

Section
3.6 Organization and Standing. The Investor is an entity duly formed, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware with full right and limited partnership or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

7

Section
3.7 Absence of Conflicts. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any law,
rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any
indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the Investor or any of its assets is
bound, or conflict with or constitute a material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien
pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the
Investor to any third party, or (d) require the approval of any third-party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material
contract, instrument, agreement, relationship or legal obligation to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets,
operations or management may be subject.

Section
3.8 Disclosure; Access to Information. The Investor has had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on
behalf of the Company and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company. The Investor understands
that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk. The Investor is able to bear the economic risk of an investment
in the Securities including a total loss. The Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities. The Investor understands that no United States
federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the
Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits
of the offering of the Securities.

Section
3.9 Manner of Sale. At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional
meeting, television advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertising.

Section
3.10 No Prior Short Selling. At no time prior to the date of this Agreement has any of the Investor, its agents, representatives
or affiliates engaged in or effected, in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, any (i) short sale (as such term
is defined in Section 242.200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Securities or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes
a net short position with respect to the Securities or any other Companys securities.

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company represents and warrants the following to the Investor, as of the Execution Date:

Section
4.1 Organization of the Company. The Company is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business
as currently conducted. The Company is not in violation or default of any of the provisions of its organizational or charter documents.
The Company is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign company in each jurisdiction in which the nature
of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or
ingood
standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding has been
instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification. The Company has Subsidiaries as disclosed in the SEC Documents.

8

Section
4.2 Authority. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under
the Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of
the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required. The Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by
the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally
the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
4.3 Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the Company is authorized to issue 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which
6,038,382 shares are issued and outstanding. The Company has not issued any securities since its most recently filed periodic report
under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the
issuance of securities to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or
exercise of Share Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person
has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and this Agreement, there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any securities, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional securities or Share Equivalents. The issuance
and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue other securities to any Person (other than the Investor) and will not
result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities.
There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements, or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock
to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

Section
4.4 Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the
Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the
Shares under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from
the Principal Market on which the Shares are or have been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the
listing or maintenance requirements of such Principal Market. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company is and has no reason
to believe that
it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

9

Section
4.5 SEC Documents; Disclosure. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) thereof, for the one (1)
year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the
SEC Documents) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules, and regulations
applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents comply as to form and
substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other
applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial
statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may
be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates
thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal,
immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor or
its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company
understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

Section
4.6 Valid Issuances. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other
than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. Assuming the accuracy of the representations of the Investor
in Article III of this Agreement and subject to the filings described in Section 4.7 of this Agreement, the Securities
will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

10

Section
4.7 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of the
Purchase Notice Securities, do not and will not (a) result in a violation of the Companys certificate or articles of
incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an
event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation of any Lien
upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or any lock-up or similar provision of any underwriting or
similar agreement to which the Company is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or by
which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments,
accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect) nor is
the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default under any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is not
being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations that
either singly or in the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under federal,
state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with,
any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under the Transaction
Documents (other than (i) any SEC or state securities filings that may be required to be made by the Company in connection with the
execution of this Agreement or the issuance of Securities pursuant hereto, or (ii) the filing of a Listing of Additional Shares
Notification Form with the Principal Market, which, in each case, have been made or will be made in a timely manner); provided that,
for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant
representations and agreements of the Investor herein.

Section
4.8 No Material Adverse Effect. No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that has not
been disclosed in the SEC Documents.

Section
4.9 Litigation and Other Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there are no material actions, suits, investigations,
SEC inquiries, FINRA inquiries, NASDAQ inquiries, or similar proceedings (however any governmental agency may name them) pending or,
to the actual knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or its properties, nor has the Company received any
written or oral notice of any such action, suit, proceeding, SEC inquiry, FINRA inquiry, NASDAQ inquiry or investigation, which would
have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree or award against the Company has been issued by or, to
the actual knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect.
There has not been, and to the actual knowledge of the Company, there is no pending investigation by the SEC involving the Company or
any current officer or director of the Company.

Section
4.10 Acknowledgment Regarding Investors Purchase of Securities. Based solely on the Investors
representations and warranties, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an
arms length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and that the
Investor is not (i) an officer or director of the Company, or (ii) an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the
Company. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in
any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by
the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Purchase Notice Securities. The Company further
represents to the Investor that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent
evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

11

Section
4.11 No General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any Person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form of general
solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale
of the Securities.

Section
4.12 No Integrated Offering. None of the Company, its Affiliates, and any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering
of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without
limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company
are listed or designated, but excluding stockholder consents required to authorize and issue the Securities or waive any anti-dilution
provisions in connection therewith.

Section
4.13 Placement Agent; Other Covered Persons. The Company has engaged Enclave Capital, LLC as its placement agent and a fee
will be paid to Enclave at each closing.

Section
4.14 Registration Statement. At the time of the filing of the Registration Statement, New Registration Statement, or any amendment
thereto, the Company shall have no knowledge of any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact in the Registration
Statement or New Registration Statement, as the case may be, or omission (or alleged omission) of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and there
shall be no such untrue statement of material fact or omission in any effective registration statement filed or any post-effective amendment
or prospectus which is a part of the foregoing.

ARTICLE
V

COVENANTS OF INVESTOR

Section
5.1 Short Sales and Confidentiality. During the period from the Execution Date to the end of the Commitment Period, neither
the Investor, nor any Affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it, shall execute (i) any
short sale (as such term is defined in Section 242.200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Securities or (ii)
hedging transaction which establishes a net short position with respect to the Securities or any other Companys securities. For
the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after delivery of the Purchase Notice of such number of Securities
reasonably expected to be purchased under the Purchase Notice shall not be deemed a short sale. The Investor shall, until such time as
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the terms of the
Transaction Documents, maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the
Transaction Documents.

Section
5.2 Compliance with Law; Trading in Securities. The Investors trading activities with respect to the Securities shall be in compliance with
all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal Market.

12

ARTICLE
VI

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

Section
6.1 Listing of Shares. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing or quotation and
trading of the Securities on the Principal Market (including, without limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible assets, if required)
and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Principal
Market.

Section
6.2 Filing of Current Report. The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction
Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act, relating to the execution of the transactions
contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the Current Report).
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report at least two
(2) Business Days prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The Investor
shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within one (1) Business
Day from the date the Investor receives it from the Company.

ARTICLE
VII

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS

Section
7.1 Registration.

(a) 
The Company shall, not later than five (5) Business Days after the Execution Date, prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement,
on Form S-1, and take all such other actions as are necessary to ensure that there is an effective registration statement containing
a prospectus that remains current covering (and to qualify under required U.S. state securities laws, if any) the offer and sale of all
Registrable Securities by the Investor on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 (the Initial Registration Statement).
The Company shall use best efforts to cause the SEC to declare the Initial Registration Statement effective as soon as possible thereafter
but in any event within 120 days after the Execution Date, and to remain effective and the prospectus contained therein current until
the Investor ceases to hold Registrable Securities. The Initial Registration Statement shall provide for any method or combination of
methods of resale of Registrable Securities legally available to, and requested by, the Investor, and shall comply with the relevant
provisions of the Securities Act and Exchange Act. If Form S-1 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities
hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to
register the Registrable Securities on Form S-1 as soon as such form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness
of the Initial Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a registration statement on Form S-1 covering the Registrable
Securities has been declared effective by the SEC.

13

(b) 
Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 7.1(a), if the SEC informs the Company that all of the Registrable
Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration
statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform the Investor and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial
Registration Statement or a new registration statement (a New Registration Statement) as required by the
SEC, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the SEC, on Form S-1 or such other form available
to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions of Section 7.1(a); provided,
however, that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the SEC
for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the Securities Act, the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, publicly-available written or oral guidance of the SEC staff, and any comments, requirements, or requests of the SEC staff.

(c) 
If the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement or files a New Registration Statement, as the case may be, in accordance with
Section 7.1(b) above the foregoing, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC, as promptly as possible, one or
more registration statements on Form S-1 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not
registered for resale on the initial Registration Statement, as amended. The Initial Registration Statement, a New Registration Statement,
and any other registration statements pursuant to which the Company seeks to register for resale any Registrable Securities shall each
be referred to herein as a Registration Statement and collectively as the Registration Statements.

Section
7.2 Expenses of Registration. All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with registration pursuant to this Article
VII shall be borne by the Company.

Section
7.3 Registration Procedures. In the case of each registration of Registrable Securities effected by the Company pursuant to
this Article VII, the Company will keep the Investor advised in writing as to the initiation of each registration and as to the
completion thereof. At its sole expense, the Company will do the following:

(a) 
Prepare each Registration Statement, including all exhibits and financial statements required under the Securities Act to be filed therewith,
and before filing such Registration Statement, any prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto, furnish to the Investor copies
of all documents prepared to be filed, which documents shall be subject to the review of the Investor and its counsel;

(b) 
As soon as reasonably practicable, file with the SEC the Registration Statement relating to the Registrable Securities, including all
exhibits and financial statements required by the SEC to be filed therewith, and use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement(s)
to become effective under the Securities Act as soon as practicable;

(c) 
Prepare and file with the SEC such amendments, post-effective amendments, and supplements to such Registration Statement and the prospectus
used in connection with such Registration Statement as may be requested by the Investor or as may be necessary to keep such Registration
Statement effective and to comply with the provisions of theSecurities
Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement;

14

(d) 
Notify the Investor, and confirm such notice in writing and provide copies of the relevant documents, as soon as reasonably practicable
after notice thereof is received by the Company (i) when the applicable Registration Statement or any amendment thereto has been filed
or becomes effective, and when the applicable prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such prospectus has been filed, (ii) of any
written comments by the SEC or any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements
to such Registration Statement, prospectus or for additional information (whether before or after the effective date of the Registration
Statement), (iii) of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or any order
by the SEC or any other regulatory authority preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary or final prospectus or the initiation
or threatening of any proceedings for such purposes, and (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension
of any Registrable Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose;

(e) 
Furnish such number of prospectuses, including any preliminary prospectuses, and other documents incident thereto, including any amendment
of or supplement to the prospectus, as the Investor (or its counsel) from time to time may reasonably request;

(f) 
Register and qualify the securities covered by such Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions
as shall be reasonably requested by the Investor; provided, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or
as a condition thereto to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of process in any such states or jurisdictions
where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or when it is not then otherwise subject to service of process;

(g) 
Notify each seller of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement at any time when a prospectus relating thereto is
required to be delivered under the Securities Act of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in such
Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or incomplete in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, and following such notification promptly prepare and file a post-effective amendment to such Registration Statement
or a supplement to the related prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document that
would be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement and prospectus, so that such Registration Statement does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, and that such prospectus does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, and, in the case of a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement, use best efforts to cause it to be
declared effective as promptly as is reasonably practicable, and give to the Investor a written notice of such amendment or supplement,
and, upon receipt of such notice, the Investor agrees not to sell any Registrable Securities pursuantto
such Registration Statement until the Investors receipt of copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus or until it receives
further written notice from the Company that such sales may re-commence;

15

(h) 
Use its best efforts to prevent, or obtain the withdrawal of, any order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement (and
promptly notify in writing the Investor covered by such Registration Statement of the withdrawal of any such order);

(i) 
Provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all Registrable Securities registered pursuant to such Registration
Statement and a CUSIP number for all such Registrable Securities, in each case not later than the effective date of such registration;

(j) 
If requested, cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates or establishment of book
entry notations representing Registrable Securities to be sold and not bearing any restrictive legends, including without limitation,
procuring and delivering any opinions of counsel, certificates, or agreements as may be necessary to cause such Registrable Securities
to be so delivered;

(k) 
Cause all such Registrable Securities registered hereunder to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on
which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

(l) 
Promptly identify to the Investor any underwriter(s) participating in any disposition pursuant to such Registration Statement and any
attorney or accountant or other agent retained by any such underwriter or selected by the Investor, make available for inspection by
the Investor all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents, and properties of the Company, and cause the Companys
officers, directors, employees, and independent accountants to supply all information reasonably requested by any such seller, underwriter,
attorney, accountant, or agent, in each case, as necessary or advisable to verify the accuracy of the information in such Registration
Statement and to conduct appropriate due diligence in connection therewith;

(m) 
Reasonably cooperate, and cause each of its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, and
all other officers and members of the management to fully cooperate in any offering of Registrable Securities hereunder, which cooperation
shall include, without limitation, assisting with the preparation of any Registration Statement or amendment thereto with respect to
such offering and all other offering materials and related documents, and participation in meetings with underwriters, attorneys, accountants
and potential stockholders;

(n) 
Otherwise use its best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and make available to its stockholders
an earnings statement (in a form that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 under the
Securities Act or any successor rule thereto) no later than thirty (30) days after the end of the 12-month period beginning with the
first day of the Companys first full fiscal quarter after the effective date of such Registration Statement, which earnings
statement shall cover said 12-month period, and which requirement will be deemed to be satisfied if the Company timely files
complete andaccurate
information on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K under the Exchange Act and otherwise complies with Rule 158 under the Securities Act or any successor
rule thereto;

16

(o) 
Reasonably cooperate with the Investor and each underwriter or agent, if any, participating in the disposition of such Registrable Securities
and their respective counsel in connection with any filings required to be made with FINRA, and use its best efforts to make or cause
to be made any filings required to be made by an issuer with FINRA in connection with the filing of any Registration Statement;

(p) 
If requested by the Investor, the Company shall as soon as practicable (i) incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment
such information as the Investor reasonably requests to be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities,
including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the purchase price
being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; (ii) make all required
filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus
supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement if reasonably requested
by the Investor;

(q) 
Take all reasonable action to ensure that any free writing prospectus (as defined in the Securities Act) utilized in connection
with any registration covered by Article VII complies in all material respects with the Securities Act, is filed in accordance
with the Securities Act to the extent required thereby, is retained in accordance with the Securities Act to the extent required thereby
and, when taken together with the related prospectus, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and

(r) 
Take all such other reasonable actions as are necessary or advisable in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.

17

Section
7.4 Indemnification.

(a) 
To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, and each stockholder, member, limited or
general partner thereof, each stockholder, member, limited or general partner of each such stockholder, member, limited or general
partner, each of their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, stockholders, employees, advisors, and agents and each person who
controls (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act) such persons and each of their respective representatives, and
each underwriter, if any, and each person or entity who controls within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act any
underwriter, against all expenses, claims, judgments, suits, costs, penalties, losses, damages, and liabilities (or actions,
proceedings, or settlements in respect thereof) arising out of or based on any of the following: (i) any misrepresentation, breach
of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of the Company contained in this
Agreement; (ii) any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained or incorporated by reference in any
prospectus, offering circular or other document (including any related Registration Statement, notification, or the like) incident
to any such registration, qualification or compliance, (iii) any omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or (iv) any violation (or alleged
violation) by the Company of the Securities Act, any state securities laws, or any rule or regulation thereunder applicable to the
Company and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with any offering covered by such registration,
qualification or compliance, and the Company will reimburse the Investor, and each stockholder, member, limited or general partner
thereof, each stockholder, member, limited or general partner of each such stockholder, member, limited or general partner, each of
their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, stockholders, employees, advisors, and agents and each person who controls such
persons and each of their respective Representatives, and each underwriter, if any, and each person or entity who controls any
underwriter, for any legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating and defending or settling any
such claim, judgment, suit, penalty, loss, damage, liability or action; provided that the Company will not be liable in any
such case to the extent that any such claim, judgment, suit, penalty loss, damage, liability, or action arises out of or is based on
any untrue statement or omission based upon written information furnished to the Company by the Investor, any of the
Investors Representatives, any person or entity controlling the Investor, such underwriter or any person or entity who
controls any such underwriter, and stated to be specifically for use therein; provided, further, that, the indemnity
agreement contained in this Section 7.4(a) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such loss, claim, damage,
liability or action if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld). This indemnity shall be in addition to any liability the Company may otherwise have. Such indemnity shall remain in full
force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Investor or any indemnified party and shall survive the
transfer of such securities by the Investor.

(b) 
To the extent permitted by law, the Investor will, if Registrable Securities held by the Investor are included in the securities as
to which such registration, qualification, or compliance is being effected, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its
directors, officers, employees, partners, legal counsel and accountants and each underwriter, if any, of the Companys
securities covered by such a Registration Statement, each person or entity who controls the Company or such underwriter within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, against all claims, judgments, penalties losses, damages and liabilities (or actions in
respect thereof) arising out of or based on any of the following: (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of
or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of the Investor contained in this Agreement; (ii) any untrue statement
(or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained or incorporated by reference in any prospectus, offering circular or
other document (including any related Registration Statement, notification, or the like) incident to any such registration,
qualification or compliance made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the
Investor expressly for use in connection with such registration, (iii) any omission to state therein a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case made in reliance upon and in conformity with
information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Investor expressly for use in connection with such registration, or (iv) any
violation (or alleged violation) by the Company of the Securities Act, any state securities laws, or any rule or regulation
thereunder applicable to the Investor and relating to action or inaction required of the Investor in connection with any offering
covered by such registration, qualification, or compliance, and will reimburse the Company and the Investor, directors, officers,
partners, legal counsel and accountants, persons, underwriters, or control persons for any legal or any other expenses
reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or action, in each case to
the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission (i) is made in such Registration Statement, prospectus,
offering circular or other document in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the
Investor and stated to be specifically for use therein and (ii) has not been corrected in a subsequent writing prior to or
concurrently with the sale of the Registrable Securities to the person asserting the claim; provided, however, that
the obligations of the Investor hereunder shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such claims, losses, damages or
liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Investor (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld); and provided that in no event shall any indemnity under this Error! Reference source not
found. exceed the aggregate Purchase Price paid by the Investor under this Agreement, except in the case of fraud or willful
misconduct by the Investor.

18

(c) 
Each party entitled to indemnification under this Section 7.4 (the Indemnified Party) shall (i)
give notice to the party required to provide indemnification (the Indemnifying Party) promptly after
such Indemnified Party has actual knowledge of any claim as to which indemnity may be sought (provided, that any delay or
failure to so notify the indemnifying party shall relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder only to the extent, if
at all, that it is actually and materially prejudiced by reason of such delay or failure), and (ii) permit the Indemnifying Party to
assume the defense of such claim or any litigation resulting therefrom; provided that counsel for the Indemnifying Party, who
shall conduct the defense of such claim or any litigation resulting therefrom, shall be approved by the Indemnified Party (whose
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), and the Indemnified Party may participate in such defense at such partys
expense unless (w) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (x) the Indemnifying Party shall have
failed to assume the defense of such claim within a reasonable time after receipt of notice of such claim from the Indemnified Party
hereunder and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, (y) the Indemnified Party has reasonably concluded
(based upon advice of its counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different
from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying Party, or (z) in the reasonable judgment of any such person (based upon
advice of its counsel) a conflict of interest may exist between such person and the Indemnifying Party with respect to such claims
(in which case, if the person notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that such person elects to employ separate counsel at the
expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of
such person). No Indemnifying Party, in the defense of any such claim or litigation, shall, except with the consent of each
Indemnified Party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement that does not include as an unconditional term
thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim
or litigation. Each Indemnified Party shall furnish such information regarding itself or the claim in question as an Indemnifying
Party may reasonably request in writing and as shall be reasonably required in connection with defense of such claim and litigation
resulting therefrom.

(d) 
If the indemnification provided for in this Section 7.4 is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an
Indemnified Party with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage, or expense referred to herein, then the Indemnifying Party, in
lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified
Party as a result of such loss, liability, claim, damage, or expense in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative
fault of the Indemnifying Party on the one hand and of the Indemnified Party on the other in connection with the statements or
omissions that resulted in such loss, liability, claim, damage, or expense as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and of the Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things,
whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Indemnifying Party or by the Indemnified Party and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to
information, and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Investor will not be required under this Section
7.4(d) to contribute any amount in excess of the aggregate Purchase Price paid by the Investor under this Agreement, except in
the case of fraud or willful misconduct by the Investor. No person or entity guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person or entity who was not guilty of
such fraudulent misrepresentation.

19

(e) 
The obligations of the Company and the Investor under this Section 7.4 shall survive the completion of any offering of Registrable
Securities in a registration under this Section7.4 and otherwise shall survive the termination of this Agreement
until the expiration of the applicable period of the statute of limitations.

Section
7.5 Information by the Investor. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding the Investor and the
distribution proposed by the Investor as the Company may reasonably request in writing and as shall be reasonably required in connection
with any registration, qualification, or compliance referred to in this Article VII.

Section
7.6 Rule 144 Reporting. With a view to making available the benefits of certain rules and regulations of the SEC that may
permit the sale of the Restricted Securities to the public without registration, the Company agrees to do the following:

(a) 
Make and keep adequate current public information with respect to the Company available in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities
Act;

(b) 
File with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act; and

(c) 
So long as the Investor owns any Restricted Securities, furnish to the Investor forthwith upon written request a written statement by
the Company as to its compliance with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 and of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, or that
it qualifies as registrant whose securities may be resold pursuant to Form S-3 (at any time after the Company so qualifies), a copy of
the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company, and such other reports and documents so filed as the Investor may reasonably
request in availing itself of any rule or regulation of the SEC allowing the Investor to sell any such securities without registration.
The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action as the Investor may reasonably request to enable the Investor to
sell from time to time Securities held by the Investor without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions
provided by Rule 144, including providing any legal opinions.

20

Section
7.7 No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company has not entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company, on or after the
date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted
to the Investor or otherwise conflict with the provisions hereof. Unless the Company receives the consent of the Investor, the Company
shall not file any other registration statements (other than registration statements on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or any successor forms thereto)
until all Registrable Securities are registered pursuant to a Registration Statement that is declared effective by the SEC.

ARTICLE
VIII

CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF

PURCHASE
NOTICE AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section
8.1 Conditions Precedent to the Obligation of the Company to Issue and Sell Purchase Notice Securities. The obligation of
the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Purchase Notice Securities to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the
conditions set forth below:

(a) 
Accuracy of the Investors Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the Execution Date and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such time.

(b) 
Performance by the Investor. The Investor shall have performed, satisfied, and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied, or complied with by the Investor at or prior to each Closing.

(c) 
Principal Market Regulation. The Company shall have no obligation to issue any Purchase Notice Securities, and the Investor shall
have no right to receive any Purchase Notice Securities, if the issuance of such Purchase Notice Securities would exceed the aggregate
number of Securities which the Company may issue without breaching the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of
the Principal Market.

Section
8.2 Conditions Precedent to the Obligation of the Investor to Purchase the Purchase Notice Securities. The obligation of the
Investor hereunder to purchase the Purchase Notice Securities is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

(a) 
Effective Registration Statement. The Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall have been declared
effective and shall remain effective for the resale of the Registrable Securities at all times until the Closing with respect to the
subject Purchase Notice, the Company shall not have received notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect
to such Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement,
either temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened to do so, and no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the
effectiveness of, such Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or the Prospectus Supplement shall exist. The Investor shall not have
received any notice from the Company that the Prospectus, Prospectus Supplement, and/or any prospectus supplement or amendment thereto
fails to meet the requirements of Section 5(b) or Section 10 of the Securities Act.

21

(b) 
Accuracy of the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the Execution Date and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations and warranties
specifically made as of a particular date).

(c) 
Performance by the Company. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants,
agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied, or complied with by the Company at or prior to such
Closing.

(d) 
No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or adopted by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect
of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(e) 
No Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Shares. The trading of the Securities shall not have been suspended by the SEC or
the Principal Market, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Securities shall have been approved for listing or quotation on and
shall not have been delisted from or no longer quoted on the Principal Market. In the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for
any reason, of the trading of the Securities, as contemplated by this Section 8.2(e), the Investor shall have the right to return
to the Company any amount of Purchase Notice Securities associated with such Purchase Notice, and the Commitment Amount with respect
to such Purchase Notice shall be refunded accordingly.

(f) 
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The number of Purchase Notice Securities then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed
the number of such shares that, when aggregated with all other Securities then owned by the Investor beneficially owned (as such term
is defined under the Exchange Act) by the Investor, would result in the Investor beneficially owning more than the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below), as determined in accordance with Section 13 of the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Section 8.2(f),
if the amount of Securities outstanding is greater or lesser on a Closing Date than on the date on which the Purchase Notice associated
with such Closing Date is given, the amount of Securities outstanding on such date of issuance of a Purchase Notice shall govern for
purposes of determining whether the Investor, when aggregating all purchases of Securities made pursuant to this Agreement, would beneficially
own more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation following a purchase on any such Closing Date. If the Investor claims that compliance
with a Purchase Notice would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, upon request of the Company,
the Investor will provide the Company with evidence of the Investors then existing Securities beneficially owned. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of Securities outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of Securities
issuable pursuant to a Purchase Notice. To the extent that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation would be exceeded in connection with a
Closing, the number of Securities issuable to the Investor shall be reduced so it does not exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

(g)Principal
Market Regulation. The Company shall have no right to issue andthe
Investor shall have no obligation to purchase any Purchase Notice Securities if the issuance of aggregate Purchase Notice Securities
would exceed equals 4.99% of the Companys outstanding Common Stock as of the date hereof (the Exchange Cap),
unless and until the Corporation receives the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules and regulations of any
Principal Market on which any securities of the Company are listed. The Exchange Cap shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend,
stock split, reverse stock split, or similar transaction.

22

(h) No
Knowledge. The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement to be suspended or the Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement failing to meet the requirement of Sections
5(b) or 10 of the Securities Act (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Business Days
following the Business Day on which such Purchase Notice is deemed delivered).

(i) 
No Violation of Stockholder Approval Requirement. The issuance of the Securities shall not violate the stockholder approval requirements
of the Principal Market.

(j) 
DWAC Eligible. The Securities must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill.

(k) 
SEC Documents. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been
filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act after the Execution
Date (the Future SEC Documents) (1) shall have been filed with the SEC within the applicable time periods
prescribed for such filings under the Exchange Act, and (2) as of their respective dates, such Future SEC Documents complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules and regulations
applicable to such Future SEC Documents, and none of such Future SEC Documents contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

ARTICLE
IX

LEGENDS

Section
9.1 No Restrictive Legend. No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Purchase
Notice Securities.

Section
9.2 Investors Compliance. Nothing in this Article IX shall affect in any way the Investors obligations hereunder
to comply with all applicable securities laws upon the sale of the Securities.

ARTICLE
X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
10.1 Force Majeure. No Party shall be liable for any failure to fulfill itsobligations
hereunder due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, epidemic or pandemic, natural disaster,
labor disturbances, terrorist attack, riots, or wars, and any action taken, or restrictions or limitations imposed, by government or
public authorities.

23

Section
10.2 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware
without regard to the principles of conflicts of law.

Section
10.3 Assignment. The Transaction Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor
and their respective successors. Neither any of the Transaction Documents nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may
be assigned by either Party to any other Person.

Section
10.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as contemplated in Section
7.4.

Section
10.5 Termination. This Agreement shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (i) the end of the Commitment Period, or
(ii) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences
a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property or the Company
makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors.

Section
10.6 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits thereto, contain the entire understanding of
the Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters.

Section
10.7 Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or any other writing to the contrary, each
Party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred
by such Party incidental to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Parties agree that the amount of fifteen thousand dollars ($15,000), representing legal fees of the Investor for this
Agreement and the transactions related hereto, shall be deducted from the applicable Purchase Price to be paid by the Investor to the
Company for the Purchase Notice Securities, pursuant to the first Purchase Notice delivered pursuant to this Agreement.

Section
10.8 Clearing Costs. The Company shall pay the Clearing Costs associated with each Closing, and any Transfer Agent fees (including
any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties
levied on the Company in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Investor.

Section
10.9 Counterparts and Execution. The Transaction Documents may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may be
executed by less than all of the Parties, all of which together will constitute one instrument, will be deemed to be an original, and
will be enforceable against the Parties. The Transaction Documents may be delivered to the other Partyhereto
by email of a copy of the Transaction Documents bearing the signature of the Party so delivering the Transaction Documents. The Parties
agree that this Agreement shall be considered signed when the signature of a Party is delivered by .PDF, DocuSign or other generally
accepted electronic signature. Such .PDF, DocuSign, or other generally accepted electronic signature shall be treated in all respects
as having the same effect as an original signature. The signatories to this Agreement each represent and warrant that they are duly authorized
by the Parties with the power and authority to bind the Parties to the terms and conditions thereof.

24

Section
10.10 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal,
unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that such severability
shall be ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any Party.

Section
10.11 Further Assurances. Each Party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other Party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

Section
10.12 Agreement Not to be Construed Against Drafter. The Parties acknowledge that they have had an adequate opportunity to
review each and every provision contained in this Agreement and to submit the same to legal counsel for review and comment. The Parties
agree with each and every provision contained in this Agreement and agree that the rule of construction that a contract be construed
against the drafter, if any, shall not be applied in the interpretation and construction of this Agreement.

Section
10.13 Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and
are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

Section
10.14 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both
Parties hereto and no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the Party against whom enforcement
of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other
right, power or privilege.

Section
10.15 Publicity. The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making
public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no Party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make
any such public statement, other than as required by law or for legal compliance, without the prior written consent of the other Party,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required
by law, in which case the disclosing Party shall provide the other Party with prior notice of such public statement. The Investor acknowledges
that the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be material contracts, as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation
S-K, and that the Company may thereforebe
required to file such documents as exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
The Investor further agrees that the status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company,
in consultation with its counsel.

25

Section
10.16 Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder
shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) delivered by reputable air courier service
with charges prepaid for next Business Day delivery, or (c) transmitted by hand delivery, or email as a PDF (with read receipt or a written
confirmation of delivery or receipt), addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such Party shall have specified most recently
by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
deemed effective upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if delivered on a Business Day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first Business Day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a
Business Day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received).

The
addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

Address:
990 Biscayne Blvd.

Miami,
Florida 33132

Telephone:
(646) 240-4235

E-mail:
tkaelin@safeandgreenholdings.com

If to the Investor:

Address:
80 S.W. Eighth Street, 20th Floor, Miami FL, 33131

Telephone:
(917) 793-1173

E-mail:
operations@alumnicapital.com

Either
Party hereto may from time to time change its address or email for notices under this clause by giving prior written notice of such changed
address to the other party hereto.

[Signature
Page Follows]

26

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
as of the Execution Date.

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

By: /s/ Michael McLaren

Name: Michael McLaren

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: January 21, 2025

ALUMNI CAPITAL LP

By: ALUMNI CAPITAL GP LLC

By: /s/ Ashkan Mapar

Name: Ashkan Mapar

Title: Manager

Date: January 21, 2025

27

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF PURCHASE NOTICE

TO:
ALUMNI CAPITAL LP

We
refer to the Purchase Agreement (the Agreement), dated as of January 21, 2025, entered into by and between Safe
& Green Holdings Corp. and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same
meaning when used herein.

We
hereby certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Article VIII of the Agreement are satisfied, and we hereby
elect to exercise our right pursuant to the Agreement to require you to purchase Purchase Notice Securities.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the amount of Purchase Notice Securities shall not exceed the Purchase Notice Limitation applicable
to such Purchase Notice or the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

The
Companys wire instructions are as follows:

[Insert
Wire Instructions]

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

Name: Michael McLaren

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Date: January [], 2025

28
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>sgbx-20250121.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sgbx-20250121_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sgbx-20250121_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38037

Entity Registrant Name SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001023994

Entity Tax Identification Number 95-4463937

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 990 Biscayne Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two #501

Entity Address, Address Line Three Office 12

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33132

City Area Code 646

Local Phone Number 240-4235

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01

Trading Symbol SGBX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://safeandgreenholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0228778-8k_safe.htm 
sgbx-20250121.xsd 
sgbx-20250121_lab.xml 
sgbx-20250121_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-006735-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ea0228778-8k_safe_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001023994 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001023994 
8-K 
2025-01-21 
SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 
DE 
001-38037 
95-4463937 
990 Biscayne Blvd. 
#501 
Office 12 
Miami 
FL 
33132 
646 
240-4235 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 
SGBX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>