<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-067053.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-067053.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328160453
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-067053
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001061219
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				760568219
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14323
		FILM NUMBER:		25785879

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 LOUISIANA 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7133816500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 LOUISIANA 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980518
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d945779d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000106121900010612192025-03-282025-03-28

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 28, 2025

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-14323 76-0568219

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation or Organization) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1100 Louisiana, 10th Floor

Houston, Texas77002

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code)

(713)381-6500

(Registrants Telephone Number, including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange

On Which Registered

Common Units EPD New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement 

On March 28, 2025, Enterprise Products Operating LLC, a Texas limited liability company (EPO) and the operating subsidiary of Enterprise Products Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), entered into a 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement among EPO, as Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and certain financial institutions named therein, as Co-Syndication Agents and Co-Documentation Agents (the 364-Day Credit Agreement). Under the terms of the 364-Day Credit Agreement, EPO may borrow up to $1.5 billion (which may be increased by up to $200 million to $1.7 billion at EPOs election, provided certain conditions are met) at a variable interest rate for a term of 364 days, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. 

The 364-Day Credit Agreement replaces EPOs existing 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2024, among EPO, the Lenders party thereto, Citibank N.A., as Administrative Agent, and certain financial institutions named therein, as Co-Syndication Agents and Co-Documentation Agents (which provided for a borrowing capacity up to $1.5 billion and had a maturity date of March 28, 2025). EPO may use the proceeds from loans under the 364-Day Credit Agreement for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other company purposes. 

EPOs obligations under the 364-Day Credit Agreement are not secured by any collateral; however, they are guaranteed by the Partnership pursuant to a Guaranty Agreement (the 364-Day Guaranty Agreement). Amounts borrowed under the 364-Day Credit Agreement mature on March 27, 2026, although EPO may, between 15 and 60 days prior to the maturity date, elect to have the entire principal balance then outstanding continued as non-revolving term loans for a period of one additional year, payable on March 27, 2027. 

In addition to interest payments on outstanding borrowings, on a quarterly basis, EPO is required to pay a facility fee on each lenders commitment irrespective of commitment usage. The facility fee amount and the applicable rate spread for loans under the 364-Day Credit Agreement will vary based on EPOs senior debt credit rating. 

The 364-Day Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants (affirmative and negative) and events of default, the occurrence of which would permit the lenders to accelerate the maturity date of amounts borrowed under the 364-Day Credit Agreement. The 364-Day Credit Agreement also restricts EPOs ability to pay cash distributions to the Partnership if an event of default (as defined in the 364-Day Credit Agreement) has occurred and is continuing at the time such distribution is scheduled to be paid or would result therefrom. 

The descriptions of the 364-Day Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Guaranty Agreement in this Item 1.01 are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the 364-Day Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Guaranty Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 hereto, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Amendment to Multi-Year Revolving Credit Agreement 

As previously disclosed, on March 31, 2023, EPO entered into a Revolving Credit Agreement among EPO, as Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and certain financial institutions named therein, as Co-Syndication Agents and Co-Documentation Agents (the Multi-Year Credit Agreement). Under the terms of the Multi-Year Credit Agreement, EPO may borrow up to $2.7 billion (which may be increased by up to $500 million to $3.2 billion at EPOs election, provided certain conditions are met) at a variable interest rate, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. EPO may use the proceeds from loans under the Multi-Year Credit Agreement for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other company purposes. EPOs obligations under the Multi-Year Credit Agreement are not secured by any collateral; however, they are guaranteed by the Partnership pursuant to a Guaranty Agreement (the Multi-Year Guaranty Agreement). 

On March 28, 2025, the Multi-Year Credit Agreement was amended by that certain First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement (the First Amendment), pursuant to which the maturity date under the Multi-Year Credit Agreement was extended from March 31, 2028 to March 28, 2030. Under the terms of the Multi-Year Credit 

2 

Agreement (as amended by the First Amendment), the maturity date may be further extended at EPOs request (up to two such requests) for a one-year extension of the maturity date by delivering a request prior to the then-applicable maturity date and with the consent of required lenders as set forth under the Multi-Year Credit Agreement. 

The descriptions of the Multi-Year Credit Agreement, the Multi-Year Guaranty Agreement and the First Amendment in this Item 1.01 are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Multi-Year Credit Agreement, the Multi-Year Guaranty Agreement and the First Amendment, which are filed as Exhibits 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5 hereto, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

On March 28, 2025, EPO entered into the 364-Day Credit Agreement and the First Amendment. The information relating to the 364-Day Credit Agreement and related 364-Day Guaranty Agreement as well as the Multi-Year Credit Agreement and the related Multi-Year Guaranty Agreement and First Amendment, as set forth under Item 1.01, is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. The 364-Day Credit Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and the related 364-Day Guaranty Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.2, and the Multi-Year Credit Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.3 hereto, the related Multi-Year Guaranty Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.4 and the related First Amendment is filed as Exhibit 10.5, and each is incorporated herein by reference. 

As of March 28, 2025, after giving effect to the transactions described in Items 1.01 above, EPO has no borrowings outstanding under its revolving credit facilities. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1# 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, by and among Enterprise Products Operating LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and certain financial institutions named therein, as Co-Syndication Agents and Co-Documentation Agents. 

10.2# Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, by Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in favor of Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. 

10.3 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by and among Enterprise Products Operating LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and certain financial institutions named therein, as Co-Syndication Agents and Co-Documentation Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed March 31, 2023). 

10.4 Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed March 31, 2023). 

10.5# First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, by and among Enterprise Products Operating LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and certain financial institutions named therein, as Co-Syndication Agents and Co-Documentation Agents. 

104# Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

# 

Filed herewith 

3 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.

By: Enterprise Products Holdings LLC,

its General Partner

Date: March 28, 2025 By: 

/s/ R. Daniel Boss

Name: R. Daniel Boss

Title: 

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d945779dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

EXHIBIT 10.1

364-DAY REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of 

March 28, 2025

among 

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS
OPERATING LLC, 

as Borrower 

The Lenders Party Hereto 

CITIBANK, N.A., 

as Administrative
Agent 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., MUFG BANK, LTD., and TRUIST BANK, 

as Co-Syndication Agents 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, HOUSTON BRANCH and 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH, 

as Co-Documentation Agents 

CITIBANK, N.A., WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., MIZUHO BANK, LTD., 

MUFG BANK, LTD. RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 

TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC, THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, and 

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. 

as Joint
Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

$1,500,000,000 364-Day Revolving Credit Facility 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I Definitions 1 

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1 

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 23 

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 23 

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 24 

SECTION 1.05. Rates 24 

SECTION 1.06. Divisions 24 

ARTICLE II The Credits 24 

SECTION 2.01. Commitments 24 

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 25 

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 26 

SECTION 2.04. Reserved 26 

SECTION 2.05. Reserved 26 

SECTION 2.06. Reserved 27 

SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 27 

SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections 27 

SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 28 

SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 29 

SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 29 

SECTION 2.12. Fees 30 

SECTION 2.13. Interest 31 

SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 32 

SECTION 2.15. Illegality; Increased Costs 33 

SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments 34 

SECTION 2.17. Taxes 34 

SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of
Set-offs 38 

SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 39 

SECTION 2.20. Separateness 40 

SECTION 2.21. Defaulting Lenders 41 

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 42 

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers 42 

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 42 

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 43 

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition 43 

SECTION 3.05. Litigation and Environmental Matters 43 

SECTION 3.06. Compliance with Laws 43 

SECTION 3.07. Investment Company Status 44 

SECTION 3.08. Taxes 44 

SECTION 3.09. ERISA 44 

SECTION 3.10. Disclosure 44 

SECTION 3.11. Reserved 44 

SECTION 3.12. Margin Securities 44 

SECTION 3.13. Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions Laws and Regulations 44 

i 

ARTICLE IV Conditions 45 

SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 45 

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 46 

ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 47 

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 47 

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 48 

SECTION 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business 48 

SECTION 5.04. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance 48 

SECTION 5.05. Books and Records; Inspection Rights 48 

SECTION 5.06. Compliance with Laws 48 

SECTION 5.07. Use of Proceeds 49 

SECTION 5.08. Environmental Matters 49 

SECTION 5.09. ERISA Information 49 

SECTION 5.10. Taxes 50 

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 50 

SECTION 6.01. Reserved 50 

SECTION 6.02. Liens 50 

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes 51 

SECTION 6.04. Investment Restriction 51 

SECTION 6.05. Restricted Payments 51 

SECTION 6.06. Restrictive Agreements 51 

SECTION 6.07. Financial Condition Covenants 52 

ARTICLE VII Events of Default 53 

ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 56 

SECTION 8.01. The Administrative Agent 56 

SECTION 8.02. Erroneous Payments 58 

ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 61 

SECTION 9.01. Notices 61 

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 63 

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 64 

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 65 

SECTION 9.05. Survival 68 

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 68 

SECTION 9.07. Severability 69 

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 70 

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 70 

SECTION 9.10. Waiver of Jury Trial 71 

SECTION 9.11. Headings 71 

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 71 

SECTION 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation 71 

SECTION 9.14. Liability of Manager 72 

SECTION 9.15. USA Patriot Act Notice 72 

SECTION 9.16. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 72 

SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of
Affected Financial Institutions 73 

SECTION 9.18. Certain ERISA Matters 73 

ii 

SCHEDULES: 

Schedule 2.01 Commitments 

Schedule 3.05 Disclosed
Matters 

Schedule 6.06 Existing Restrictions 

EXHIBITS: 

Exhibit A Form of Assignment and
Assumption 

Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request 

Exhibit C Form of Interest Election Request 

Exhibit D-1 Form of Opinion of Christopher S. Wade, in-house counsel for Borrower and EPD 

Exhibit D-2 Form of Opinion of Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP, 

Borrowers and EPDs Counsel 

Exhibit E Form of Compliance Certificate 

Exhibit F 
Form of Note 

Exhibit G-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lenders; Not Partnerships) 

Exhibit G-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participants; Not Partnerships) 

Exhibit G-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participants; Partnerships) 

Exhibit G-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lenders; Partnerships) 

iii 

364-DAY REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of
March 28, 2025, among ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC, a Texas limited liability company; the LENDERS party hereto; CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent; WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,
MUFG BANK, LTD. and TRUIST BANK, as Co-Syndication Agents, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, HOUSTON BRANCH and THE TORONTO DOMINION BANK,
NEW YORK BRANCH, as Co-Documentation Agents, and CITIBANK N.A., WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., MIZUHO BANK, LTD., MUFG BANK, LTD., RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, SUMITOMO
MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC, THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, HOUSTON BRANCH and TRUIST SECURITIES, INC., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners. 

W I T N E S S E T H 

In
consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and in consideration of the Loans which may hereafter be made by Lenders to Borrower and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions 

SECTION
1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 

ABR,
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to a Loan, or Loans, in the case of a Borrowing, which bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 

Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such
calculation plus (b) 0.10% per annum; provided, that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than zero, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be zero. 

Administrative Agent means Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial
Institution.

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 

1 

Agent Parties has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.01(e). 

Agreement means this 364-Day
Revolving Credit Agreement of even date herewith, among Enterprise Products Operating LLC, a Texas limited liability company; the Lenders party hereto; Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent; and the
Co-Syndication Agents and Co-Documentation Agents; as may be amended, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such
day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 12 of 1%, and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR for an Interest Period of one month in
effect on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1% (provided that clause (c) shall not be applicable during any period in which Adjusted Term SOFR is unavailable or unascertainable). Any
change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate
or Adjusted Term SOFR, respectively. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction
applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Applicable
Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lenders Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon
either (i) the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments or (ii) if the Loans have been converted to Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(c), the percentage of the total Term Loans
represented by such Lenders Term Loan. 

Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Loan, or with
respect to the facility fees payable hereunder, as the case may be (subject to the immediately following paragraph of this defined term), the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption SOFR Spread, ABR Spread
or Facility Fee Rate, as the case may be, based upon the ratings by Moodys and/or S&P, respectively, applicable on such date to the Index Debt: 

Index Debt Ratings:

(Moodys/S&P) SOFR Spread ABR Spread Facility Fee Rate 

Category 1> A1/A+ 0.710 % 0.000 % 0.040 % 

Category 2 A2/A 0.815 % 0.000 % 0.060 % 

Category 3 A3/A- 0.925 % 0.000 % 0.075 % 

Category 4 Baa1/BBB+ 1.025 % 0.025 % 0.100 % 

Category 5< Baa2/BBB 1.125 % 0.125 % 0.125 % 

2 

For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if only one of Moodys and S&P shall have in effect a
rating for the Index Debt (other than by reason of a change in the rating system of, or unavailability of a ratings by, such rating agencies, as referred to in the last sentence of this paragraph), then the other rating agency shall be deemed to
have established a rating in the same Category as such agency; (ii) if each of Moodys and S&P shall have in effect a rating for the Index Debt, and such ratings shall fall within different Categories, the Applicable Rate shall be
based on the higher of the two ratings; and (iii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moodys and/or S&P for the Index Debt shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of
Moodys or S&P), such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is first announced by the applicable rating agency. Each change in the Applicable Rate shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change
and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moodys or S&P shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt
obligations, the Borrower and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the
Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. 

Arranger means each Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner listed on the cover page hereof. 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of
any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Attributable Indebtedness with respect to any Sale/Leaseback Transaction, means, as at the time of determination, the
present value (discounted at the rate set forth or implicit in the terms of the lease included in such transaction) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of property taxes,
maintenance, repairs, insurance, assessments, utilities, operating and labor costs and other items that do not constitute payments for property rights) during the remaining term of the lease included in such Sale/Leaseback Transaction (including any
period for which such lease has been extended). In the case of any lease that is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty or other termination payment, such amount shall be the lesser of the amount determined assuming termination upon
the first date such lease may be terminated (in which case the amount shall also include the amount of the penalty or termination payment, but no rent shall be considered as required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon
which it may be so terminated) or the amount determined assuming no such termination. 

Availability Period means the
period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable,
(a) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length
of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to
Section 2.14(c)(iv). 

3 

Bail-In Action means the exercise
of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Benchmark means Term SOFR, or if a Benchmark Replacement has occurred, the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected
by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark. 

Benchmark Replacement
means the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark, for which the Administrative Agent has determined (which determination shall be conclusive
absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means no longer exist for ascertaining such Benchmark. The Benchmark Replacement shall be determined by giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement
benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for
Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time, and for any Available Tenor is the sum of: (A) such alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding
Tenor and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to this definition would be less than zero, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread
adjustment, for the replacement of such Available Tenor of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Available Tenor of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. 

4 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding
beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 CFR
1010.230. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is
subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA
or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Board
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Borrower means Enterprise
Products Operating LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 

Borrowing means Loans of the same Type, made, converted or
continued on the same date and, in the case of SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 

Borrowing
Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, and being in the form of attached Exhibit B. 

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are
authorized or required by law to remain closed; providedthat, when used in connection with a SOFR Loan, or any ABR Loan as to which the interest rate is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR, the term Business
Day shall also exclude any day that is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

CERCLA means the
Comprehensive Environmental, Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended. 

Change in Control means
the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(i) Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute collectively a
majority of the members of the board of directors of Manager or Enterprise GP then in office; 

(ii) any Person or related
Persons constituting a group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) obtains direct or indirect beneficial ownership interest in the Manager or Enterprise GP
greater than the direct or indirect beneficial ownership interests of EPCO and its Affiliates in the Manager or Enterprise GP; or 

(iii) Manager and EPD shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, all of the Equity Interests (including all securities which
are convertible into Equity Interests) of Borrower. 

5 

As used herein, Continuing Director means any member of the board of directors of Manager
or Enterprise GP, respectively, who (x) is a member of such board of directors as of the date hereof, or (y) was nominated for election or elected to such board of directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who
were members of such board at the time of such nomination or election. 

Change in Law means (a) the adoption of
any law, rule or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by
any Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(a), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lenders holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of
any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules,
guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or
similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, promulgated or issued. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 

Commercial Operation Date means the date on which a Material Project is substantially complete and commercially operable.

Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Loans hereunder, expressed as an
amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lenders Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 and (b) reduced or increased from time to
time pursuant to Section 2.01 or assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lenders Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in the
Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders Commitments as of the Effective Date is $1,500,000,000. 

Common Units means the common units of limited partner interests in EPD. 

Company Agreement means the Company Agreement of the Borrower dated as of June 30, 2007 between Manager and EPD, as
members, substantially in the form provided to the Lenders, as such Company Agreement may be amended, modified and supplemented from time to time. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to Term SOFR or any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or
operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of
interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent
decides, in its reasonable discretion (in consultation with the Borrower), may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent 

6 

decides, in its reasonable discretion, that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines, in its reasonable
discretion, that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this
Agreement). 

Consolidated EBITDA means for any period, the sum of (a) the consolidated net income of the Borrower
and its consolidated Subsidiaries (excluding Project Finance Subsidiaries) for such period plus, to the extent deducted in determining consolidated net income for such period, the aggregate amount of (i) Consolidated Interest Expense,
(ii) income or gross receipts tax (or franchise tax or margin tax in the nature of an income or gross receipts tax) expense, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, and (iv) non-cash
charges, minus (b) equity in earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries of the Borrower to the extent included therein, plus (c) the amount of cash dividends or distributions payable with respect to such period by a Project
Finance Subsidiary or an unconsolidated subsidiary which are actually received by the Borrower or a Subsidiary (other than a Project Finance Subsidiary) during such period or on or prior to the date the financial statements with respect to such
period referred to in Section 5.01 are required to be delivered by the Borrower, plus (d) the amount of all payments during such period on leases of the type referred to in clause (d) of the definition
herein of Indebtedness and the amount of all payments during such period under other off-balance sheet loans and financings of the type referred to in such clause (d), minus (e) the amount of any
cash dividends, repayments of loans or advances, releases or discharges of guarantees or other obligations or other transfers of property or returns of capital previously received by the Borrower or a Subsidiary (other than a Project Finance
Subsidiary) from a Project Finance Subsidiary that during such period were either (x) recovered pursuant to recourse provisions with respect to a Project Financing at such Project Finance Subsidiary or (y) reinvested by the Borrower or a
Subsidiary in such Project Finance Subsidiary, minus(f) non-cash gains. 

Consolidated Indebtedness means for any date, the Indebtedness of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries (excluding
Project Finance Subsidiaries) including, without duplication, guaranties of funded debt, determined on a consolidated basis as of such date. 

Consolidated Interest Expense means for any period, the interest expense of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries
(excluding Project Finance Subsidiaries), determined on a consolidated basis for such period. 

Consolidated Net Tangible
Assets means, at any date of determination, the total amount of assets of EPD and its consolidated subsidiaries after deducting therefrom: 

(a) all current liabilities (excluding (A) any current liabilities that by their terms are extendable or renewable at the option of the
obligor thereon to a time more than 12 months after the time as of which the amount thereof is being computed, and (B) current maturities of long-term debt); and 

(b) the value (net of any applicable reserves) of all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents and other like intangible assets, all as set
forth, or on a pro forma basis would be set forth, on the consolidated balance sheet of EPD and its consolidated subsidiaries for EPDs most recently completed fiscal quarter, prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

7 

Consolidated Net Worth means as to any Person, at any date of
determination, the sum of (i) preferred stock (if any), (ii) an amount equal to (a) the face amount of outstanding Hybrid Securities not in excess of 15% of Consolidated Total Capitalization times(b) sixty-two and one-half percent (62.5%), (iii) par value of common stock, (iv) capital in excess of par value of common stock, (v) limited liability
company capital or equity, and (vi) retained earnings, less treasury stock (if any), of such Person, all as determined on a consolidated basis. 

Consolidated Total Capitalization means the sum of (i) Consolidated Indebtedness and (ii) Borrowers
Consolidated Net Worth. 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an
interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Debt Coverage Ratio means the ratio of Consolidated Indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA. 

Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both
would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 

Defaulting Lender means at any time, subject to
Section 2.21(b), (i) any Lender that has failed for two or more Business Days to comply with its obligations under this Agreement to make a Loan or make any other payment due hereunder (each, a funding
obligation), (ii) any Lender that has notified the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in writing, or has stated publicly, that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder or generally under other agreements in
which it commits to extend credit and has not retracted such statement or announcement, (iii) any Lender that has defaulted on its funding obligations under any other loan agreement or credit agreement or other financing agreement,
(iv) any Lender that has, for three or more Business Days after written request of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, failed to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective
funding obligations hereunder (provided, that such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (iv) upon the Administrative Agents and the Borrowers receipt of such written confirmation), or (v) any
Lender (x) with respect to which a Lender Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Lender or its Parent Company or (y) that has, or its Parent Company has, become the subject of a
Bail-In Action. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any of clauses (i) through (v) above will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such
Lender will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.21(b)) upon notification of such determination by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Lenders. 

Designated Persons means a person or entity: (i) listed in the annex to, or otherwise the subject of the provisions
of, any executive order administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (ii) named as a Specially Designated National and Blocked Person or a Foreign Sanctions Evaders on the most current list published by OFAC
at its official website or any replacement website or other replacement official publication of such list; or is otherwise the subject of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations. 

8 

Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits and proceedings and the
environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.05. 

Dollars, dollars or $ refers
to lawful money of the United States of America. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or
investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of
this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Effective Date means the date on or prior to April 30, 2025 specified in the notice referred to in the last sentence
of Section 4.01. 

Electronic Record has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be
interpreted in accordance with, 15 U.S.C. 7006. 

Electronic Signature has the meaning assigned to that term in, and
shall be interpreted in accordance with, 15 U.S.C. 7006. 

Enterprise GP means Enterprise Products Holdings LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, the general partner of EPD. 

Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations,
codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources,
the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters. 

Environmental
Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or
based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or
threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 

EPCO means Enterprise Products Company, a Texas corporation. 

9 

EPD means Enterprise Products Partners L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership, any legal successor entity thereto, or any other Person that is the Guarantor as defined in the March 15, 2000 Indenture or any replacement or supplemental indenture. 

EPD Guaranty Agreement means an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent by EPD
guaranteeing, unconditionally, payment of any principal of or interest on the Loans or any other amount payable under this Agreement, when and as the same shall become due and payable. 

Equity Interest means shares of the capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability
company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity interests in any Person, or any warrants, options or other rights to acquire such interests. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with
the Borrower is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the
regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of an accumulated funding
deficiency as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the
minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower
or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates
of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 

Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a). 

Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 8.02(d)(i). 

Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning assigned to such term
in Section 8.02(d)(i). 

Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 8.02(d)(i). 

10 

Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to it in
Section 8.02(e). 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 

Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made
by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income by the United States of America, by any state thereof or the District of Columbia or by the jurisdiction
under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or where it is resident or carrying on business, (b) any branch
profits taxes imposed by the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such other recipient is located, (c) in
the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)), any United States withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such
Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lenders failure to comply with Section 2.17(e), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender
(or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.17(a),
and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Existing Credit Facility means the revolving
credit facility of the Borrower under that certain 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 29, 2024, among the Borrower, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party
thereto, together with any and all amendments and supplements thereto. 

Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at
any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lenders Loans. 

FATCA means the Foreign Account Tax
Compliance Act, sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or official interpretations thereof (other than for purposes of Section 2.17(f), as such Code sections, regulations and official interpretations are
in effect as of the date of this Agreement). 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the weighted average of
the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a
Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Federal Funds Effective
Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

11 

Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting
officer, treasurer or controller of the Manager on behalf of the Borrower. 

Foreign Lender means any Lender that is
organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision
thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining
to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Hazardous
Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated
biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature, in each case regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 

Hedging Agreement means a financial instrument or security which is used as a cash flow or fair value hedge to manage the
risk associated with a change in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates or commodity prices. 

Hybrid
Securities means any trust preferred securities, or deferrable interest subordinated debt with a maturity of at least 20 years, which provides for the optional or mandatory deferral of interest or distributions, issued by the Borrower, or
any business trusts, limited liability companies, limited partnerships or similar entities (i) substantially all of the common equity, general partner or similar interests of which are owned (either directly or indirectly through one or more
wholly owned Subsidiaries) at all times by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) that have been formed for the purpose of issuing hybrid securities or deferrable interest subordinated debt, and (iii) substantially all the assets of
which consist of (A) subordinated debt of the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower, and (B) payments made from time to time on the subordinated debt. 

Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for the repayment of money
borrowed which are or should be shown on a balance sheet as debt in accordance with GAAP, (b) obligations of such Person as lessee under leases which, in accordance with GAAP, are capital leases, (c) guaranties of such Person of payment or
collection of any obligations described in clauses (a) and (b) of other Persons; and (d) all obligations of such Person under any synthetic lease, tax retention operating lease, off-balance sheet
loan or similar off-balance sheet financing if the obligation under such synthetic lease, tax retention operating lease, off-balance sheet loan or similar off-balance sheet financing, as the case may be, is considered indebtedness for borrowed money for tax purposes but is classified as an operating lease in accordance with GAAP; provided, that (i) clauses
(a) and (b) include, in the case of obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, only such obligations as are or should be shown as debt or capital lease liabilities on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower in accordance

12 

with GAAP, (ii) clause (c) includes, in the case of guaranties granted by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, only such guaranties of obligations of another Person that are or should be shown as
debt or capital lease liabilities on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP, and (iii) the liability of any Person as a general partner of a partnership for Indebtedness of such partnership, if such partnership is
not a Subsidiary of such Person, shall not constitute Indebtedness. 

Indemnified Taxes means Taxes other than Excluded
Taxes. 

Index Debt means senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced (except for any
guaranty by EPD) Indebtedness of the Borrower. 

Information Memorandum means the Confidential Information Memorandum
dated March 4, 2025 relating to the Borrower and the Transactions. 

Interest Election Request means a request by
the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, and being in the form of attached Exhibit C. 

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last day of each March, June, September and
December, and (b) with respect to any SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three (3) months
duration, each day that occurs an integral multiple of three (3) months after the first day of such Interest Period. 

Interest Period means with respect to any SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on
the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter, as the Borrower may elect; provided, that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such
Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next
preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a SOFR Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such
Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes of this definition, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the
effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 

Lender Insolvency Event means that
(i) a Lender or its Parent Company is insolvent, or is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors,
or (ii) such Lender or its Parent Company is the subject of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding, or a receiver, trustee, conservator, intervenor or sequestrator or the like has been appointed for such
Lender or its Parent Company, or such Lender or its Parent Company has taken any action in furtherance of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment. 

13 

Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person
that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or pursuant to Section 2.01(b), other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 

Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance,
charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any
purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. For avoidance of doubt, operating leases are not Liens. 

Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03. 

Manager means Enterprise Products OLPGP, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

March 15, 2000 Indenture means that certain Indenture dated as of March 15, 2000, among the
Borrower, EPD and U.S. Bank, National Association, successor-in-interest to Wachovia Bank, National Association, f/k/a First Union National Bank, as Trustee. 

Material Adverse Change means a material adverse change, from that in effect on December 31, 2024, in the financial
condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as indicated in the most recent quarterly or annual financial statements, except as otherwise disclosed in the Borrowers and/or EPDs
filings with the SEC prior to the date hereof. 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on the
financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as indicated in the most recent quarterly or annual financial statements. 

Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans), of any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
(other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $100,000,000. 

Material Project
means the construction or expansion of any capital project of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the aggregate capital cost of which exceeds $50,000,000. 

Material Project EBITDA Adjustments shall mean, with respect to each Material Project: 

(A) prior to the Commercial Operation Date of a Material Project (but including the fiscal quarter in which such Commercial Operation Date
occurs), a percentage (based on the then-current completion percentage of such Material Project) of an amount to be approved by the Administrative Agent as the projected Consolidated EBITDA of Borrower and its Subsidiaries attributable to such
Material Project for the first 12-month period following the scheduled Commercial Operation Date of such Material Project (such amount to be determined based on customer contracts or tariff-based customers
relating to such Material Project, the creditworthiness of the other parties to such contracts or such tariff-based customers, and projected revenues from such contracts, tariffs, capital costs and expenses, scheduled Commercial Operation Date, oil
and gas reserve and production estimates, commodity price assumptions and other factors deemed appropriate by Administrative Agent), which may, at the 

14 

Borrowers option, be added to actual Consolidated EBITDA for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter in which construction of such Material Project commences and for each
fiscal quarter thereafter until the Commercial Operation Date of such Material Project (including the fiscal quarter in which such Commercial Operation Date occurs, but net of any actual Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
attributable to such Material Project following such Commercial Operation Date); provided that if the actual Commercial Operation Date does not occur by the scheduled Commercial Operation Date, then the foregoing amount shall be reduced, for
quarters ending after the scheduled Commercial Operation Date to (but excluding) the first full quarter after its Commercial Operation Date, by the following percentage amounts depending on the period of delay (based on the period of actual delay or
then-estimated delay, whichever is longer): (i) 90 days or less, 0%, (ii) longer than 90 days, but not more than 180 days, 25%, (iii) longer than 180 days but not more than 270 days, 50%, and (iv) longer than 270 days, 100%; and 

(B) beginning with the first full fiscal quarter following the Commercial Operation Date of a Material Project and for the two immediately
succeeding fiscal quarters, an amount to be approved by the Administrative Agent as the projected Consolidated EBITDA of Borrower and its Subsidiaries attributable to such Material Project (determined in the same manner as set forth in clause
(A) above) for the balance of the four full fiscal quarter period following such Commercial Operation Date, which may, at the Borrowers option, be added to actual Consolidated EBITDA for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal
quarters. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing: 

(i) no such additions shall be allowed with respect to any Material Project unless: 

(a) not later than 30 days prior to the delivery of any certificate required by the terms and provisions of
Section 5.01(e) to the extent Material Project EBITDA Adjustments will be made to Consolidated EBITDA in determining compliance with Section 6.07, the Borrower shall have delivered to the
Administrative Agent written pro forma projections of Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries attributable to such Material Project and 

(b) prior to the date such certificate is required to be delivered, the Administrative Agent shall have approved (such approval
not to be unreasonably withheld) such projections and shall have received such other information and documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and 

(ii) the aggregate amount of all Material Project EBITDA Adjustments during any period shall be limited to 15% of the total actual
Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period (which total actual Consolidated EBITDA shall be determined without including any Material Project EBITDA Adjustments). 

Material Subsidiary means each Subsidiary of the Borrower that, as of the last day of the fiscal year of the Borrower most
recently ended prior to the relevant determination of Material Subsidiaries, has a net worth determined in accordance with GAAP that is greater than 10% of the Consolidated Net Worth of the Borrower as of such day. 

15 

Maturity Date means the date 364 days after the Effective Date;
provided, if the Borrower has elected the Term-Out option in accordance with Section 2.01(c), Maturity Date shall mean the date one year and 364 days after
the Effective Date (the Term Loan Maturity Date); provided, however, in either case, if such date is not a Business Day, then the Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such date. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 

Multi-Year Credit Facility means the revolving credit facility of the Borrower under that certain Revolving Credit
Agreement dated as of March 31, 2023, among the Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, as amended by the First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of even date
herewith, together with any and all other amendments and supplements thereto. 

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender.

Notes means any promissory notes issued by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.10(e). 

OFAC means The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 

Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges
or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement. 

Parent Company means, with respect to a Lender (i) the bank holding company (as defined in Federal Reserve Board
Regulation Y) of such Lender, if any, (ii) with respect to a Foreign Lender, any entity which is a parent of such Foreign Lender, and/or (iii) any Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a majority of the
Equity Interests of such Lender. 

Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 8.02(a). 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined
in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 

Permitted Liens means: 

(a) liens upon rights-of-way for pipeline purposes; 

(b) any statutory or governmental lien or lien arising by operation of law, or any mechanics, repairmens, materialmens,
suppliers, carriers, landlords, warehousemens or similar lien incurred in the ordinary course of business which is not yet due or which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and any undetermined lien
which is incidental to construction, development, improvement or repair; or any right reserved to, or vested in, any municipality or public authority by the terms of any right, power, franchise, grant, license, permit or by any provision of law, to
purchase or recapture or to designate a purchaser of, any property; 

16 

(c) liens for taxes, assessments, charges and levies which are (i) for the then current
year, (ii) not at the time delinquent, or (iii) delinquent but the validity or amount of which is being contested at the time by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or EPD in good faith by appropriate proceedings; 

(d) liens of, or to secure performance of, leases, other than capital leases, or any lien securing industrial development, pollution control
or similar revenue bonds; 

(e) any lien upon property or assets acquired or sold by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or EPD resulting from the
exercise of any rights arising out of defaults on receivables; 

(f) any lien in favor of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or EPD; or any lien
upon any property or assets of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or EPD permitted under the March 15, 2000 Indenture, or any replacement indenture containing similar terms and conditions with respect thereto; 

(g) any lien in favor of the United States of America or any state thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality or political
subdivision of the United States of America or any state thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance, or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute, or any debt incurred by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or EPD for the purpose of financing
all or any part of the purchase price of, or the cost of constructing, developing, repairing or improving, the property or assets subject to such lien; 

(h) any lien incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workmens compensation, unemployment insurance, temporary
disability, social security, retiree health or similar laws or regulations or to secure obligations imposed by statute or governmental regulations; 

(i) liens in favor of any Person to secure obligations under provisions of any letters of credit, bank guarantees, bonds or surety obligations
required or requested by any Governmental Authority in connection with any contract or statute; or any lien upon or deposits of any assets to secure performance of bids, trade contracts, leases or statutory obligations; 

(j) any lien upon any property or assets created at the time of acquisition of such property or assets by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or EPD
or within one year after such time to secure all or a portion of the purchase price for such property or assets or debt incurred to finance such purchase price, whether such debt was incurred prior to, at the time of or within one year after the
date of such acquisition; or any lien upon any property or assets to secure all or part of the cost of construction, development, repair or improvements thereon or to secure debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within one year after completion
of such construction, development, repair or improvements or the commencement of full operations thereof (whichever is later), to provide funds for any such purpose; 

(k) any lien upon any property or assets (i) existing thereon at the time of the acquisition thereof by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or
EPD, (ii) existing thereon at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary by acquisition, merger or otherwise, or (iii) acquired by any Person after the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary by acquisition, merger or otherwise, to the extent
such lien is created by security documents existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and not added to such security documents in contemplation thereof; 

17 

(l) liens imposed by law or order as a result of any proceeding before any court or
regulatory body that is being contested in good faith, and liens which secure a judgment or other court-ordered award or settlement as to which the Borrower, the applicable Subsidiary or EPD has not exhausted its appellate rights; 

(m) any extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals, refinancing, refunding or replacements)
of liens, in whole or in part, referred to in clauses (a) through (l) above; provided, however, that any such extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement lien shall be limited to the property or assets covered by the lien
extended, renewed, refinanced, refunded or replaced and that the obligations secured by any such extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement lien shall be in an amount not greater than the amount of the obligations secured by the lien
extended, renewed, refinanced, refunded or replaced and any expenses of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and EPD (including any premium) incurred in connection with such extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement; or 

(n) any lien resulting from the deposit of moneys or evidence of indebtedness in trust for the purpose of defeasing debt of the Borrower, any
Subsidiary or EPD. 

Permitted Sale/Leaseback Transactions means any Sale/Leaseback Transaction: 

(a) which occurs within one year from the date of completion of the acquisition of the Principal Property subject thereto or the date of the
completion of construction, development or substantial repair or improvement, or commencement of full operations on such Principal Property, whichever is later; or 

(b) involves a lease for a period, including renewals, of not more than three years; or 

(c) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or EPD would be entitled to incur Indebtedness, in a principal amount equal to the Attributable Indebtedness
with respect to such Sale/Leaseback Transaction, secured by a Lien on the property subject to such Sale/Leaseback Transaction pursuant to Section 6.02 without equally and ratably securing the Indebtedness under this
Agreement pursuant to such Section; or 

(d) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or EPD, within a one-year
period after such Sale/Leaseback Transaction, applies or causes to be applied an amount not less than the Attributable Indebtedness from such Sale/Leaseback Transaction to (a) the prepayment, repayment, redemption, reduction or retirement of
any Indebtedness of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or EPD that is not subordinated to the Indebtedness under this Agreement, or (b) the expenditure or expenditures for Principal Property used or to be used in the ordinary course of business of
the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or EPD. 

18 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, any Sale/Leaseback Transaction not covered by
clauses (a) through (d), inclusive, of this definition, shall nonetheless be a Permitted Sale/Leaseback Transaction if the Attributable Indebtedness from such Sale/Leaseback Transaction, together with the aggregate principal amount of
outstanding Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness under this Agreement and Indebtedness under the March 15, 2000 Indenture) secured by Liens other than Permitted Liens upon Principal Properties, does not exceed 10% of Consolidated Net Tangible
Assets. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association,
company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than
a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under
Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Platform
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(e). 

Prime Rate means the rate of
interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by Citibank, N.A. as its prime rate in effect. Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 

Principal Property means whether owned or leased on the date hereof or thereafter acquired: 

(a) any pipeline assets of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or EPD, including any related facilities employed in the transportation, distribution,
storage or marketing of refined petroleum products, natural gas liquids, and petrochemicals, that are located in the United States of America or any territory or political subdivision thereof; and 

(b) any processing or manufacturing plant or terminal owned or leased by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or EPD that is located in the United
States or any territory or political subdivision thereof; 

except, in the case of either of the foregoing clauses (a) or (b): 

(i) any such assets consisting of inventories, furniture, office fixtures and equipment (including data processing equipment),
vehicles and equipment used on, or useful with, vehicles; and 

(ii) any such assets, plant or terminal which, in the
opinion of the Board of Directors (as defined in the March 15, 2000 Indenture), is not material in relation to the activities of the Borrower or of EPD and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Program means the buy-back program initiated by EPD whereby EPD or the Borrower may
after January 31, 2019 buy back up to the number of publicly held Common Units the aggregate purchase price of which is $2,000,000,000. 

Project Finance Subsidiaries means a Subsidiary that is (A) created principally to (i) construct or acquire any
asset or project that will be or is financed solely with Project Financing for such asset or project, related equity investments and any loans to, or capital contributions in, such Subsidiary that are not prohibited hereby, (ii) own an Equity
Interest in a Project Finance Subsidiary, and/or (iii) own an interest in any such asset or project and (B) designated as a Project Finance Subsidiary by the Borrower in writing to Administrative Agent. 

19 

Project Financing means Indebtedness incurred by a Project Finance
Subsidiary to finance the acquisition or construction of any asset or project which Indebtedness does not permit or provide for recourse against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Project Finance Subsidiary) and other than
recourse that consists of rights to recover dividends paid by such Project Finance Subsidiary. 

PTE means a prohibited
transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is Term SOFR, the
applicable time set forth in the definition of Term SOFR, and (2) if such Benchmark is not Term SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(c). 

Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective directors,
officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates. 

Relevant Governmental Body
means the Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum
of the total Exposures and unused Commitments at such time; provided, if the Loans have been converted to Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(c), from and after the effective date of such conversion,
Required Lenders means Lenders having more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution
Authority. 

Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property)
with respect to any class of Equity Interests of the Borrower, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition,
cancellation or termination of any Equity Interests of EPD or the Borrower or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any Equity Interests of EPD or the Borrower. 

Sale/Leaseback Transaction means any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing, under a lease that is not a
capital lease under GAAP, by the Borrower, or a Subsidiary (other than a Project Finance Subsidiary) or EPD of any Principal Property, which property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Borrower, such Subsidiary or EPD to such Person in
contemplation of such leasing. 

20 

Sanctions Laws and Regulations means economic or financial sanctions or
trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or His
Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global,
Inc., and any successor thereto. 

SEC has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01(a). 

SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such
Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight
financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as of
the Effective Date at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of
the general partnership interests, are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 

Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by
any Governmental Authority. 

Term Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(c). 

Term-Out means Borrowers election, at its option, to have the entire
principal balance of the Loans then outstanding continued as non-revolving Term Loans as provided in Section 2.01(c). 

Term SOFR means, 

(a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on
the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator;
provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement with
respect to Term SOFR has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor 

21 

as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR
Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 

(b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day,
the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m.
(Eastern time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement with respect to Term SOFR has not occurred, then Term
SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR
Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term
SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means
the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 

Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement, the borrowing of Loans and
the use of the proceeds thereof. 

Type, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of
interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes
certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

22 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for
(a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United
States government securities; provided, that for purposes of notice requirements in Sections 2.03, 2.08 and 2.11 in each case, such day is also a Business Day. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.17(e)(ii)(B)(3). 

Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a
result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and
conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel,
reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any
other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that
Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

SECTION 1.02.
Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a SOFR Loan). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a
SOFR Borrowing). 

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular
and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed
to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or
reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such
amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and
hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be
construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all
tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 

23 

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with (i) except for purposes of Section 6.07, GAAP, as in effect from time to time; providedthat, if the Borrower notifies
the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the
Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof,
then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith; and
(ii) for purposes of Section 6.07, GAAP, as in effect on December 31, 2024. 

SECTION 1.05.
Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (i) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to
Term SOFR or other rates in the definition of Term SOFR or with respect to any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any then-current Benchmark or any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or
characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.14(c), will be similar to, or produce the same value or
economic equivalence of, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, or have the same volume or liquidity as did Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (ii) the effect, implementation or composition of any
Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of a Benchmark, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or
any relevant adjustments thereto and such transactions may be adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any Benchmark, any component definition thereof or
rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special,
punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information
source or service. 

SECTION 1.06. Divisions. For all purposes hereunder, in connection with any division or plan of division under
Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to
have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity
Interests at such time. 

ARTICLE II 

The Credits 

SECTION
2.01. Commitments. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in
(i) such Lenders Exposure exceeding such Lenders Commitment or (ii) the sum of the total Exposures exceeding the total Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the
Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Loans. 

24 

(b) The Borrower shall have the right, without the consent of the Lenders but with the prior
approval of the Administrative Agent, not to be unreasonably withheld, to cause from time to time an increase in the total Commitments of the Lenders by adding to this Agreement one or more additional Lenders or by allowing one or more Lenders to
increase their respective Commitments; providedhowever (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred hereunder which is continuing, (ii) no such increase shall cause the aggregate Commitments hereunder to exceed
$1,700,000,000, and (iii) no Lenders Commitment shall be increased without such Lenders consent. 

(c) Provided no Default
or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may, upon prior written notice to the Administrative Agent sent not less than fifteen (15) days and not more than sixty (60) days prior to the Maturity Date, elect to have
the entire principal balance of the Loans then outstanding continued as non-revolving term loans (the Term Loans) due and payable on the Term Loan Maturity Date; provided, the Borrower may
exercise the Term-Out only once during the term of this Agreement, such exercise shall result in the permanent termination of the Commitments, and the Borrower may repay, but not reborrow, the Term Loans. As a
condition precedent to the Term-Out, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of the Borrower dated the effective date of the Term-Out signed
by a Financial Officer of the Borrower, certifying that: (i) the resolutions adopted by the Borrower approving or consenting to the Term-Out are attached thereto and such resolutions are true and correct
and have not been altered, amended or repealed and are in full force and effect and (ii) before and after giving effect to the Term-Out, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article
III and the EPD Guaranty Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the effective date of the Term-Out, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically
refer to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date and (B) that no Default or Event of Default exists, is continuing, or would result from the
Term-Out. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a one-timeTerm-Out fee equal to
1.00% of the outstanding principal of the Term Loans so continued, which shall be due and payable on the effective date of the Term-Out. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay any and all costs (if any) required
pursuant to Section 2.16 incurred by any Lender in connection with the exercise of the Term-Out.

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. (a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders
ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; providedthat the Commitments of the Lenders
are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lenders failure to make Loans as required. 

(b) Subject to
Section 2.14, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or SOFR Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign
branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; providedthat any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

25 

(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall
be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000 and not less than
$1,000,000; providedthat an ABR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; providedthat there shall not at any time be more than a total of twelve SOFR Borrowings outstanding. 

(d) Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request
by telephone (a) in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing (or, upon implementation of a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with
Section 2.14, by the Reference Time with respect thereto) or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such telephonic
Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify
the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i) the aggregate amount of the
requested Borrowing; 

(ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing; 

(iv) in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period
contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period; and 

(v) the location and number of the
Borrowers account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07. 

If no
election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested SOFR Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an
Interest Period of one months duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lenders Loan to
be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 

SECTION 2.04. Reserved. 

SECTION 2.05. Reserved. 

26 

SECTION 2.06. Reserved. 

SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings. (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof
by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 1:00 p.m., New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans
available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request. 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date, or with respect to an ABR Loan, prior
to 12:30 p.m., New York City time on the date, of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share
available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the
applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and
including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to such Borrowing. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such
amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing. 

SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections. (a) Each
Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert
such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions
of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time
that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic
Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request signed by the Borrower. 

(c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with
Section 2.02: 

27 

(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if
different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall
be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest
Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a SOFR
Borrowing; and 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after
giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. 

If any such Interest
Election Request requests a SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing. 

(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and
of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with
respect to a SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing
(i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 

SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the
earlier of (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date the Loans are converted to Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(c). 

(b) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments; providedthat (i) each reduction
of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the
Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, the sum of the total Exposures would exceed the total Commitments. 

(c)
The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying
such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable;
providedthat a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the 

28 

Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative
Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with
their respective Commitments. 

SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt. (a) The Borrower hereby
unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Loan on the Maturity Date or, if the Loans have been converted to Term Loans pursuant to
Section 2.01(c), each Term Loan on the Term Loan Maturity Date. 

(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance
with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time
hereunder. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder,
the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by
the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. 

(d) The entries made in the
accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be primafacie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; providedthat the failure of any Lender or the
Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and
deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) substantially in the form of note attached hereto as Exhibit F. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by
such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such
promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 

SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans. (a) The
Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section. 

(b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case
of prepayment of a SOFR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, or (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on
the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; providedthat, if a notice of prepayment is given in
connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of 

29 

prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a
Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $1,000,000 in the case of an ABR
Borrowing, or $3,000,000 in the case of a SOFR Borrowing. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by
Section 2.13 and any breakfunding payments due under Section 2.16. 

SECTION 2.12.
Fees. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount of the Commitment of such Lender (whether used or unused)
during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates; providedthat, (i) if such Lender continues to have any Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such
facility fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lenders Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Exposure, and (ii) if such
Commitment termination is pursuant to the conversion of such Lenders Loans to Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(c), such facility fee shall thereafter accrue on the daily outstanding principal amount of such
Lenders Term Loan from and including the date on which such conversion occurs to but excluding the date on which such Term Loan is paid in full. Accrued facility fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and
December of each year, on the date on which the Commitments terminate and, if applicable, on the Term Loan Maturity Date, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof; providedthat any facility fees accruing after
the date on which the Commitments terminate (other than pursuant to the conversion of the Loans to Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(c)) shall be payable on demand. All facility fees shall be computed on the basis of a
year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(b)
Reserved. 

(c) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times
separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

(d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due,
in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, in the case of facility fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 

(e) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, during such period as a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender will not be
entitled to any facility fees accruing during such period pursuant to Section 2.12(a) with respect to any unfunded portion of such Lenders Commitment (without prejudice to the rights of the Non-Defaulting Lenders in respect of any fees due such Non-Defaulting Lenders under such Section 2.12(a)). 

30 

SECTION 2.13. Interest. 

(a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest on each day at the Alternate Base Rate for such day plus an amount equal to
the ABR Spread set forth in the pricing grid set forth in the defined term Applicable Rate that would be applicable to ABR Loans on such day. 

(b) The Loans comprising each SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest on each day at Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such
Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other
amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case
of overdue principal of any Loan, 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2% plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in
paragraph (a) of this Section. 

(d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such
Loan and upon termination of the Commitments, and, in the case of Term Loans, on the Term Loan Maturity Date; providedthat (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand,
(ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such
repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 

(e) All interest determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR or clauses (b) or (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate
shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, and all other interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the
first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(f) In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from
time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other loan document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or
any other loan document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 

31 

SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest. Subject to clause (c) below, if prior
to the commencement of any Interest Period for a SOFR Borrowing: 

(a) the Administrative Agent determines (which
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period; or 

(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period will not
adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; 

then the
Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telecopy as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such
notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a SOFR Borrowing shall be ineffective, and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a SOFR
Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing; providedthat if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowing, then the other Type of Borrowing shall be permitted. 

(c) Benchmark Replacement Setting. 

(i) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other loan document, if a Benchmark
Replacement occurs prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any
other party to, this Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from the Required Lenders. 

(ii) Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will
have the right to make (in consultation with the Borrower) Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other loan document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become
effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 

(iii) Notices; Standards for
Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (B) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes, and (C) the removal
or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.14(c)(iv) below. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders)
pursuant to this Section 2.14(c), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their reasonable discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement, except,
in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14(c). 

32 

(iv) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR) and either (1) any tenor for such Benchmark is not
displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (2) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has
provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark
settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (A) above either (1) is subsequently displayed on a
screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (2) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement),
then the Administrative Agent may (and, upon request of the Borrower and as soon as commercially reasonable, shall) modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously
removed tenor. 

SECTION 2.15. Illegality; Increased Costs. (a) If any Change in Law shall make it unlawful or impossible for
any Lender to make, maintain or fund its SOFR Loans, such Lender shall so notify the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall immediately give notice thereof to the other Lenders and to the Borrower,
whereupon until such Lender notifies the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer exist, the obligation of such Lender to make SOFR Loans shall be suspended. If such Lender shall determine
that it may not lawfully continue to maintain and fund any of its outstanding SOFR Loans to maturity and shall so specify in such notice, the Borrower shall immediately prepay (which prepayment shall not be subject to
Section 2.11) in full the then outstanding principal amount of such SOFR Loans, together with the accrued interest thereon. 

(b) If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or
for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in Section 2.13(f)); or 

(ii) impose on any Lender any other condition affecting this Agreement or SOFR Loans made by such Lender; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any SOFR Loan (or of
maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or
amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

33 

(c) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity
requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender, to a level
below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of such Lenders holding company with respect to capital
adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lenders holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(d) A certificate of a Lender setting forth, in reasonable detail showing the computation thereof, the amount or amounts necessary to
compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Such certificate shall further
certify that such Lender is making similar demands of its other similarly situated borrowers. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof, if such certificate complies
herewith. 

(e) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of
such Lenders right to demand such compensation; providedthat the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 90 days prior to the date
that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor; providedfurther that, if the Change in Law giving rise
to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 90-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof (to the extent that such period of
retroactive effect is not already included in such 90-day period). 

SECTION 2.16. Break Funding
Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any SOFR Loan other than
on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under
Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the assignment of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense (excluding loss of anticipated profits) attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth,
in reasonable detail showing the computation thereof, any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay
such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof, if such certificate complies herewith. 

SECTION 2.17. Taxes. (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made free
and clear of and without deduction for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; providedthat if the Borrower shall be required to deduct any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be
increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent or any Lender (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it
would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 

34 

(b) In addition, without duplication of any obligation in
Section 2.17(a) or (c), the Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 

(c) Without duplication of any other obligation in this Section 2.17, the Borrower shall indemnify the
Administrative Agent and each Lender, within 10 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by
or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom
or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority; providedthat the Borrower shall not be required to indemnify or
reimburse the Administrative Agent or a Lender pursuant to this Section for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted more than 90 days prior to the date that the Administrative Agent or such Lender notifies the Borrower of the
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted and of the Administrative Agents or such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor; providedfurther that, if the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or
asserted giving rise to such claims are retroactive, then the 90-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof (to the extent that such period of
retroactive effect is not already included in such 90-day period). A certificate setting forth, in reasonable detail showing the computation thereof, the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the
Borrower by a Lender, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower
shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(e) Status of Lenders. 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax with respect to payments made under any
loan document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other
documentation prescribed by any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. 

35 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in
Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A) and (B) and Section 2.17(f) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such
Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a United States person as
defined in section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, 

(A) any Lender that is a United States person as defined in
section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from United States federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) with respect to payments of interest under any loan
document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction
of, United States federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, and with respect to any other applicable payments under any loan document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, United States federal withholding tax
pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(2) executed copies
of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of
section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate), and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN, as applicable; or 

(4) executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in
the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial
owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; and 

36 

(iii) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do
so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter
upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority as a basis for
claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States federal withholding tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed thereby to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the
withholding or deduction required to be made. 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered under this
Section 2.17 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(f) FATCA. If a payment made to a Lender under any loan document would be subject to United States federal withholding tax imposed by
FATCA if such Lender fails to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at
the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any
Governmental Authority (including as prescribed by section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this
Section 2.17(f), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

(g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If the Administrative Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith,
that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17, it
shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other
Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any
interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided, that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any
penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an 

37 

indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position
than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax
had never been paid. This Section 2.17 shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential)
to the Borrower or any other Person. 

(h) Except for a request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b), no Foreign
Lender shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.17(a) or 2.17(c) if withholding tax is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement or
designates a new lending office. 

SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of
Set-offs. (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15,
2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on
any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices
in New York, New York at such payment account as designated by Administrative Agent, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto;
provided, if any Lender shall become a Defaulting Lender, from and after the date upon which such Lender shall have become a Defaulting Lender, any payment made on account of principal of or interest on the Loans shall be applied as set forth
in Section 2.21(a)(ii), provided, further, that the application of such payments in accordance herewith shall not constitute an Event of Default or a Default, and no payment of principal of or interest on the
Loans of such Defaulting Lender shall be considered to be overdue, if, had such payments been applied without regard hereto, no such Event of Default or Default would have occurred and no such payment of principal of or interest on the Loans of such
Defaulting Lender would have been overdue. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall
be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All
payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars. 

(b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative
Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the
amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties. 

38 

(c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of
set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of
its Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary
so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans; providedthat (i) if any such participations
are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this
paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a
participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the
extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with
respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

(d)
Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the
Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such
payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to
but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

(e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.07(b) or
2.18(d), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders
obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 

SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations;
Replacement of Lenders. (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 or Section 2.13(f), or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any
Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign
its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to
Section 2.13(f), 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The
Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. Subject to the foregoing, Lenders agree to use reasonable efforts to select lending offices which will
minimize taxes and other costs and expenses for the Borrower. 

39 

(b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.13(f) or
Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender is a
Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions
contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations at par (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such
assignment); providedthat (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an
amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the
Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.13(f) or Section 2.15 or payments required to
be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a
waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. If any Lender refuses to assign and delegate all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement after
the Borrower has required such Lender to do so as a result of a claim for compensation under Section 2.13(f) or Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to
Section 2.17, such Lender shall not be entitled to receive such compensation or required payments. 

SECTION
2.20. Separateness. The Lenders acknowledge and affirm (i) their reliance on the separateness of EPD, Enterprise GP, Borrower and Manager from each other and from other Persons, including EPCO, EPCO Holdings, Inc. (Finco),
Duncan Family Interests, Inc. (DFI), DFI GP Holdings L.P. (DFI GP) and DFI Holdings, LLC (DFI Holdings), (ii) that other creditors of the Borrower, Manager, EPD or Enterprise GP have likely advanced funds to such
Persons in reliance upon the separateness of the Borrower, Manager, EPD and Enterprise GP from each other and from other Persons, including EPCO, Finco, DFI, DFI GP and DFI Holdings, (iii) that each of the Borrower, Manager, EPD and Enterprise
GP have assets and liabilities that are separate from those of each other and from other Persons, including EPCO, Finco, DFI, DFI GP and DFI Holdings, (iv) that the Loans and other obligations owing under this Agreement, the Notes and documents
related hereto or thereto have not been guaranteed by Manager, Enterprise GP, EPCO, Finco, DFI, DFI GP or DFI Holdings, and (v) that, except as other Persons may expressly assume or guarantee this Agreement, the Notes or any documents related
hereto or thereto or any of the Loans or other obligations thereunder, the Lenders shall look solely to the Borrower and, pursuant to the EPD Guaranty Agreement, EPD, and their respective property and assets, and any property pledged as collateral
with respect hereto or thereto, for the repayment of any amounts payable pursuant hereto or thereto and for satisfaction of any obligations owing to the Lenders hereunder or thereunder and that neither Enterprise GP nor Manager is personally liable
to the Lenders for any amounts payable or any liability hereunder or thereunder. 

40 

SECTION 2.21. Defaulting Lenders. 

(a) Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then,
until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

(i) Waivers
and Amendments. That Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 9.02(b). 

(ii) Reallocation of Payments. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative
Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VII or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant
to Section 9.08), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent
hereunder; second, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as
determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy
obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts then owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against that
Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts then owing to the Borrower as a result of
any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and sixth, to that Defaulting Lender or as
otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and
(y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior
to being applied to the payment of any Loans of that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed paid to
and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. Upon making any payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of a Defaulting Lender, the Borrowers obligation to pay such amount to such Defaulting
Lender shall be fully discharged and such Defaulting Lender shall have no recourse to the Borrower for the payment of such amount. 

(iii) Certain Fees. That Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any facility fees with respect to its
undrawn Commitment pursuant to Section 2.12(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that
Defaulting Lender). 

41 

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in
writing in their sole discretion that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein,
such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par such portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders and/or make such other adjustments as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Exposure of the Lenders to
be on a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective Commitments, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender and will be a Non-Defaulting Lender (and such Exposure of each Lender will
automatically be adjusted on a prospective basis to reflect the foregoing); provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting
Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Non-Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or
release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. 

(c) Termination of
Defaulting Lender Commitment. The Borrower may terminate the unused amount of the Commitment of a Defaulting Lender upon not less than five (5) Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent (which will promptly notify the
Lenders thereof), and in such event the provisions of Section 2.21(a)(ii) will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by the Borrower for the account of such Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of
principal, interest, fees, indemnity or other amounts), provided that such termination will not be deemed to be a waiver or release of any claim the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender. 

ARTICLE III 

Representations
and Warranties 

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is duly formed, validly existing and (if applicable) in
good standing (except, with respect to Subsidiaries other than Material Subsidiaries, where the failure to be in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect) under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business in all material respects as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and (if applicable) is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within the Borrowers limited liability company powers and have
been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company and, if required, member action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable
against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

42 

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not
require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect as of the Effective Date, other than filings after the
Effective Date in the ordinary course of business, (b) will not violate any law or regulation applicable to the Borrower or the limited liability company agreement, charter, by-laws or other
organizational documents of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any material
indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, or (except for the Existing Credit Facility) give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is prohibited hereby. 

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition. The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders the consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower
and its consolidated Subsidiaries and the related consolidated statements of income, equity and cash flow of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, such consolidated financial
statements audited by an independent accounting firm of national standing. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP. 

SECTION 3.05. Litigation and Environmental Matters.
(a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
(i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed
Matters) or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions. 

(b) Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to
any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to
obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental
Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. 

(c) Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change
in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.06.
Compliance with Laws. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing. 

43 

SECTION 3.07. Investment Company Status. Neither the Borrower nor any of its
Subsidiaries is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

SECTION 3.08. Taxes. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports
required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as
applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.09. ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA
Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION
3.10. Disclosure. Neither the Information Memorandum nor any of the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with
the negotiation of this Agreement (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; providedthat, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to
be reasonable at the time. As of the Effective Date, Borrower hereby certifies that the Borrower qualifies for an express exclusion to the legal entity customer definition under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

SECTION 3.11. Reserved. 

SECTION 3.12. Margin Securities. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities,
in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), and no part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used to
purchase or carry any margin stock in violation of said Regulations U or X or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock in violation of said Regulations U or X. 

SECTION 3.13. Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions Laws and Regulations. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain
policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions Laws and Regulations. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries and, to the
knowledge of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, their respective officers, employees, directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions Laws and Regulations in all respects (for the avoidance of doubt, this
representation shall not fail to be true and correct due to any failure or failures to comply with Anti-Corruption Laws (i) that are isolated and do not evidence a pervasive or systemic pattern of violations of such laws and regulations or a
significant deficiency in the implementation of the aforesaid policies and procedures to ensure compliance by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with Anti-Corruption 

44 

Laws or (ii) that arise from actions or incidents that have been publicly disclosed by the Borrower or disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to Lenders), in each
case, at least twenty (20) days prior to the Effective Date). Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries, or to their knowledge any of their directors or officers, or any of their respective agents acting or benefiting in any capacity in
connection with this Agreement, is a Designated Person or is knowingly engaged in any activity that could reasonably be expected to result in such Person becoming a Designated Person. No Loan, use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated
by this Agreement will result in a violation of Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions Laws and Regulations by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

ARTICLE IV 

Conditions

SECTION 4.01. Effective Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder shall not become effective until the
Effective Date which is scheduled to occur when each of the following conditions is satisfied: 

(a) The Administrative Agent (or its
counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy transmission of a
signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall
have received favorable written opinions (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of Christopher S. Wade, in-house counsel for Borrower and EPD and Willkie
Farr & Gallagher LLP, counsel for Borrower and EPD, substantially in the forms of Exhibits D-1 and D-2. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably
request relating to (1) the organization and existence of the Borrower and EPD, (2) the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Borrower, this Agreement or the Transactions, all in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, and (3) with respect to EPD, the authorization of the EPD Guaranty Agreement and any other legal matters relating to EPD. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received the EPD Guaranty Agreement dated as of the date hereof, duly and validly executed by EPD.

(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received each promissory note requested by a Lender pursuant to
Section 2.10(e), each duly completed and executed by the Borrower. 

(f) The Administrative Agent shall have
received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by the President, an Executive Vice President or a Financial Officer, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in Section 4.01(h) and
paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02. 

45 

(g) The Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall have received all fees and other
amounts due and payable to or on behalf of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced five (5) Business Days prior to closing, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 

(h) As of the Effective Date, no Material Adverse Change exists. 

(i) The Lenders shall have received (i) the audited financial statements for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024, and (ii) EPDs Form 10-K for such fiscal year. 

(j) All
necessary governmental and third-party approvals, if any, required to be obtained by the Borrower in connection with the Transactions and otherwise referred to herein shall have been obtained and remain in effect (except where failure to obtain such
approvals will not have a Material Adverse Effect), and all applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken by any applicable authority. 

(k) All obligations and indebtedness under the Existing Credit Facility shall be contemporaneously refinanced pursuant hereto and the Existing
Credit Facility shall have been terminated and replaced hereby. 

(l) The Borrower shall have entered into the Multi-Year Credit Facility,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, refinancing all obligations and indebtedness under the Existing Multi-Year Credit Facility, effective contemporaneous with the effectiveness hereof, providing for, among
other things, that each Lenders Applicable Percentage (as defined therein) thereunder is equal to such Lenders Applicable Percentage hereunder as of the effectiveness hereof, and the Administrative Agent shall have received a
copy thereof. 

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding.

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing (exclusive of
continuations and conversions of a Borrowing) is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) The representations and
warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date
of such Borrowing, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date. 

(b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

Each Borrowing shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs
(a) and (b) of this Section. 

46 

ARTICLE V 

Affirmative Covenants 

Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have
been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other
Information. The Borrower will furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 

(a) within 15 days
after filing same with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), copies of each annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q and
report on Form 8-K (or any successor or substitute forms) that EPD is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any successor
statute (the Exchange Act); 

(b) within 15 days after filing same with the SEC, copies of each annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q and report on Form 8-K (or any successor or substitute forms) that the Borrower is required to file
with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

(c) if the Borrower is not subject to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and EPD owns direct subsidiaries (other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries), promptly after becoming available and in any event within 105 days after the close of each fiscal year of the Borrower
(i) the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and (ii) the audited consolidated statements of income, equity and cash flow of the Borrower and its consolidated
Subsidiaries for such year setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the preceding fiscal year, which report shall be to the effect that such statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP; 

(d) if the Borrower is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and EPD owns direct subsidiaries (other than the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries), promptly after their becoming available and in any event within 60 days after the close of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the
Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and (ii) the unaudited consolidated statements of income, equity and cash flow of the Borrower for such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the
corresponding figures for the preceding fiscal year, all of the foregoing certified by a Financial Officer to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP subject to normal changes resulting from year-end
adjustment and accompanied by a written discussion of the financial performance and operating results, including the major assets, of the Borrower for such quarter; and 

(e) within 60 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a certificate of a Financial Officer
substantially in the form of Exhibit E (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred that is then continuing and, if a Default has occurred that is then continuing, specifying the details thereof and any action
taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, and (ii) setting forth in reasonable detail calculations demonstrating compliance with Section 6.07. 

47 

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the
Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following: 

(a) the occurrence of any Event of Default; and 

(b) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower or the Manager
on behalf of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 

SECTION 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business. The Borrower will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep
in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business; providedthat the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, amalgamation, consolidation,
liquidation or dissolution not prohibited under Section 6.03. 

SECTION 5.04. Maintenance of Properties;
Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and
(b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar
locations. 

SECTION 5.05. Books and Records; Inspection Rights. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep
in accordance with GAAP proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made in all material respects of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Borrower will, and will cause each
of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its
affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested. 

SECTION 5.06. Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules,
regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower and its
Subsidiaries will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions Laws and Regulations. The
Borrower shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender if the Borrower ceases to fall within an express exclusion to the legal entity customer definition under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, and (b) following
any such notice, promptly upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide the Administrative Agent or directly to such Lender, as the case may be, any Beneficial Ownership Certification as may be required by the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation or any other information or documentation reasonably requested by it for purposes of complying with the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

48 

SECTION 5.07. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans will be used only
(a) for the refinancing of the Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Facility, and for payment of transaction expenses related to the Transactions, and (b) for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other company
purposes. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations U and X. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall
not, and, to their knowledge, their respective officers, employees, directors and agents (in their capacity as officers, employees, directors or agents, respectively, of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries), shall not, use the proceeds of any
Loan (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Designated Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of such funding is the subject of any sanctions under any Sanctions Laws and Regulations (on the Effective Date,
Crimea, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia Regions of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk and Luhansk Peoples Republic regions of Ukraine and other non-Ukrainian controlled
regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria), (ii) in any other manner that would result in a material violation of any Sanctions Laws and Regulations by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or (iii) in furtherance of an offer, payment,
promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws. 

SECTION 5.08. Environmental Matters. The Borrower has established and implemented, or will establish and implement, and will cause each
of its Subsidiaries to establish and implement, such procedures as may be necessary to assure that (except for any failure of the following that, individually or in the aggregate, does not have a Material Adverse Effect): (i) all property of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the operations conducted thereon are in compliance with and do not violate the requirements of any Environmental Laws, (ii) no oil or solid wastes are disposed of or otherwise released on or to any property
owned by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries except in compliance with Environmental Laws, (iii) no Hazardous Materials will be released on or to any such property in a quantity equal to or exceeding that quantity which requires reporting pursuant
to Section 103 of CERCLA, and (iv) no oil or Hazardous Materials is released on or to any such property so as to pose an imminent and substantial endangerment to public health or welfare or the environment. 

SECTION 5.09 ERISA Information. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent: 

(a) within 15 Business Days after the institution of or the withdrawal or partial withdrawal by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or
any ERISA Affiliate from any Multiemployer Plan which would cause the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate to incur Withdrawal Liability in excess of $100,000,000 (in the aggregate for all such withdrawals), a written notice thereof
signed by an executive officer of the Borrower stating the applicable details; and 

49 

(b) within 15 Business Days after an officer of the Borrower becomes aware
of any material action at law or at equity brought against the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, any ERISA Affiliate, or any fiduciary of a Plan in connection with the administration of any Plan or the investment of assets thereunder, a written
notice signed by an executive officer of the Borrower specifying the nature thereof and what action the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto. 

SECTION 5.10 Taxes. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge, or cause to be paid and
discharged, promptly or make, or cause to be made, timely deposit of all taxes (including Federal Insurance Contribution Act payments and withholding taxes), assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon the Borrower or any Subsidiary
or upon the income or any property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided, however, that neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary shall be required to pay any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim if the amount, applicability
or validity thereof shall currently be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted by or on behalf of the Borrower or its Subsidiary, and if the Borrower or its Subsidiary shall have set up reserves therefor adequate
under GAAP or if no Material Adverse Effect shall be occasioned by all such failures in the aggregate. 

ARTICLE VI 

Negative Covenants 

Until
the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 

SECTION 6.01. Reserved. 

SECTION 6.02. Liens. The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) or EPD to,
create, assume, incur or suffer to exist any Lien, other than a Permitted Lien, on any Principal Property or upon any Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) owning or leasing any Principal
Property, now owned or hereafter acquired by the Borrower or such Subsidiary to secure any Indebtedness of the Borrower, EPD or any other Person (other than the Indebtedness under this Agreement), without in any such case making effective provision
whereby any and all Indebtedness under this Agreement then outstanding will be secured by a Lien equally and ratably with, or prior to, such Indebtedness for so long as such Indebtedness shall be so secured. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Borrower may, and may permit any Subsidiary (other than a Project Finance Subsidiary) and EPD to, create, assume, incur or suffer to exist any Lien upon any Principal Property to secure Indebtedness of the Borrower, EPD or any other Person (other
than the Indebtedness under this Agreement), other than a Permitted Lien without securing the Indebtedness under this Agreement, provided that the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness then outstanding secured by such Lien and all
similar Liens together with the aggregate amount of Attributable Indebtedness deemed to be outstanding in respect of all Sale/Leaseback Transactions (exclusive of any Permitted Sale/Leaseback Transactions), does not exceed 10% of Consolidated Net
Tangible Assets. 

50 

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes. The Borrower will not merge into or consolidate
with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets, or all or
substantially all of the Equity Interests of any of its Subsidiaries (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately
after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing (i) any Person may merge into or consolidate with the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving entity, (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower
may be merged into, amalgamated with or consolidated with another Subsidiary, change its jurisdiction of organization, or change the type of business entity in which it conducts its business, and (iii) Borrower may sell or otherwise dispose of
all or any portion of the Equity Interests of any of its Subsidiaries. 

SECTION 6.04. Investment Restriction. Neither the Borrower
nor any Subsidiary (other than a Project Finance Subsidiary) will make or suffer to exist investments in Project Finance Subsidiaries, in the aggregate at any one time outstanding, in excess of the sum of (i) the amount of investments existing
as of the Effective Date in Project Finance Subsidiaries, (ii) $150,000,000, and (iii) the amount of any portion of the investments permitted by this Section 6.04 repaid to the Borrower or any Subsidiary as a dividend,
repayment of a loan or advance, release or discharge of a guarantee or other obligation or other transfer of property or return of capital, as the case may be, occurring after the Effective Date. Computation of the amount of any investment shall be
made without any adjustment for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to such investment or interest or other earnings on such investment. 

SECTION 6.05. Restricted Payments. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Project Finance
Subsidiaries) to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except as long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (i) the Borrower and the Subsidiaries
may make Restricted Payments necessary to fund the Program, (ii) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments from Available Cash (as defined in the Company Agreement) from Operating Surplus (as defined in the Company Agreement) cumulative from
January 1, 1999 through the date of such Restricted Payment, (iii) any Subsidiary may buy back any of its own Equity Interests, and (iv) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may make payments or other distributions to officers, directors
or employees with respect to the exercise by any such Persons of options, warrants or other rights to acquire Equity Interests in EPD, the Borrower or such Subsidiary issued pursuant to an employment, equity award, equity option or equity
appreciation agreement or plans entered into by EPD, the Borrower or such Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; provided, that even if an Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, no Subsidiary shall be
prohibited from upstreaming dividends or other payments to the Borrower or any Subsidiary (which is not a Project Finance Subsidiary) or making, in the case of any Subsidiary that is not wholly-owned (directly or indirectly) by the Borrower, ratable
dividends or payments, as the case may be, to the other owners of Equity Interests in such Subsidiary. 

SECTION 6.06. Restrictive
Agreements. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement with any Person, other
than the Lenders pursuant hereto, which prohibits, restricts or imposes any conditions upon the ability of any Subsidiary (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) to (a) pay dividends or make other distributions or pay any Indebtedness owed to
the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or (b) make subordinate loans or advances to or make other investments in the Borrower or any Subsidiary in each case, other than restrictions or conditions contained in, or existing by reasons of, any

51 

agreement or instrument (i) existing on the date hereof and identified on Schedule 6.06, (ii) relating to property existing at the time of the acquisition thereof, so long as the restriction
or condition relates only to the property so acquired, (iii) relating to any Indebtedness of, or otherwise to, any Subsidiary at the time such Subsidiary was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into, or acquired by, the Borrower or a
Subsidiary or became a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation thereof, (iv) effecting a renewal, extension, refinancing, refund or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals, refinancings, refunds or replacements) of Indebtedness
issued under an agreement referred to in clauses (i) through (iii) above, so long as the restrictions and conditions contained in any such renewal, extension, refinancing, refund or replacement agreement, taken as a whole, are not materially
more restrictive than the restrictions and conditions contained in the original agreement, as determined in good faith by the board of directors of the Manager, (v) constituting customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any
leases of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or provisions in agreements that restrict the assignment of such agreement or any rights thereunder, (vi) constituting restrictions on the sale or other disposition of any property securing Indebtedness
as a result of a Lien on such property permitted hereunder, (vii) constituting any temporary encumbrance or restriction with respect to a Subsidiary under an agreement that has been entered into for the disposition of all or substantially all
of the outstanding Equity Interests of or assets of such Subsidiary, provided that such disposition is otherwise permitted hereunder, (viii) constituting customary restrictions on cash, other deposits or assets imposed by customers and
other persons under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, (ix) constituting provisions contained in agreements or instruments relating to Indebtedness that prohibit the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of
the obligor under that agreement or instrument unless the transferee assumes the obligations of the obligor under such agreement or instrument or such assets may be transferred subject to such prohibition, (x) constituting a requirement that a
certain amount of Indebtedness be maintained between a Subsidiary and the Borrower or another Subsidiary, (xi) constituting any restriction or condition with respect to property under an agreement that has been entered into for the disposition
of such property, provided that such disposition is otherwise permitted hereunder, (xii) constituting any restriction or condition with respect to property under a charter, lease or other agreement that has been entered into for the
employment of such property or (xiii) that is a Hybrid Security or an indenture, document, agreement or security entered into or issued in connection with a Hybrid Security or otherwise constituting a restriction or condition on the payment of
dividends or distributions by an issuer of a Hybrid Security. 

SECTION 6.07 Financial Condition Covenant. 

Ratio of Consolidated Indebtedness to Consolidated EBITDA. The Borrower shall not permit its Debt Coverage Ratio in each case for the
four full fiscal quarters most recently ended to exceed: 

5.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter; 

provided, following a Specified Acquisition (defined below), such ratio shall not exceed 

5.50 to 1.00 as of the last day of (i) the fiscal quarter in which the Specified Acquisition occurred (the Acquisition
Quarter), and (ii) the two fiscal quarters following the Acquisition Quarter. 

52 

As used herein, Specified Acquisition means, at the election of Borrower, one or more
acquisitions of assets or entities or operating lines or divisions in any rolling 12-month period for an aggregate purchase price of not less than $100,000,000; provided, in the event the Debt Coverage
Ratio exceeds 5.00 to 1.00 at the end of any fiscal quarter in which one or more acquisitions otherwise qualifying as a Specified Acquisition but for Borrowers failure to so elect shall have occurred, Borrower shall be deemed to have so
elected a Specified Acquisition with respect thereto; provided, further, following the election (or deemed election) of a Specified Acquisition, Borrower may not elect (or be deemed to have elected) a subsequent Specified Acquisition
unless, at the time of such subsequent election, the Debt Coverage Ratio does not exceed 5.00 to 1.00. 

For purposes of calculating such ratio the Project
Finance Subsidiaries shall be disregarded; however, such exclusion does not apply to, and there shall be included in such calculation, the amount of cash dividends or distributions payable with respect to such a period by a Project Finance
Subsidiary which are actually received by the Borrower or a Subsidiary (other than a Project Finance Subsidiary) on or prior to the date the financial statements with respect to such period referred to in Section 5.01 are
required to be delivered by Borrower. For purposes of this Section 6.07, if during any period of four fiscal quarters the Borrower or any Subsidiary acquires any Person (or any interest in any Person) or all or
substantially all of the assets of any Person, the EBITDA attributable to such assets or an amount equal to the percentage of ownership of the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, in such Person times the EBITDA of such Person, for such
period determined on a pro forma basis (which determination, in each case, shall be subject to approval of the Administrative Agent, not to be unreasonably withheld) may be included as Consolidated EBITDA for such period as if such acquisition
occurred on the first day of such four fiscal quarter period; providedthat during the portion of such period that follows such acquisition, the computation in respect of the EBITDA of such Person or such assets, as the case may be,
shall be made on the basis of actual (rather than pro forma) results. 

In addition, for purposes of this Section 6.07, Hybrid
Securities up to an aggregate amount of 15% of Consolidated Total Capitalization shall be excluded from Consolidated Indebtedness and Consolidated EBITDA may include, at Borrowers option, any Material Project EBITDA Adjustments as provided in
the definition thereof. 

ARTICLE VII 

Events of Default 

If any
of the following events (Events of Default) shall occur: 

(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan
when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise; 

(b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause
(a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; 

53 

(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower, EPD
or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in or in connection with this Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with
this Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made and such materiality is continuing; 

(d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02,
5.03 (with respect to the Borrowers existence) or 5.07 or in Article VI; 

(e) the Borrower
shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days
after written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender); 

(f)
the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) shall (i) fail to pay (A) any principal of or premium or interest on any Material Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Material Subsidiary (as the case may
be), or (B) aggregate net obligations under one or more Hedging Agreements (excluding amounts the validity of which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, if necessary, and for which adequate reserves with respect thereto
are maintained on the books of the Borrower or such Material Subsidiary (as the case may be)) in excess of $100,000,000, in each case when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or
otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Material Indebtedness or such Hedging Agreements; or (ii) default in the observance or performance
of any covenant or obligation contained in any agreement or instrument relating to any such Material Indebtedness that in substance is customarily considered a default in loan documents (in each case, other than a failure to pay specified in clause
(i) of this subsection (f)) and such default shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect thereof is to accelerate the maturity of such Material Indebtedness or require such
Material Indebtedness to be prepaid prior to the stated maturity thereof; for the avoidance of doubt the parties acknowledge and agree that any payment required to be made under a guaranty of payment or collection described in clause (c) of the
definition of Indebtedness shall be due and payable at the time such payment is due and payable under the terms of such guaranty (taking into account any applicable grace period) and such payment shall be deemed not to have been accelerated or
required to be prepaid prior to its stated maturity as a result of the obligation guaranteed having become due; 

(g) an involuntary
proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) or its debts, or of
a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar
official for the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or
decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

54 

(h) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) shall
(i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect,
(ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a
petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

(i) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or
fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; 

(j) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate uninsured amount
equal to or greater than $100,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other than Project Finance Subsidiaries) or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive
days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any such Material Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; 

(k) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected
to result in liability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $100,000,000 for all periods; 

(l) EPD takes,
suffers or permits to exist any of the events or conditions referred to in clauses (g), (h), (i) or (j) of this Article or if the section of the EPD Guaranty Agreement that contains the payment obligation shall for any reason cease to be valid
and binding on EPD or if EPD shall so state in writing; 

(m) the Manager or Enterprise GP takes, suffers or permits to exist any of the
events or conditions referred to in clauses (g), (h) or (i) of this Article; 

(n) a Change in Control shall occur; or 

(o) an Event of Default (as defined in the Multi-Year Credit Facility) shall occur and be continuing; 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (g) or (h) of this Article), and at any time
thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate
the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the 

55 

Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and
thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment,
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (g) or (h) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and
the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 

ARTICLE VIII 

The Administrative Agent 

SECTION 8.01 The Administrative Agent. 

Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such
actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 

The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender
and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate
thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 

The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except
those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing,
(b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is required to
exercise in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02), (c) except as expressly set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall
not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its
Affiliates in any capacity and (d) the Administrative Agent will not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any loan document or
applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt, any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or
termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any such law. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable to the Lenders for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such
other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02) or in 

56 

the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to
the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this
Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein,
(iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to
confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to
rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The
Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal
counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through
their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. Anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, neither the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Co-Documentation Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers nor the Joint Bookrunners
listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement, the Notes or any documents related hereto or thereto, except in its capacity, as applicable, as Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. 

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may
resign at any time by notifying the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the Borrowers approval (which will not be unreasonably withheld), to appoint another Lender as successor.
If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may,
with the Borrowers approval (which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and the Borrowers approval shall not be required if an Event of Default has occurred which is continuing), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor
Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank and such bank, or its Affiliate, as applicable, shall have capital and surplus equal to or greater than $500,000,000. Upon the
acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such 

57 

successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged
from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the
Administrative Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their
respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 

Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender for the purpose of making, acquiring, purchasing and/or holding the
commercial loan set forth herein and not for the purpose of investing in the general performance or operations of EPD, the Borrower and their Subsidiaries or for the purpose of making, acquiring, purchasing or holding any other type of financial
instrument such as a security. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem
appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder and agrees that it will not assert any claim under any federal
or state securities law or otherwise in contravention of this paragraph.. 

SECTION 8.02 Erroneous Payments. 

(a) If the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (any such Lender or other
recipient (and each of their respective successors and assigns), a Payment Recipient) that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding
clause (b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from the Administrative Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously
or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees,
distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the
property of the Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 8.02 and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender shall (or, with respect to any
Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in
writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon (except to the extent
waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in
same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent
to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

58 

(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender or any Person who has
received funds on behalf of a Lender (and each of their respective successors and assigns), agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees,
distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by
the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its
Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each such case: 

(i) it acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and mistake
shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such
payment, prepayment or repayment; and 

(ii) such Lender shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on
its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z)) notify the Administrative Agent of its
receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.02(b). 

For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.02(b) shall not
have any effect on a Payment Recipients obligations pursuant to Section 8.02(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made. 

(c) Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender
under any loan document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender under any loan document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that the Administrative
Agent has demanded to be returned under immediately preceding clause (a). 

(d) (i) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion
thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment
Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency), upon the Administrative Agents notice to such Lender at any
time, then effective immediately (with the consideration therefor being acknowledged by the Payment Recipient), (A) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) with

59 

respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class) in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as
the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) (on a cashless basis and such amount calculated at par
plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance)), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption (or, to the extent
applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such
Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (but the failure of such Person to deliver any such Notes shall not affect the effectiveness of the foregoing assignment), (B) the Administrative Agent
as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to have acquired the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (C) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect
to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under
the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender, (D) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall each be deemed to have waived any consents required under this
Agreement to any such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and (E) the Administrative Agent will reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. For the avoidance of doubt,
no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(ii) Subject to Section 9.04, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans
acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or
portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). In addition, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency
owing by the applicable Lender (x) shall be reduced by the proceeds of prepayments or repayments of principal and interest, or other distribution in respect of principal and interest, received by the Administrative Agent on or with respect to
any such Loans acquired from such Lender pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment (to the extent that any such Loans are then owned by the Administrative Agent) and (y) may, in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, be
reduced by any amount specified by the Administrative Agent in writing to the applicable Lender from time to time. 

60 

(e) The parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent
may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be
subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, to the rights and interests of such Lender) under the loan documents with respect to such
amount (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights) (provided that the Borrowers and EPDs obligations under the loan documents in respect of the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights shall not be duplicative of such
obligations in respect of Loans that have been assigned to the Administrative Agent under an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any obligations owed
by the Borrower or EPD; provided that this Section 8.02 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the obligations of the
Borrower relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent; provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, the immediately
preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower for
the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 

(f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right
or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the
Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

(g) Each partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 8.02 shall survive the resignation or
replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations (or any portion thereof) under
any loan document. 

ARTICLE IX 

Miscellaneous 

SECTION
9.01. Notices. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, and except as provided in Section 9.01(e), all notices and other communications provided for herein
shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows: 

(a) if to the Borrower, to it at 1100 Louisiana Street, 10th Floor, Houston, Texas 77002,
Attention of Treasurer (Telecopy No. 713/381-8200);

(b) if to the Administrative Agent, to
Citibank, N.A. Delaware, 1615 Brett Road, OPS III, New Castle, DE 19720; Attn: Agency Operations, Phone: (302) 894-6010, Fax: (646) 274-5080, Borrower inquiries:
AgencyABTFSupport@citi.com, Borrower notices and notifications: GlAgentOfficeOps@Citi.com, Disclosure Team Mail (Financial Reporting): GlAgentOfficeOps@Citi.com and oploanswebadmin@citi.com; with a copy to 811 Main St., Houston TX 77002,
Attention: Enterprise Products Account Officer; Telecopy: (713) 481-0247;

61 

(c) reserved; 

(d) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) of record with the Administrative Agent, which Administrative Agent
shall provide to the Borrower or any Lender upon request from time to time; and 

(e) The Borrower will have the option to provide to the
Administrative Agent all information, documents and other materials that it is obligated to furnish to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other document executed in connection herewith, including, without limitation, all
notices, requests, financial statements, financial and other reports, certificates and other information materials, but excluding any such communication that (i) relates to a request for a new, or a conversion of an existing, Borrowing or other
extension of credit (including any election of an interest rate or Interest Period relating thereto), (ii) relates to the payment of any principal or other amount due under this Agreement prior to the scheduled date therefor, (iii) provides
notice of any Default or Event of Default, or (iv) other than the requirements set forth in Sections 3.04, 4.01(i) and 5.01, is required to be delivered to satisfy any condition precedent to the effectiveness of this
Agreement and/or any Borrowing or any other extension of credit hereunder (all such non-excluded communications being referred to herein collectively as Communications), by transmitting the
Communications in an electronic/soft medium in a format acceptable to the Administrative Agent. The Borrower further agrees that the Administrative Agent may make the Communications available to the Lenders by posting the Communications on
DebtDomain, SyndTrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform). The Borrower acknowledges that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure and that there are
confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. The Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Communications,
or the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by the Agent Parties in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall
the Administrative Agent or any of its affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors or representatives (collectively, Agent Parties) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other
Person or entity for damages of any kind, including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers or the
Administrative Agents transmission of Communications through the internet, except to the extent the liability of any Agent Party is found in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from such Agent Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent agrees that the receipt of the Communications by the Administrative Agent at its e-mail address as specified by the Administrative Agent from time to time shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to the Administrative Agent for purposes of this Agreement and any other documents
executed in connection herewith. Each of the Lenders agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that the Communications have been posted to the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such
Lender for purposes of this Agreement and any other documents executed in connection herewith. Each of the Lenders agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (including 

62 

by electronic communication) from time to time of such Lenders e-mail address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission,
and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such e-mail address. Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to give any notice or other communication pursuant
hereto or any other document executed in connection herewith in any other manner specified herein or therein. 

Any party hereto may change its address or
telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been
given on the date of receipt. 

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments. 

(a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The
rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the
Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 

(b) Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in
writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; providedthat no such agreement shall (i) increase or extend the Commitment of
any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby,
(iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of
any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.18(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the
written consent of each Lender, (v) release EPD from any of its monetary obligations under the EPD Guaranty Agreement without the written consent of each Lender, or (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of
Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent
of each Lender; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided further
(x) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend any provision hereof (and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party hereto) if the Administrative Agent and the

63 

Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error or any error, ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or omission of a technical or immaterial nature in any such provision and (y) the
Administrative Agent (and, if applicable, the Borrower) may, without the consent of any Lender, enter into amendments or modifications to this Agreement or any of the other loan documents or enter into additional loan documents as the Administrative
Agent reasonably deems appropriate in order to implement any Benchmark Replacement or any Conforming Changes or otherwise effectuate the terms of Section 2.14(c) (subject to any requirement of Administrative Agent to
consult with Borrower that is expressly provided therein) in accordance with the terms thereof. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, during such period as a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, such Lender will not be entitled to vote in respect of amendments and waivers hereunder and the Commitment and the outstanding Loans or other extensions of credit of such Lender hereunder will not be taken into account in determining whether
the Required Lenders or all of the Lenders, as required, have approved any such amendment or waiver (and the definition of Required Lenders will automatically be deemed modified accordingly for the duration of such period);
provided, that any such amendment or waiver that would increase or extend the term of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender, extend the date fixed for the payment of principal or interest owing to such Defaulting Lender hereunder, reduce
the principal amount of any obligation owing to such Defaulting Lender, reduce the amount of or the rate or amount of interest on any amount owing to such Defaulting Lender or of any fee payable to such Defaulting Lender hereunder, or alter the
terms of this proviso, will require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.
(a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees,
charges and disbursements of one law firm as counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication (prior to the Effective Date) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement or
any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), and (ii) all
out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred during the existence of an Event of Default by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, including the fees, charges and
disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made
hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans. 

(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such
Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any
Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties
hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of
Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim,

64 

litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto;
providedthat such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available (x) to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such
Indemnitee or any Related Party of such Indemnitee, or (y) in connection with disputes among or between the Administrative Agent, Lenders and/or their respective Related Parties. 

(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent under paragraph (a) or
(b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount;
providedthat the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such. 

(d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any
theory of liability, for indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the
Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. 

(e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than 30 days
after written demand therefor, such demand to be in reasonable detail setting forth the basis for and method of calculation of such amounts. 

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted
assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Any Lender may assign to one or more assignees (other than the Borrower, EPD, any of their Affiliates or a Defaulting Lender or any of
their respective subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this parenthetical) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or
a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that (i) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender (or a lender or an affiliate of a lender under the Multi-Year Credit
Facility), each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent must give their prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (ii) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate
of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment, the amount of the Commitment of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with
respect 

65 

to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, (iii) each partial
assignment shall result in the assignor retaining a Commitment of not less than $10,000,000 and shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, (iv) the
parties (other than the Borrower) to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 (such fee waivable at Administrative Agents sole
discretion) , (v) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and (vi) no assignment to a foreign bank shall be made hereunder unless, at the time of such assignment,
there is no withholding tax applicable with respect to such foreign bank for which the Borrower would be or become responsible under Section 2.17; and provided further that any consent of the Borrower otherwise
required under this paragraph shall not be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in
each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender
thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights
and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 as to matters occurring on or
prior to date of assignment). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation
in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section. 

(c) The Administrative Agent, acting for this
purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in The City of New York, the address of which shall be made available to any party to this Agreement upon request: a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and
a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in
the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of
this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Lender as a Defaulting Lender. The Register
shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(d) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignees
completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph
(b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded
in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

66 

(e) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell
participations to one or more banks or other entities, other than a Defaulting Lender (a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its
Commitment and the Loans owing to it); providedthat (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the
performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this
Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision
of this Agreement; providedthat such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to
Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a
register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the loan documents (the Participant
Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any
commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any loan document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in
registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each
Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as
Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(f) A Participant shall not be entitled to
receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 or 2.17 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation
to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.17 unless the Borrower is
notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.17(e) as though it were a Lender and has zero withholding at the time of
participation. 

(g) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this
Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender to a Federal Reserve Bank or any central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; providedthat
no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

67 

(h) In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender
hereunder, no such assignment will be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount
sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent, the applicable prorata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy
in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full prorata share of
all Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder becomes effective under applicable law without compliance with the
provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

SECTION 9.05. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates
or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans,
regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any
credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the
Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this
Agreement or any provision hereof. 

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. 

(a) Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on
different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent
constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective on
the Effective Date, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy shall be
effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

68 

(b) Electronic Execution. The words execute, execution,
signed, signature, delivery and words of like import in or related to this Agreement, any other loan document or any document, amendment, approval, consent, waiver, modification, information, notice, certificate,
report, statement, disclosure, or authorization to be signed or delivered in connection with this Agreement or any other loan document or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures or execution in the form
of an Electronic Record, and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a
manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York
State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Each party hereto agrees that any Electronic Signature or execution in the form of an Electronic Record shall be
valid and binding on itself and each of the other parties hereto to the same extent as a manual, original signature. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the
parties of a manually signed paper which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed paper converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it;
provided that without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature from any party hereto, the Administrative Agent and the other parties hereto shall be entitled
to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the executing party without further verification and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly
followed by an original manually executed counterpart thereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout,
restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and EPD, electronic images of this Agreement or any other loan document (in each case, including with respect to
any signature pages thereto) shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, and (B) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the validity or enforceability of the loan documents based solely on
the lack of paper original copies of any loan documents, including with respect to any signature pages thereto. 

SECTION 9.07.
Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing
provisions of this Section, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law, as determined in good faith by the
Administrative Agent, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 

69 

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing and acceleration of the Loans shall have occurred under Article VII, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set
off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and
all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured;
provided, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender exercises any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off will be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of
Section 2.18 and, pending such payment, will be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (y) the Defaulting
Lender will provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the obligations under this Agreement owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender under
this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 

SECTION 9.09.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. (a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 

(b) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York
State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in
any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in
the courts of any jurisdiction. 

(c) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and
effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the
parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

(d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in
Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

70 

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY
OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING
WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

SECTION 9.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are
not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the
Co-Documentation Agents, and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates
directors, officers, managers, administrators, trustees, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature
of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority, (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process,
(d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (f) subject to an agreement
containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (including any pledgee or
assignee permitted under Section 9.04(g)), (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives) to any swap,
derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (iii) any rating agency, or (iv) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar
organization, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the
Co-Syndication Agents, the Co-Documentation Agents or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower and its Related Parties. For the
purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a
nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein prohibits any individual from communicating or disclosing information regarding suspected violations of laws, rules or regulations to a
Governmental Authority. 

SECTION 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time
the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the
Maximum Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder,

71 

together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan
but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such
cumulated amount, together (to the extent lawful) with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 

SECTION 9.14. Liability of Manager. It is hereby understood and agreed that Manager shall have no personal liability, as a member of
the Borrower or otherwise, for the payment of any amount owing or to be owing hereunder. 

SECTION 9.15. USA Patriot Act Notice.
Each Lender and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of
Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2003)) (the Act), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Borrower, which information includes the
name and address of Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify Borrower in accordance with the Act. The Borrower shall, following a request by the Administrative Agent or any
Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules
and regulations, including the Act. 

SECTION 9.16. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each
transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other loan document executed or delivered in connection herewith), Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its
Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by Administrative Agent, Arrangers and Lenders are arms-length commercial
transactions between Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and Administrative Agent, Arrangers and Lenders, on the other hand, (B) Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed
appropriate, and (C) Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other loan documents executed or delivered in connection herewith;
(ii) (A) Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Arranger is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or
fiduciary for Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) none of the Administrative Agent, nor any Arranger or any Lender has any obligation to Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other loan documents executed or delivered in connection herewith; and (iii) Administrative Agent, Arrangers and Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a
broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of Borrower and its Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to Borrower or its
Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in
connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 

72 

SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to
Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any loan document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto
acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any loan document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and
agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other loan document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

SECTION 9.18. Certain
ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and
(y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the
avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or EPD, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or
more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments; 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a
class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect
to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; 

73 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified
Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in,
administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement
satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection
(a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this
Agreement; or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative
Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either
(1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such
Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit
of the Borrower or EPD, that none of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger and their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of
and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any loan document or any documents
related hereto or thereto). 

[Signature Pages to Follow] 

74 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC

By: Enterprise Products OLPGP, Inc.,

its Manager

By: 

/s/ Christian M. Nelly

Christian M. Chris Nelly

Executive Vice President - Finance and

Sustainability and Treasurer

S-1 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Maureen Maroney

Name: Maureen Maroney

Title: Vice President

S-2 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Co-Syndication Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Emily Board

Name: Emily Board

Title: Vice President

S-3 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Co-Syndication Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Umar Hassan

Name: Umar Hassan

Title: Authorized Officer

S-4 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

as Co-Syndication Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Edward Sacks

Name: Edward Sacks

Title: Managing Director

S-5 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

MUFG BANK, LTD.,

as Co-Syndication Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Vidhya Rajasekar

Name: Vidhya Rajasekar

Title: Authorized Signatory

S-6 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

TRUIST BANK,

as Co-Syndication Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Lincoln LaCour

Name: Lincoln LaCour

Title: Director

S-7 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,

as Co-Documentation Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Sydney G. Dennis

Name: Sydney G. Dennis

Title: Director

S-8 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,

as Co-Documentation Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Sue Carol Sedillo

Name: Sue Carol Sedillo

Title: Authorized Signatory

S-9 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,

as Co-Documentation Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Alkesh Nanavaty

Name: Alkesh Nanavaty

Title: Executive Director

S-10 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

HOUSTON
BRANCH,

as Co-Documentation Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Joe Lattanzi

Name: Joe Lattanzi

Title: Managing Director

S-11 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK,

NEW YORK
BRANCH,

as Co-Documentation Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Lionel Baptista

Name: Lionel Baptista

Title: Authorized Signatory

S-12 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

a Lender

By: 

/s/ Alia Qaddumi

Name: Alia Qaddumi

Title: Director

S-13 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, a Lender

By: 

/s/ Andrew Sidford

Name: Andrew Sidford

Title: Managing Director

By: 

/s/ Gordon Yip

Name: Gordon Yip

Title: Director

S-14 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

a Lender

By: 

/s/ Anvar Musayev

Name: Anvar Musayev

Title: Vice President

S-15 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

a Lender

By: 

/s/ Beth Johnson

Name: Beth Johnson

Title: Senior Vice President

S-16 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

SOCIETE GENERALE, a Lender

By: 

/s/ Richard Bernal

Name: Richard Bernal

Title: Managing Director

S-17 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. NEW YORK BRANCH, a Lender

By: 

/s/ Cara Younger

Name: Cara Younger

Title: Managing Director

By: 

/s/ Armen Semizian

Name: Armen Semizian

Title: Managing Director

S-18 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

BANK OF MONTREAL, a Lender

By: 

/s/ Gennaro Costa

Name: Gennaro Costa

Title: Director

S-19 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH,

a Lender

By: 

/s/ Ming K. Chu

Name: Ming K. Chu

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Marko Lukin

Name: Marko Lukin

Title: Vice President

S-20 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., a Lender

By: 

/s/ Michael King

Name: Michael King

Title: Authorized Signatory

S-21 2025 EPO 364-Day Facility

SCHEDULE 2.01 

COMMITMENTS 

Lender Commitment Applicable Percentage 

Citibank, N.A. $ 76,744,186.04 5.11627907 % 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association $ 76,744,186.04 5.11627907 % 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 76,744,186.04 5.11627907 % 

Mizuho Bank, Ltd. $ 76,744,186.04 5.11627907 % 

MUFG Bank, Ltd. $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

Truist Bank $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

Barclays Bank PLC $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

Royal Bank of Canada $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp. $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

The Bank of Nova Scotia, Houston Branch $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

Bank of America, N.A. $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

PNC Bank, National Association $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

U.S. Bank National Association $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

Socit Gnrale $ 76,744,186.05 5.11627907 % 

Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.

New York Branch $ 68,023,255.81 4.53488372 % 

Bank of Montreal $ 68,023,255.81 4.53488372 % 

Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch $ 68,023,255.81 4.53488372 % 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. $ 68,023,255.81 4.53488372 % 

TOTAL $ 1,500,000,000.00 100 % 

SCHEDULE 3.05 

DISCLOSED MATTERS 

None 

SCHEDULE 6.06 

EXISTING RESTRICTIONS 

None 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF 

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and
is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the Assignor) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the Assignee). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to
them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the Credit Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby
agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 

For an
agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit
Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignors rights and obligations as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant
thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below (including, without limitation, any letters of credit included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all
claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered
pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in
equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned
Interest). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 

1. Assignor: 

2. Assignee: 

[and is an Affiliate of [identify Lender]]1

3. Borrower: Enterprise Products Operating LLC

4. Administrative Agent: Citibank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 

5. Credit Agreement: 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2025 among Borrower, the Lenders
from time to time party thereto, and the Administrative Agent. 

1 

Select as applicable. 

6. Assigned Interest: 

Facility Assigned Aggregate Amount

of

Commitment/Loans

for all Lenders Amount of

Commitment/Loans

Assigned2 Percentage

Assigned of

Commitment/Loans3 

Revolving Credit $ $ % 

7. [Trade Date: _______________________________4]

Effective Date: ___________________, 20___ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE
EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] 

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby
agreed to: 

ASSIGNOR

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Title:

ASSIGNEE

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Title:

[Consented to and]5
Accepted:

CITIBANK, N.A., as

Administrative Agent

By: 

Title

2 

Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the
Trade Date and the Effective Date. 

3 

Set forth, to at least nine decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.

4 

To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined
as of the Trade Date. 

5 

To be added only if the consent of Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

Exhibit A - Page 2 

[Consented to]6: 

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC 

By: 

Enterprise Products OLPGP, Inc.,

its
Manager

By: 

Title

6 

To be added only if the consent of Borrower is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

Exhibit A - Page 3 

ANNEX 1 to Assignment and Assumption 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

1. Representations and Warranties. 

1.1 Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest,
(ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other loan document,
(ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the loan documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other
Person obligated in respect of any loan document or (iv) the performance or observance by Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any loan document. 

1.2 Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action
necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an assignee under
Section 9.04(b) of the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement) as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a
Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.2 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents
and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently
and without reliance on Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement,
duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem
appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the loan documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations that by the terms of the loan documents
are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, Administrative Agent shall make all
payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts that have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts that have accrued from
and after the Effective Date. 

1 

3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and
inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

2 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF BORROWING REQUEST 

Dated __________ 

Citibank, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent 

Attention: __________ 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This Borrowing Request
is delivered to you by Enterprise Products Operating LLC (the Borrower), a Texas limited liability company, under Section 2.03 of the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement
dated as of March 28, 2025 (as restated, amended, modified, supplemented and in effect, the Credit Agreement), by and among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

1. The Borrower hereby requests that the Lenders make a Loan or Loans in the aggregate principal amount of $______________ (the
Loan or the Loans).1/

2. The Borrower hereby requests
that the Loan or Loans be made on the following Business Day: 2/

3. The
Borrower hereby requests that the Loan or Loans bear interest at the following interest rate, plus the Applicable Rate, as set forth below: 

Type of

Loan 

Principal

Component of

Loan 

Interest

Rate 

Interest Period

(if applicable) 

Maturity Date

for

Interest Period

(if applicable)

4. The Borrower hereby requests that the funds from the Loan or Loans be disbursed to the following bank account:
______________________________. 

1. 

Complete with an amount in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement.

2. 

Complete with a Business Day in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement.

1 

5. After giving effect to the requested Loan, the sum of the Exposures (including the
requested Loans) does not exceed the maximum amount permitted to be outstanding pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

6. All of
the conditions applicable to the Loans requested herein as set forth in the Credit Agreement have been satisfied as of the date hereof and will remain satisfied to the date of such Loans. 

7. All capitalized undefined terms used herein have the meanings assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Borrowing Request this _____ day of _______________, ______. 

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC

By: Enterprise Products OLPGP, Inc., its Manager

By: 

Name:

Title:

2 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF 

INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST

Dated _____________ 

Citibank, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent 

Attention: __________ 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This irrevocable Interest
Election Request (the Request) is delivered to you under Section 2.07 of the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2025 (as restated, amended,
modified, supplemented and in effect from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among Enterprise Products Operating LLC, a Texas limited liability company (the Company), the Lenders party thereto (the
Lenders), and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

1. This Interest Election Request is submitted for the purpose of:

(a) [Converting] [Continuing] a ____________ Loan [into] [as] a ____________ Loan.1/

(b) The aggregate outstanding principal balance of such Loan is
$______________. 

(c) The last day of the current Interest Period for such Loan is _____________.2/

(d) The principal amount of such Loan to be [converted] [continued] is
$_____________.3/

(e) The requested effective date of the
[conversion] [continuation] of such Loan is _______________.4/

(f) The requested Interest Period applicable to the [converted] [continued] Loan is ____________________.5/

1. 

Delete the bracketed language and insert ABR or SOFR, as applicable, in each blank.

2. 

Insert applicable date for any SOFR Loan being converted or continued. 

3. 

Complete with an amount in compliance with Section 2.08 of the Credit Agreement.

4. 

Complete with a Business Day in compliance with Section 2.08 of the Credit Agreement.

5. 

Complete for each SOFR Loan in compliance with the definition of the term Interest Period specified
in Section 1.01. 

1 

2. With respect to a Borrowing to be converted to or continued as a SOFR Borrowing, no Event
of Default exists, and none will exist upon the conversion or continuation of the Borrowing requested herein. 

3. All capitalized
undefined terms used herein have the meanings assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed
this Interest Election Request this _____ day of ___________________, ____. 

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC

By: Enterprise Products OLPGP, Inc.,

its Manager

By: 

Name:

Title:

2 

EXHIBIT D-1 and
D-2

FORMS OF 

OPINIONS OF COUNSEL FOR BORROWER AND EPD 

EXHIBIT E 

FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

The undersigned hereby certifies that he is the _______________________ of ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OLPGP, INC. a Delaware corporation, manager of
ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC, a Texas limited liability company (the Borrower), and that as such he is authorized to execute this certificate on behalf of the Borrower. With reference to the
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2025 (as restated, amended, modified, supplemented and in effect from time to time, the Agreement), among the Borrower, Citibank, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent, for the lenders (the Lenders), which are or become a party thereto, and such Lenders, the undersigned represents and warrants as follows (each capitalized term used herein having the same meaning given to it in
the Agreement unless otherwise specified); 

(a) [There currently does not exist any Default under the Agreement.] [Attached hereto is a
schedule specifying the details of [a] certain Default[s] which exist under the Agreement and the action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.] 

(b) Attached hereto are the detailed computations necessary to determine whether the Borrower is in compliance with
Section 6.07 of the Agreement as of the end of the [fiscal quarter][fiscal year] ending ________________. 

EXECUTED AND DELIVERED this ____ day of _________________, 20__. 

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC

By: Enterprise Products OLPGP, Inc.,

its Manager

By: 

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT F 

FORM OF 

NOTE 

(364-Day Revolving Credit Facility) 

$_____________ _______, 202__

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC, a Texas limited liability company (the Borrower), for
value received, promises and agrees to pay to ______________________________ (the Lender), or order, at the payment office of CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, at __________, the principal sum of
______________________________ AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($_____________), or such lesser amount as shall equal the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans owed to the Lender under the Credit Agreement, as hereafter defined, in lawful money of the
United States of America and in immediately available funds, on the dates and in the principal amounts provided in the Credit Agreement, and to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount as provided in the Credit Agreement for such Loans, at such
office, in like money and funds, for the period commencing on the date of each such Loan until such Loan shall be paid in full, at the rates per annum and on the dates provided in the Credit Agreement. 

This note evidences the Loans owed to the Lender under that certain 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement
dated as of March 28, 2025, by and among the Borrower, Citibank, N.A., individually, as Administrative Agent, and the other financial institutions parties thereto (including the Lender) (such Credit Agreement, together with all amendments or
supplements thereto, being the Credit Agreement), and shall be governed by the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used in this note and not defined in this note, but which are defined in the Credit Agreement, have the respective
meanings herein as are assigned to them in the Credit Agreement. 

The Lender is hereby authorized by the Borrower to endorse on Schedule A
(or a continuation thereof) attached to this note, the Type of each Loan owed to the Lender, the amount and date of each payment or prepayment of principal of each such Loan received by the Lender and the Interest Periods and interest rates
applicable to each Loan, provided that any failure by the Lender to make any such endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement or under this note in respect of such Loans. 

This note may be held by the Lender for the account of its applicable lending office and, except as otherwise provided in the Credit
Agreement, may be transferred from one lending office of the Lender to another lending office of the Lender from time to time as the Lender may determine. 

Except only for any notices which are specifically required by the Credit Agreement, the Borrower/ and any and all co-makers, endorsers, guarantors and sureties severally waive notice (including but not limited to notice of intent to accelerate and notice of acceleration, notice of protest and notice of dishonor), demand,
presentment for payment, protest, diligence in collecting and the filing of suit for the purpose of fixing liability, and consent that the time of payment hereof may be extended and re-extended from time to
time without notice to any of them. Each such person agrees that its liability on or with respect to this note shall not be affected by any release of or change in any guaranty or security at any time existing or by any

1 

failure to perfect or maintain perfection of any lien against or security interest in any such security or the partial or complete unenforceability of any guaranty or other surety obligation, in
each case in whole or in part, with or without notice and before or after maturity. 

The Credit Agreement provides for the acceleration of
the maturity of this note upon the occurrence of certain events and for prepayment of Loans upon the terms and conditions specified therein. Reference is made to the Credit Agreement for all other pertinent purposes. 

This note is issued pursuant to and is entitled to the benefits of the Credit Agreement. 

It is hereby understood and agreed that Enterprise Products OLPGP, Inc., the Manager of the Borrower, shall have no personal liability, as
Manager or otherwise, for the payment of any amount owing or to be owing hereunder. 

THISNOTESHALLBECONSTRUEDINACCORDANCEWITHANDBEGOVERNEDBYTHELAWOFTHE STATEOF NEW YORKANDTHE UNITED STATESOF AMERICAFROMTIMETOTIMEINEFFECT. 

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC

By: Enterprise Products OLPGP, Inc., its Manager

By: 

Name:

Title:

2 

SCHEDULE A 

TO 

NOTE 

This note evidences the Loans owed to the Lender under the Credit Agreement, in the principal amount set forth below and the applicable Interest Periods and
rates for each such Loan, subject to the payments of principal set forth below: 

SCHEDULE 

OF 

LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST 

Date 

Interest

Period Rate Principal

Amount of Loan 

Amount of

Principal

Paid or

Prepaid 

Interest

Paid Balance of

Loans 

Notation

Made

by

3 

EXHIBIT G-1

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(FOREIGN LENDERS; NOT PARTNERSHIPS) 

(For
Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2025 (as amended, supplemented, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Enterprise
Products Operating LLC, a Texas limited liability company (the Borrower), Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as Lenders. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole
record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it
is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person
status on IRS Form W-8BEN (or W-8BEN E, as applicable). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this
certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently
effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By:

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[__]

Exhibit G-1 

EXHIBIT G-2

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(FOREIGN PARTICIPANTS; NOT PARTNERSHIPS) 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2025 (as amended,
supplemented, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Enterprise Products Operating LLC, a Texas limited liability company (the Borrower), Citibank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent, and the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as Lenders. 

Pursuant to the provisions of
Section 2.17(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is
not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign
corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a
certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN (or W 8BEN E, as applicable). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the
information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective
certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By:

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[__]

Exhibit G-2 

EXHIBIT G-3

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(FOREIGN PARTICIPANTS; PARTNERSHIPS) 

(For
Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2025 (as amended, supplemented, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Enterprise
Products Operating LLC, a Texas limited liability company (the Borrower), Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as Lenders. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole
record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the
undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code,
(iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign
corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with
IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form
W-8BEN (or W 8BEN E, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN (or W 8BEN E, as
applicable) from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate
changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment
is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the
Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By:

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[__]

Exhibit G-3 

EXHIBIT G-4

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(FOREIGN LENDERS; PARTNERSHIPS) 

(For
Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the
364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2025 (as amended, supplemented, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Enterprise
Products Operating LLC, a Texas limited liability company (the Borrower), Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as Lenders. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole
record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any
Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other loan document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit
pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the
Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the
following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN (or W 8BEN E, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN (or W 8BEN E, as applicable) from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest
exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned
shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two
calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By:

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[__]

Exhibit G-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d945779dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

EXHIBIT 10.2

GUARANTY AGREEMENT 

THIS
GUARANTY AGREEMENT, dated as of March 28, 2025, by ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Guarantor), is in favor of CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Agent) for
the several lenders ( Lenders) that are or become parties to the Credit Agreement defined below. 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, Enterprise Products Operating LLC
(Borrower) has entered into that certain 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement of even date herewith among Borrower, Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto (as the same may be
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement); and 

WHEREAS, one of the terms
and conditions stated in the Credit Agreement for the making of the loans described therein is the execution and delivery to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders of this Guaranty Agreement; 

NOW, THEREFORE, (i) in order to comply with the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, (ii) to induce the Lenders, at any
time or from time to time, to loan monies, with or without security to or for the account of Borrower in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement, (iii) at the special insistence and request of the Lenders, and (iv) for other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Guarantor hereby agrees as follows: 

ARTICLE 1

General Terms 

Section 1.1 Terms Defined Above. As used in this Guaranty Agreement, the terms Agent,
Borrower, Credit Agreement, Guarantor and Lenders shall have the meanings indicated above. 

Section 1.2 Certain Definitions. As used in this Guaranty Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings, unless
the context otherwise requires: 

Guarantor Claims shall have the meaning indicated in Section 4.1 hereof. 

Guaranty Agreement shall mean this Guaranty Agreement, as the same may from time to time be amended, supplemented, or
otherwise modified. 

Liabilities shall mean (a) any and all Indebtedness of the Borrower pursuant to the Credit
Agreement, including without limitation (i) the unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans, including without limitation, interest accruing subsequent to the filing of a petition or other action concerning bankruptcy or other similar
proceeding, and (ii) payment of any other amount owed by the Borrower under the Credit Agreement, including without limitation, fees and indemnity payments, and (b) all renewals, rearrangements, increases, extensions for any period,
amendments, supplements, exchanges or reissuances in whole or in part of the Indebtedness of Borrower under the Credit Agreement, or any other documents or instruments evidencing any of the above. 

Section 1.3 Credit Agreement Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, all
terms beginning with a capital letter which are defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the same meanings herein as therein. 

ARTICLE
2 

The Guaranty

Section 2.1 Liabilities Guaranteed. Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favor of the Agent for the
benefit of the Lenders the prompt payment of the Liabilities when due, whether at maturity or otherwise. 

Section 2.2 Nature of
Guaranty. This Guaranty Agreement is an absolute, irrevocable, completed and continuing guaranty of payment and not a guaranty of collection, and no notice of the Liabilities or any extension of credit already or hereafter contracted by or
extended to Borrower need be given to Guarantor. This Guaranty Agreement may not be revoked by Guarantor and shall continue to be effective with respect to debt under the Liabilities arising or created after any attempted revocation by Guarantor and
shall remain in full force and effect until the Liabilities are paid in full and the Commitments are terminated, notwithstanding that from time to time prior thereto no Liabilities may be outstanding. Borrower and the Lenders may modify, alter,
rearrange, extend for any period and/or renew from time to time the Liabilities, and the Lenders may waive any Default or Events of Default without notice to the Guarantor and in such event Guarantor will remain fully bound hereunder on the
Liabilities. This Guaranty Agreement shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of the Liabilities is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by any of the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy
or reorganization of Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. This Guaranty Agreement may be enforced by the Agent and any subsequent holder of any of the Liabilities and shall not be discharged by the assignment or
negotiation of all or part of the Liabilities. Guarantor hereby expressly waives presentment, demand, notice of non-payment, protest and notice of protest and dishonor, notice of Default or Event of Default,
notice of intent to accelerate the maturity and notice of acceleration of the maturity and any other notice in connection with the Liabilities, and also notice of acceptance of this Guaranty Agreement, acceptance on the part of the Agent for the
benefit of the Lenders being conclusively presumed by the Lenders request for this Guaranty Agreement and delivery of the same to the Agent. 

Section 2.3 Agents Rights. Guarantor authorizes the Agent, without notice or demand and without affecting Guarantors
liability hereunder, to take and hold security for the payment of this Guaranty Agreement and/or the Liabilities, and exchange, enforce, waive and release any such security; and to apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof
as the Agent in its discretion may determine; and to obtain a guaranty of the Liabilities from any one or more Persons and at any time or times to enforce, waive, rearrange, modify, limit or release any of such other Persons from their obligations
under such guaranties. 

2 

Section 2.4 Guarantors Waivers. 

(a) General. Guarantor waives any right to require any of the Lenders to (i) proceed against Borrower or any other
person liable on the Liabilities, (ii) enforce any of their rights against any other guarantor of the Liabilities, (iii) proceed or enforce any of their rights against or exhaust any security given to secure the Liabilities, (iv) have
Borrower joined with Guarantor in any suit arising out of this Guaranty Agreement and/or the Liabilities, or (v) pursue any other remedy in the Lenders powers whatsoever. Except as provided in the Credit Agreement, the Lenders shall not
be required to mitigate damages or take any action to reduce, collect or enforce the Liabilities, and the failure to so mitigate or take any such action shall not release the Guarantor from this Guaranty Agreement. Guarantor waives any defense
arising by reason of any disability, lack of authority or power, or other defense (other than payment in full of the Liabilities) of Borrower or any other guarantor of the Liabilities, and shall remain liable hereon regardless of whether Borrower or
any other guarantor be found not liable thereon for any reason. Whether and when to exercise any of the remedies of the Lenders under the Credit Agreement shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of the Agent, and no delay by the Agent in
enforcing any remedy, including delay in conducting a foreclosure sale, shall be a defense to the Guarantors liability under this Guaranty Agreement. To the extent allowed by applicable law, the Guarantor hereby waives any good faith duty on
the part of the Agent in exercising any remedies provided in the Credit Agreement. 

(b) Subrogation. Until the
Liabilities have been paid in full, the Guarantor waives all rights of subrogation or reimbursement against the Borrower, whether arising by contract or operation of law (including, without limitation, any such right arising under any federal or
state bankruptcy or insolvency laws) and waives any right to enforce any remedy which the Lenders now have or may hereafter have against the Borrower, and waives any benefit or any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by the
Agent or any Lender. 

Section 2.5 Maturity of Liabilities; Payment. Guarantor agrees that if the maturity of any of the
Liabilities is accelerated by bankruptcy or otherwise, such maturity shall also be deemed accelerated for the purpose of this Guaranty Agreement without demand or notice to Guarantor. Guarantor will, forthwith upon notice from the Agent, pay to the
Agent the amount due and unpaid by Borrower and guaranteed hereby. The failure of the Agent to give this notice shall not in any way release Guarantor hereunder. 

Section 2.6 Agents Expenses. If Guarantor fails to pay the Liabilities after notice from the Agent of Borrowers
failure to pay any Liabilities at maturity, and if the Agent obtains the services of an attorney for collection of amounts owing by Guarantor hereunder, or obtaining advice of counsel in respect of any of its rights under this Guaranty Agreement, or
if suit is filed to enforce this Guaranty Agreement, or if proceedings are had in any bankruptcy, receivership or other judicial proceedings for the establishment or collection of any amount owing by Guarantor hereunder, or if any amount owing by
Guarantor hereunder is collected through such proceedings, Guarantor agrees to pay to the Agent the Agents reasonable attorneys fees. 

Section 2.7 Liability. It is expressly agreed that the liability of the Guarantor for the payment of the Liabilities guaranteed
hereby shall be primary and not secondary. 

3 

Section 2.8 Events and Circumstances Not Reducing or Discharging Guarantors
Obligations. Guarantor hereby consents and agrees to each of the following to the fullest extent permitted by law, and agrees that Guarantors obligations under this Guaranty Agreement shall not be released, diminished, impaired, reduced or
adversely affected by any of the following, and waives any rights (including without limitation rights to notice) which Guarantor might otherwise have as a result of or in connection with any of the following: 

(a) Modifications, etc. Any renewal, extension, modification, increase, decrease, alteration, rearrangement, exchange or
reissuance of all or any part of the Liabilities or the Credit Agreement or any instrument executed in connection therewith, or any contract or understanding between Borrower and any of the Lenders, or any other Person, pertaining to the
Liabilities; 

(b) Adjustment, etc. Any adjustment, indulgence, forbearance or compromise that might be granted or
given by any of the Lenders to Borrower or Guarantor or any Person liable on the Liabilities; 

(c) Condition of Borrower
or Guarantor. The insolvency, bankruptcy arrangement, adjustment, composition, liquidation, disability, dissolution, death or lack of power of Borrower or Guarantor or any other Person at any time liable for the payment of all or part of the
Liabilities; or any dissolution of Borrower or Guarantor, or any sale, lease or transfer of any or all of the assets of Borrower or Guarantor, or any changes in the shareholders, partners, or members of Borrower or Guarantor; or any reorganization
of Borrower or Guarantor; 

(d) Invalidity of Liabilities. The invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of all or
any part of the Liabilities, or any document or agreement executed in connection with the Liabilities, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation the fact that the Liabilities, or any part thereof, exceed the amount permitted by law,
the act of creating the Liabilities or any part thereof is ultravires, the officers or representatives executing the documents or otherwise creating the Liabilities acted in excess of their authority, the Liabilities violate
applicable usury laws, the Borrower has valid defenses (other than payment in full of the Liabilities), claims or offsets (whether at law, in equity or by agreement) which render the Liabilities wholly or partially uncollectible from Borrower, the
creation, performance or repayment of the Liabilities (or the execution, delivery and performance of any document or instrument representing part of the Liabilities or executed in connection with the Liabilities, or given to secure the repayment of
the Liabilities) is illegal, uncollectible, legally impossible or unenforceable, or the Credit Agreement or other documents or instruments pertaining to the Liabilities have been forged or otherwise are irregular or not genuine or authentic; 

(e) Release of Obligors. Any full or partial release of the liability of Borrower on the Liabilities or any part
thereof, of any co-guarantors, or any other Person now or hereafter liable, whether directly or indirectly, jointly, severally, or jointly and severally, to pay, perform, guarantee or assure the payment of the
Liabilities or any part thereof, it being recognized, acknowledged and agreed by Guarantor that Guarantor may be required to pay the Liabilities in full without assistance or support of any other Person, and Guarantor has not been induced to enter
into this Guaranty Agreement on the basis of a contemplation, belief, understanding or agreement that other parties other than the Borrower will be liable to perform the Liabilities, or the Lenders will look to other parties to perform the
Liabilities. 

4 

(f) Other Security. The taking or accepting of any other security,
collateral or guaranty, or other assurance of payment, for all or any part of the Liabilities; 

(g) Release of
Collateral, etc. Any release, surrender, exchange, subordination, deterioration, waste, loss or impairment (including without limitation negligent, willful, unreasonable or unjustifiable impairment) of any collateral, property or security, at
any time existing in connection with, or assuring or securing payment of, all or any part of the Liabilities; 

(h) Care
and Diligence. The failure of the Lenders or any other Person to exercise diligence or reasonable care in the preservation, protection, enforcement, sale or other handling or treatment of all or any part of such collateral, property or security;

(i) Status of Liens. The fact that any collateral, security, security interest or lien contemplated or intended to
be given, created or granted as security for the repayment of the Liabilities shall not be properly perfected or created, or shall prove to be unenforceable or subordinate to any other security interest or lien, it being recognized and agreed by
Guarantor that Guarantor is not entering into this Guaranty Agreement in reliance on, or in contemplation of the benefits of, the validity, enforceability, collectability or value of any collateral for the Liabilities; 

(j) Payments Rescinded. Any payment by Borrower to the Lenders is held to constitute a preference under the bankruptcy
laws, or for any reason the Lenders are required to refund such payment or pay such amount to Borrower or someone else; or 

(k) Other Actions Taken or Omitted. Any other action taken or omitted to be taken with respect to the Credit Agreement,
the Liabilities, or the security and collateral therefor, whether or not such action or omission prejudices Guarantor or increases the likelihood that Guarantor will be required to pay the Liabilities pursuant to the terms hereof; it being the
unambiguous and unequivocal intention of Guarantor that Guarantor shall be obligated to pay the Liabilities when due, notwithstanding any occurrence, circumstance, event, action, or omission whatsoever, whether contemplated or uncontemplated, and
whether or not otherwise or particularly described herein, except for the full and final payment and satisfaction of the Liabilities. 

5 

ARTICLE 3 

Representations and Warranties 

Section 3.1 By Guarantor. In order to induce the Lenders to accept this Guaranty Agreement, Guarantor represents and warrants to
the Lenders (which representations and warranties will survive the creation of the Liabilities and any extension of credit thereunder) that: 

(a) Benefit to Guarantor. Guarantors guaranty pursuant to this Guaranty Agreement reasonably may be expected to
benefit, directly or indirectly, Guarantor. 

(b) Existence. Guarantor is a limited partnership, duly organized and
legally existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and is duly qualified in all jurisdictions wherein the property owned or the business transacted by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so
qualified could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Power and Authorization. Guarantor is
duly authorized and empowered to execute, deliver and perform this Guaranty Agreement and all action on Guarantors part requisite for the due execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty Agreement has been duly and effectively taken.

(d) Binding Obligations. This Guaranty Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Guarantor,
enforceable in accordance with its terms (except that enforcement may be subject to any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws generally affecting the enforcement of creditors rights). 

(e) No Legal Bar. This Guaranty Agreement will not violate any provisions of Guarantors organizational documents
or any contract, agreement, law, regulation, order, injunction, judgment, decree or writ to which Guarantor is subject. 

(f) No Consent. Guarantors execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty Agreement does not require the
consent or approval of any other Person, including without limitation any regulatory authority or governmental body of the United States or any state thereof or any political subdivision of the United States or any state thereof. 

(g) Solvency. The Guarantor hereby represents that (i) it is not insolvent as of the date hereof and will not be
rendered insolvent as a result of this Guaranty Agreement, (ii) it is not engaged in business or a transaction, or about to engage in a business or a transaction, for which any property or assets remaining with such Guarantor is unreasonably
small capital, and (iii) it does not intend to incur, or believe it will incur, debts that will be beyond its ability to pay as such debts mature. 

6 

Section 3.2 No Representation by Lenders. Neither the Lenders nor any other
Person has made any representation, warranty or statement to the Guarantor in order to induce the Guarantor to execute this Guaranty Agreement. 

ARTICLE 4 

Subordination of Indebtedness 

Section 4.1 Subordination of All Guarantor Claims. As used herein, the term Guarantor Claims shall mean all
debts and liabilities of Borrower to Guarantor, whether such debts and liabilities now exist or are hereafter incurred or arise, or whether the obligation of Borrower thereon be direct, contingent, primary, secondary, several, joint and several, or
otherwise, and irrespective of whether such debts or liabilities be evidenced by note, contract, open account, or otherwise, and irrespective of the person or persons in whose favor such debts or liabilities may, at their inception, have been, or
may hereafter be created, or the manner in which they have been or may hereafter be acquired by Guarantor. The Guarantor Claims shall include without limitation all rights and claims of Guarantor against Borrower arising as a result of subrogation
or otherwise as a result of Guarantors payment of all or a portion of the Liabilities. Until the Liabilities shall be paid and satisfied in full and Guarantor shall have performed all of its obligations hereunder, Guarantor shall not receive
or collect, directly or indirectly, from Borrower or any other party any amount upon the Guarantor Claims if an Event of Default exists at the time of such receipt or collection. 

Section 4.2 Claims in Bankruptcy. In the event of receivership, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, debtors relief, or
other insolvency proceedings involving Borrower as debtor, the Lenders shall have the right to prove their claim in any proceeding, so as to establish its rights hereunder and receive directly from the receiver, trustee or other court custodian,
dividends and payments which would otherwise be payable upon Guarantor Claims up to the amount of the Liabilities. Guarantor hereby assigns such dividends and payments to the Lenders up to the amount of the Liabilities. Should the Agent or any
Lender receive, for application upon the Liabilities, any such dividend or payment which is otherwise payable to Guarantor, and which, as between Borrower and Guarantor, shall constitute a credit upon the Guarantor Claims, then upon payment in full
of the Liabilities, Guarantor shall become subrogated to the rights of the Lenders to the extent that such payments to the Lenders on the Guarantor Claims have contributed toward the liquidation of the Liabilities, and such subrogation shall be with
respect to that proportion of the Liabilities which would have been unpaid if the Agent or a Lender had not received dividends or payments upon the Guarantor Claims. 

Section 4.3 Payments Held in Trust. In the event that notwithstanding Sections 4.1 and 4.2 above, Guarantor should receive any
funds, payments, claims or distributions which is prohibited by such Sections, Guarantor agrees to hold in trust for the Lenders an amount equal to the amount of all funds, payments, claims or distributions so received, and agrees that it shall have
absolutely no dominion over the amount of such funds, payments, claims or distributions except to pay them promptly to the Agent, and Guarantor covenants promptly to pay the same to the Agent. 

7 

Section 4.4 Liens Subordinate. Guarantor agrees that any liens, security
interests, judgment liens, charges or other encumbrances upon Borrowers assets securing payment of the Guarantor Claims shall be and remain inferior and subordinate to any liens, security interests, judgment liens, charges or other
encumbrances upon Borrowers assets securing payment of the Liabilities, regardless of whether such encumbrances in favor of Guarantor, the Agent or the Lenders presently exist or are hereafter created or attach. Without the prior written
consent of the Lenders, Guarantor shall not (a) exercise or enforce any creditors right it may have against the Borrower, or (b) foreclose, repossess, sequester or otherwise take steps or institute any action or proceeding (judicial
or otherwise, including without limitation the commencement of or joinder in any liquidation, bankruptcy, rearrangement, debtors relief or insolvency proceeding) to enforce any lien, mortgages, deeds of trust, security interest, collateral
rights, judgments or other encumbrances on assets of Borrower held by Guarantor. 

Section 4.5 Notation of Records. All
promissory notes of the Borrower accepted by or held by Guarantor shall contain a specific written notice thereon that the indebtedness evidenced thereby is subordinated under the terms of this Guaranty Agreement. 

ARTICLE 5 

Miscellaneous 

Section 5.1 Successors and Assigns. This Guaranty Agreement is and shall be in every particular available to the respective
successors and assigns of the Agent and the Lenders and is and shall always be fully binding upon the legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns of Guarantor, notwithstanding that some or all of the monies, the repayment of which is
guaranteed by this Guaranty Agreement, may be actually advanced after any bankruptcy, receivership, reorganization, death, disability or other event affecting Guarantor. 

Section 5.2 Notices. Any notice or demand to Guarantor under or in connection with this Guaranty Agreement may be given and shall
conclusively be deemed and considered to have been given and received in accordance with Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement, addressed to Guarantor at the address on the signature page hereof or at such other address provided by the Guarantor
to the Agent in writing. 

Section 5.3 Construction. This Guaranty Agreement is a contract made under and shall be construed in
accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

Section 5.4 Invalidity. In the event that any one or more of
the provisions contained in this Guaranty Agreement shall, for any reason, be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Guaranty Agreement.

Section 5.5 Liability of General Partner and Manager. It is hereby understood and agreed that Enterprise Products Holdings
LLC, the general partner of the Guarantor, shall have no personal liability, as general partner or otherwise, for the payment of the Liabilities or any amount owing or to be owing hereunder. 

8 

Section 5.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. THIS WRITTEN
GUARANTY AGREEMENT EMBODIESTHE ENTIRE AGREEMENTAND UNDERSTANDING BETWEENTHE
AGENT, THE LENDERSANDTHE GUARANTORAND SUPERSEDES ALL OTHER AGREEMENTSAND UNDERSTANDINGS BETWEEN SUCH PARTIES RELATINGTOTHE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOFAND THEREOF. THIS WRITTEN GUARANTY AGREEMENT REPRESENTSTHE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEENTHE PARTIESAND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTEDBY EVIDENCEOF PRIOR,
CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTSOFTHE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO
UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEENTHE PARTIES.

Section 5.7 Submission to Jurisdiction. The Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property,
to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guaranty Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be
heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. The Guarantor agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit
on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Guaranty Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Guaranty Agreement against the
Guarantor or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. The Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of
venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guaranty Agreement in any court referred to above. The Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to
the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. The Guarantor irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 5.2 above. Nothing in this Guaranty Agreement will affect the right of
Administrative Agent or any Lender to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

SECTION 5.8 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE
GUARANTOR HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). THE GUARANTOR (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO OR ACCEPT THIS GUARANTY AGREEMENT
BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

9 

WITNESS THE EXECUTION HEREOF, as of the date first above written. 

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.,

a Delaware limited partnership

By: Enterprise Products Holdings LLC,

General Partner

By: 

/s/ Christian M. Nelly

Christian M. Chris Nelly

Executive Vice President Finance and Sustainability and Treasurer

1100 Louisiana Street, 10th Floor

Houston, Texas 77002

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d945779dex105.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.5
<TEXT>
EX-10.5

EXHIBIT 10.5

FIRST AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT (this First Amendment) is made and entered into as of the 28th day of March, 2025 (the First Amendment Effective Date), among ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC, a Texas limited liability company (Borrower), WELLS FARGO
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent), the Lenders party hereto, CITIBANK, N.A., JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., MIZUHO BANK, LTD., MUFG BANK, LTD. and TRUIST BANK, as Co-Syndication Agents, and BARCLAYS BANK PLC, ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, HOUSTON BRANCH, and THE TORONTO DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH, as Co-Documentation Agents, and WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, CITIBANK, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., MIZUHO BANK, LTD., MUFG BANK, LTD., RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,
TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC, THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, HOUSTON BRANCH and TRUIST SECURITIES, INC., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners. 

R E C I T A L S: 

A. On
March 31, 2023, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent entered into a certain Revolving Credit Agreement (the Existing Credit Agreement, and as amended hereby, the Credit
Agreement) whereby, upon the terms and conditions therein stated, the lenders party to the Existing Credit Agreement agreed to make certain Loans (as defined therein) and extend certain credit to Borrower. 

B. The parties hereto mutually desire to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as hereinafter set forth. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent hereby agree as follows: 

1. Certain Definitions. 

1.1 Terms Defined Above. As used herein, the terms Administrative Agent, Borrower, Credit
Agreement, Existing Credit Agreement, First Amendment and First Amendment Effective Date, shall have the meanings indicated above. 

1.2 Terms Defined in Credit Agreement. Unless otherwise defined herein, all terms beginning with a capital letter which are defined in
the Credit Agreement shall have the same meanings herein as therein unless the context hereof otherwise requires. 

1 

2. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement.

2.1 Defined Terms. 

(a)
The definition of 364-Day Credit Facility as defined in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

364-Day Credit Facility means the revolving credit facility of the
Borrower under that certain 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto,
together with any and all other amendments and supplements thereto, restatements thereof and any replacement 364-day credit facilities with respect thereto. 

(b) The term Agreement, as defined in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement, is hereby amended
to mean the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended hereby and as the same may be further amended, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

(c) The table set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate as defined in Section 1.01 of the Existing
Credit Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

Index Debt Ratings:

(Moodys/S&P) SOFR Spread ABR Spread Facility Fee Rate 

Category 1 A1/A+ 0.690 % 0.000 % 0.060 % 

Category 2 A2/A 0.800 % 0.000 % 0.075 % 

Category 3 A3/A- 0.900 % 0.000 % 0.100 % 

Category 4 Baa1/BBB+ 1.000 % 0.000 % 0.125 % 

Category 5 Baa2/BBB 1.100 % 0.100 % 0.150 % 

(d) The reference to December 31, 2022 in the definition of Material Adverse Change as
defined in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to refer instead to December 31, 2024. 

(e) The definition of Maturity Date as defined in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is
hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

Maturity Date means the fifth anniversary of the
First Amendment Effective Date, as may be extended pursuant to Section 2.01(c). 

2.2 Additional Defined Terms.
Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby further amended and supplemented by adding the following new definitions, which read in their entirety as follows: 

2 

First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to
Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date among the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 

First Amendment Effective Date means March 28, 2025. 

Swingline Sublimit means, at any time, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $100,000,000 and (b) the
unused portion of the Commitment of the Lender serving as Swingline Lender (which, as of the First Amendment Effective Date, is Wells Fargo Bank, National Association). 

2.3 Accounting Terms; GAAP. The reference to December 31, 2022 in the last sentence of
Section 1.04 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to refer instead to December 31, 2024. 

2.4 Swingline Sublimit. The reference to $100,000,000 in clause (i) of the first sentence in
Section 2.05(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to refer instead to the Swingline Sublimit. 

2.5 Beneficial Ownership Certification. The reference to Effective Date in the last sentence of
Section 3.10 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to refer instead to First Amendment Effective Date. 

2.6 The Administrative Agent. The last paragraph of Section 8.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by: 

(a) adding the following at the end of the first sentence thereof: 

and confirms, as of the First Amendment Effective Date (or such later date as it becomes a Lender hereunder), that it has entered into
this Agreement as a Lender for the purpose of making, acquiring, purchasing and/or holding the commercial loan set forth herein and not for the purpose of investing in the general performance or operations of EPD, the Borrower and their Subsidiaries
or for the purpose of making, acquiring, purchasing or holding any other type of financial instrument such as a security; and 

(b)
adding the following at the end thereof: 

and agrees that it will not assert any claim under any federal or state securities law or
otherwise in contravention of this paragraph. 

2.7 Confidentiality. Section 9.12 of the Existing Credit Agreement is
hereby amended by adding the following sentence at the end thereof: 

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein prohibits any individual
from communicating or disclosing information regarding suspected violations of laws, rules or regulations to a Governmental Authority. 

2.8 Issuing Bank L/C Commitment Schedule. Schedule 2.06(b) to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to
read as set forth on Schedule 2.06(b) attached hereto. 

3 

2.9 Extension of Maturity Date. Any request for an extension of the Maturity Date
made prior to the date of the First Amendment Effective Date shall be disregarded for purposes of Section 2.01(c) of the Credit Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Borrower may make up to two (2) requests for a one-year extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to such Section 2.01(c) after the First Amendment Effective Date. 

2.10 Conditions Precedent. The obligation of the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent to enter into this First Amendment
shall be conditioned upon the following conditions precedent: 

(a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each
party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this First Amendment signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy transmission of a signed signature page of this
First Amendment) that such party has signed a counterpart hereof. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall have received favorable written
opinions (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the First Amendment Effective Date) of Christopher S. Wade, in-house counsel for Borrower and EPD, and Willkie Farr &
Gallagher LLP, counsel for Borrower and EPD, substantially in the forms delivered in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably
request relating to (1) the organization and existence of the Borrower and EPD, (2) the authorization of the transactions contemplated hereby, this First Amendment and any other legal matters relating to the Borrower, this First Amendment
and the transactions contemplated hereby, or the Credit Agreement, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, and (3) with respect to EPD, the authorization of the Acknowledgement and
Ratification of EPD (referenced in clause (d) below), as Guarantor, and any other legal matters relating to EPD. 

(d) The
Administrative Agent shall have received an Acknowledgement and Ratification, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, duly and validly executed by EPD. 

(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the First Amendment Effective Date and signed by the President, an
Executive Vice President or a Financial Officer, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in Section 2.10(g) hereof and paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 of the
Credit Agreement. 

(f) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable to or on behalf of the
Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender on or prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced prior to closing, reimbursement or payment of all
out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower under the Credit Agreement. 

(g) As of the First Amendment Effective Date, no Material Adverse Change exists. 

4 

(h) The Lenders shall have received (i) the audited financial statements for the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and (ii) EPDs Form 10-K for such fiscal year. 

(i) All necessary governmental and third-party approvals, if any, required to be obtained by the Borrower in connection with the First
Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby and otherwise referred to herein shall have been obtained and remain in effect (except where failure to obtain such approvals will not have a Material Adverse Effect), and all applicable waiting
periods shall have expired without any action being taken by any applicable authority. 

(j) The Borrower shall have entered into the 364-Day Credit Facility, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, effective contemporaneous with the effectiveness hereof, providing for, among other things, that each Lenders
Applicable Percentage (as defined therein) thereunder is equal to such Lenders Applicable Percentage under the Credit Agreement as of the effectiveness hereof, and the Administrative Agent shall have received a copy thereof. 

(k) The Administrative Agent shall have received such other information, documents or instruments as it or its counsel may reasonably request.

2.11 Effectiveness. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.10
hereof, this First Amendment shall be effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date. 

3. Representations and Warranties. The
Borrower represents and warrants that: 

(a) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreement and the
other loan documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality is true and correct in all respects) on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, except to the
extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (except that any such representation and warranty that was qualified by
materiality was true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date); 

(b) as of the First Amendment Effective Date no Default has
occurred and is continuing; 

(c) the transactions contemplated hereby and the execution, delivery and performance hereof are within the
Borrowers limited liability company powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company and, if required, member action; 

(d) this First Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity,
regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law; and 

5 

(e) as of the First Amendment Effective Date, Borrower hereby certifies that Borrower
qualifies for an express exclusion to the legal entity customer definition under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

4.
Extent of Amendments. Except as expressly herein set forth, all of the terms, conditions, defined terms, covenants, representations, warranties and all other provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other loan documents are hereby ratified
and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect. The execution, delivery and effectiveness hereof shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent
under any of the loan documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the loan documents. 

5. Counterparts. This
First Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Each party hereto
agrees that any Electronic Signature hereto or execution hereof in the form of an Electronic Record shall be valid and binding on itself and each of the other parties hereto to the same extent as a manual, original signature. For the avoidance
of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the parties of a manually signed paper which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically
signed paper converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention.

6. References. On and after the First
Amendment Effective Date, the terms Agreement, hereof, herein, hereunder, and terms of like import when used in the Credit Agreement, and any references to the Credit Agreement in any other loan
document, shall, except where the context otherwise requires, refer to the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended hereby. 

7. Governing
Law. This First Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and applicable federal law. 

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT, THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, AND THE OTHER DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THEREWITH REPRESENT THE FINAL
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. 

THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 

This First Amendment shall benefit and bind the parties hereto, as well as their respective assigns, successors, heirs and legal
representatives. 

[Signatures Begin on Next Page] 

6 

EXECUTED as of the First Amendment Effective Date. 

BORROWER:

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS OPERATING LLC, a Texas limited liability company

By: Enterprise Products OLPGP, Inc.,

its Manager

By: 

/s/ Christian M. Nelly

Christian M. Chris Nelly

Executive Vice President - Finance and

Sustainability and Treasurer

S-1 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrative Agent, an Issuing Bank,

Swingline Lender and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Emily Board

Name: Emily Board

Title: Vice President

S-2 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Co-Syndication Agent, an Issuing Bank

and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Maureen Maroney

Name: Maureen Maroney

Title: Vice President

S-3 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Co-Syndication Agent, an Issuing Bank

and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Umar Hassan

Name: Umar Hassan

Title: Authorized Officer

S-4 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

as Co-Syndication Agent, an Issuing Bank

and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Edward Sacks

Name: Edward Sacks

Title: Managing Director

S-5 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

MUFG BANK, LTD.,

as Co-Syndication Agent, an Issuing Bank

and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Vidhya Rajasekar

Name: Vidhya Rajasekar

Title: Authorized Signatory

S-6 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

TRUIST BANK,

as Co-Syndication Agent, an Issuing Bank and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Lincoln LaCour

Name: Lincoln LaCour

Title: Director

S-7 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,

as Co-Documentation Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Sydney G. Dennis

Name: Sydney G. Dennis

Title: Director

S-8 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,

as Co-Documentation Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Sue Carol Sedillo

Name: Sue Carol Sedillo

Title: Authorized Signatory

S-9 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,

as Co-Documentation Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Alkesh Nanavaty

Name: Alkesh Nanavaty

Title: Executive Director

S-10 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

HOUSTON BRANCH,

as Co-Documentation Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Joe Lattanzi

Name: Joe Lattanzi

Title: Managing Director

S-11 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK,

NEW YORK BRANCH,

as Co-Documentation Agent and a Lender

By: 

/s/ Lionel Baptista

Name: Lionel Baptista

Title: Authorized Signatory

S-12 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., a Lender

By: 

/s/ Alia Qaddumi

Name: Alia Qaddumi

Title: Director

S-13 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, a Lender

By: 

/s/ Andrew Sidford

Name: Andrew Sidford

Title: Managing Director

By: 

/s/ Gordon Yip

Name: Gordon Yip

Title: Director

S-14 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

a Lender

By: 

/s/ Anvar Musayev

Name: Anvar Musayev

Title: Vice President

S-15 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

a Lender

By: 

/s/ Beth Johnson

Name: Beth Johnson

Title: Senior Vice President

S-16 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

SOCIETE GENERALE, a Lender

By: 

/s/ Richard Bernal

Name: Richard Bernal

Title: Managing Director

S-17 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA,

S.A. NEW YORK BRANCH,

a Lender

By: 

/s/ Cara Younger

Name: Cara Younger

Title: Managing Director

By: 

/s/ Armen Semizian

Name: Armen Semizian

Title: Managing Director

S-18 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

BANK OF MONTREAL, a Lender

By: 

/s/ Gennaro Costa

Name: Gennaro Costa

Title: Director

S-19 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH,

a Lender

By: 

/s/ Ming K. Chu

Name: Ming K. Chu

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Marko Lukin

Name: Marko Lukin

Title: Vice President

S-20 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., a Lender

By: 

/s/ Michael King

Name: Michael King

Title: Authorized Signatory

S-21 EPO Multi-Year 1st Amendment

SCHEDULE 2.06(b) 

ISSUING BANK L/C COMMITMENTS 

Issuing Bank L/C Commitment 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association $ 16,666,666.67 

Citibank, N.A. $ 16,666,666.67 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 16.666,666.66 

Mizuho Bank, Ltd. $ 16,666,666.66 

MUFG Bank, Ltd. $ 16,666,666.66 

Truist Bank $ 16,666,666.66 

TOTAL $ 100,000,000.00 

Schedule 2.06(b) 

EXHIBIT A 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND RATIFICATION OF GUARANTOR 

The undersigned (Guarantor) hereby expressly acknowledges the terms of the foregoing First Amendment to Revolving Credit
Agreement and hereby expressly (i) ratifies and affirms its obligations under its Guaranty Agreement dated as of March 31, 2023, in favor of the Administrative Agent; (ii) acknowledges, renews and extends its continued liability under
said Guaranty Agreement and Guarantor hereby agrees that its Guaranty Agreement remains in full force and effect; and (iii) guarantees to the Administrative Agent the prompt payment when due of all amounts owing or to be owing by it under its
Guaranty Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof. 

The foregoing acknowledgment and ratification of the undersigned
Guarantor shall be evidenced by signing in the space provided below, to be effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date. 

ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P., a Delaware limited partnership

By: Enterprise Products Holdings LLC,

General Partner

By: 

/s/ Christian M. Nelly

Christian M. Chris Nelly

Executive Vice PresidentFinance and

Sustainability and Treasurer

Exhibit A EPO Multi-Year Amendment
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>epd-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>epd-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>epd-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001061219

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-14323

Entity Tax Identification Number 76-0568219

Entity Address, Address Line One 1100 Louisiana

Entity Address, Address Line Two 10th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77002

City Area Code (713)

Local Phone Number 381-6500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Units

Trading Symbol EPD

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://enterpriseproducts.com//20250328/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d945779d8k.htm 
epd-20250328.xsd 
epd-20250328_lab.xml 
epd-20250328_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-067053-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d945779d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001061219 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

false 
0001061219 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
DE 
1-14323 
76-0568219 
1100 Louisiana 
10th Floor 
Houston 
TX 
77002 
(713) 
381-6500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Units 
EPD 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>