<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-062629.txt : 20250325
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-062629.hdr.sgml : 20250325
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250325164655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-062629
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Climb Bio, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001768446
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				832273741
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40708
		FILM NUMBER:		25768967

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 WILLIAM STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 145
		CITY:			WELLESLEY HILLS
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02481
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-866-857-2596

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 WILLIAM STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 145
		CITY:			WELLESLEY HILLS
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02481

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eliem Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190219
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d943630d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000176844600017684462025-03-252025-03-25

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 25, 2025

CLIMB BIO, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-40708 83-2273741

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

20 William Street, Suite 145

Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02481

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (866)857-2596

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share CLYM 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(The Nasdaq Global Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 25, 2025, Climb Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the Distribution Agreement) with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., as agent (Oppenheimer), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell shares of its common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), from time to time through Oppenheimer. The Company has also filed a prospectus supplement (the Prospectus Supplement) relating to the Distribution Agreement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Companys existing shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283166), which was declared effective on November 22, 2024 (the Registration Statement). Pursuant to the Prospectus Supplement, the Company may offer and sell shares of Common Stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $22.35 million under the Distribution Agreement (the Shares). 

Sales of the Shares, if any, under the Prospectus Supplement may be made in sales deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), including sales made in ordinary brokers transactions on the Nasdaq Global Market or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale. Oppenheimer is not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of securities but will act as sales agent using commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices on mutually agreed terms between Oppenheimer and the Company. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement. 

The compensation to Oppenheimer for sales of the Shares sold pursuant to the Distribution Agreement will be an amount equal to up to 3.0% of the gross sales price per Share sold under the Distribution Agreement. The proceeds the Company receives from sales of the Shares, if any, will depend on the number of Shares actually sold and the offering price of such Shares. The Company has also agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to Oppenheimer with respect to certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). 

A copy of the Distribution Agreement is attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the material terms of the Distribution Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. 

Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, counsel to the Company, has issued a legal opinion relating to the Shares. A copy of such legal opinion, including the consent included therein, is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. 

The Shares will be sold pursuant to the Registration Statement, and offerings of the Shares will be made only by means of the Prospectus Supplement. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Shares, nor shall there be any sale of the Shares in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities law of such state or jurisdiction. 

Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 

On March 25, 2024, the Company issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter ended and year ended December 31, 2024. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein. 

The information in this Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, whether filed before or after the date hereof and regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits: 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

1.1 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025, by and between Climb Bio, Inc. and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 

5.1 Opinion of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP. 

23.1 Consent of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1 above). 

99.1 Press release of Climb Bio, Inc., dated March 25, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

CLIMB BIO, INC.

Date: March 25, 2025 By: 

/s/ Aoife Brennan

Name: Aoife Brennan, M.B., Ch.B.

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d943630dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

CLIMB BIO, INC. 

COMMON
STOCK 

EQUITY DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 

March 25, 2025 

Oppenheimer & Co.
Inc. 

85 Broad Street, 26th Floor 

New York, New York 10004

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Climb Bio, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. (the Agent), as follows: 

1. Issuance and Sale of Shares. The Company agrees that, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth herein, it may issue and sell through the Agent shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock), subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5(c)
(the Placement Shares). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto agree that compliance with the limitation set forth in this Section 1 on the aggregate gross sales price of
Placement Shares that may be issued and sold under this Agreement from time to time shall be the sole responsibility of the Company, and that the Agent shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance. The issuance and sale of Placement
Shares through the Agent will be initially effected pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined below) filed by the Company and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on
November 22, 2024, although nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as requiring the Company to issue any Placement Shares. 

The
Company has prepared and filed, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), with the Commission a registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283166), including a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), relating to the securities of the Company,
including shares of Common Stock, to be issued from time to time by the Company, and which incorporates by reference documents that the Company has filed or will file in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act). The Company has prepared and will file a prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus, which specifically relates to the Placement Shares,
which may be issued from time to time pursuant to this Agreement (the Prospectus Supplement). The Company may file one or more additional registration statements from time to time that will contain a base prospectus and
related prospectus or prospectus supplement, if applicable (which shall be a Prospectus Supplement), with respect to the Placement Shares. The Company will furnish to the Agent, for use by the Agent, copies of the Prospectus Supplement. Except where
the context otherwise requires, such registration statement(s), and any post-effective amendment thereto, as amended when it became effective, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any
information contained in a Prospectus (as defined below) subsequently filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act or 

deemed to be a part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B or Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act, or any subsequent registration statement on Form
S-3 filed pursuant to Rule 415(a)(6) under the Securities Act by the Company with respect to the Placement Shares, is herein called the Registration Statement. The Base Prospectus and
the Prospectus Supplement, each of which forms part of the Registration Statement, as it or they may be supplemented by any additional prospectus supplement(s) and/or post-effective amendment(s), in the form in which such prospectus and/or the
Prospectus Supplement have most recently been filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, together with any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act
(Rule 433), relating to the Placement Shares that (i) is consented to by the Agent (ii) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company or (iii) is exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i),
in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g), is herein called the Prospectus. Any
reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated
Documents), including, unless the context otherwise requires, the documents filed as exhibits to such Incorporated Documents. Any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with
respect to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing after the execution hereof of any document with the Commission deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. For
purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus or to any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to the Electronic
Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR). All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information that is contained, included or stated in
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information that is incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be. All references in this Agreement to supplements to the Prospectus shall include any supplements, wrappers or similar materials prepared in connection with any offering, sale or
private placement of any Placement Shares by the Agent outside of the United States. The Companys obligations under this Agreement to furnish, provide, deliver or make available (and all other similar references) copies of any document shall
be deemed satisfied if the same is filed with the Commission through EDGAR. 

2. Placements. Each time that the Company wishes to
issue and sell any Placement Shares through the Agent hereunder (each, a Placement), it will notify the Agent by email notice (or such other method as may be mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) (each such notice,
a Placement Notice) containing the parameters in accordance with which the Company desires such Placement Shares to be sold, which at a minimum shall include the maximum number or amount of Placement Shares to be sold, the
time period during which sales are requested to be made, any limitation on the number or amount of Placement Shares that may be sold in any one Trading Day (as defined below) and any minimum price below which sales may not be made. A form of
Placement Notice is attached hereto as Schedule 1. The Placement Notice must originate from one of the individuals authorized to act on behalf of the Company and set forth on Schedule 2 (with a copy to each of the other
individuals from the Company listed on such Schedule 2), and shall be addressed to the Agent as set forth on Schedule 2, as such Schedule 2 may be updated by either party from time to time by sending a
written notice containing a revised Schedule 2 to the other party in the manner provided in Section 12 (including by email correspondence to each of the individuals of the Company or the Agent, as applicable, set forth on
Schedule 2, if receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply). The Placement Notice shall be effective upon receipt by the Agent unless and until
(i) in accordance with the notice requirements set forth in Section 4, the Agent declines in writing to accept the terms contained therein for any reason, in its sole discretion, 

2 

within two Trading Days of the date the Agent receives the Placement Notice, (ii) in accordance with the notice requirements set forth in Section 4, the Agent suspends sales under the
Placement Notice for any reason in its sole discretion, (iii) all of the Placement Shares covered by this Agreement or, if fewer, the Placement Shares covered by such Placement notice, have been sold, (iv) in accordance with the notice
requirements set forth in Section 4, the Company suspends sales under or terminates the Placement Notice for any reason in its sole discretion, (v) the Company issues a subsequent Placement Notice and explicitly indicates that its
parameters supersede those contained in the earlier dated Placement Notice or (vi) this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to the provisions of Section 11. The amount of any discount, commission or other compensation to be paid by the
Company to the Agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares effected through the Agent shall be calculated in accordance with the terms set forth in Schedule 3. It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that neither the
Company nor the Agent will have any obligation whatsoever with respect to a Placement or any Placement Shares unless and until the Company delivers a Placement Notice to the Agent and the Agent does not decline (and the Company does not provide
written notice of suspension or termination) such Placement Notice pursuant to the terms set forth above, and then only upon the terms specified therein and herein. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of a
Placement Notice, the terms of the Placement Notice will control with respect to the matters covered thereby. For the purposes hereof, Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is purchased and sold on the
principal market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted. 

3. Sale of Placement Shares by the Agent. On the basis of the
representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, including Section 5(c), upon the Agents acceptance of the terms of a Placement Notice as provided in Section 2, and unless the
sale of the Placement Shares described therein has been declined, suspended or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Agent, for the period specified in the Placement Notice, will use its commercially reasonable
efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable state and federal laws and the rules of the Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) to sell such Placement Shares up to the number or amount specified in, and
otherwise in accordance with the terms of, such Placement Notice. The Agent will provide written confirmation to the Company (including by email correspondence to each of the individuals of the Company set forth on Schedule 2, if
receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply) no later than the opening of the Trading Day immediately following the Trading Day on which it has made sales of
Placement Shares hereunder setting forth the number or amount of Placement Shares sold on such Trading Day, the volume-weighted average price of the Placement Shares sold and the Net Proceeds (as defined below) payable to the Company. Unless
otherwise specified by the Company in a Placement Notice, the Agent may sell Placement Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act, including sales made
directly on or through Nasdaq, on or through any other existing trading market for the Common Stock or to or through a market maker. If expressly authorized by the Company (including in a Placement Notice), the Agent may also sell Placement Shares
in privately negotiated transactions. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6(vv), except as may be otherwise agreed by the Company and the Agent, the Agent shall not purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement
unless the Company and the Agent enter into a separate written agreement setting forth the terms of such sale. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that the Agent will be successful in selling Placement Shares,
(ii) the Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other person or entity if it does not sell Placement Shares for any reason other than a failure by the Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with
its normal trading and sales practices and applicable laws and regulations to sell such Placement Shares as required under this Agreement and (iii) the Agent shall be under no obligation to purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis
pursuant to this Agreement unless the Company and the Agent enter into a separate written agreement setting forth the terms of such sale. 

3 

4. Suspension of Sales. 

(a) The Company or the Agent may, upon notice to the other party in writing (including by email correspondence at the email addresses of the
other party set forth on Schedule 2, if receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply) or by telephone (confirmed immediately by email
correspondence to each of the individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 2), suspend any sale of Placement Shares; provided, however, that such suspension shall not affect or impair either partys
obligations with respect to any Placement Shares sold hereunder prior to the receipt of such notice. While a suspension pursuant to this Section 4(a) is in effect, any obligation under Sections 7(m), 7(n), 7(o), and 7(p) with respect to the
delivery of certificates, opinions, or comfort letters to the Agent, shall be waived; provided, that upon delivery of a Placement Notice following a Representation Date (as defined below), the Company shall be subject to the obligations set
forth in Sections 7(m), 7(n), 7(o), and 7(p), as applicable. Each of the parties agrees that no such notice under this Section 4 shall be effective against the other party unless such notice is sent by one of the individuals named on
Schedule 2 hereto to the other party in writing (including by email correspondence to each of the individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 2, if receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any
of the individuals to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply). 

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
during any period in which the Company is, or could be deemed to be, in possession of material non-public information, the Company and the Agent agree that (i) no sale of Placement Shares will take place,
(ii) the Company shall not request the sale of any Placement Shares and shall suspend or cancel any effective Placement Notices and (iii) the Agent shall not be obligated to sell or offer to sell any Placement Shares. 

5. Settlement and Delivery of the Placement Shares. 

(a) Settlement of Placement Shares. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Placement Notice, settlement for sales of Placement
Shares will occur on the first Trading Day (or such earlier time as is industry practice or as is required for regular way trading) following the date on which such sales are made (each, a Settlement Date). The amount of
proceeds to be delivered to the Company on a Settlement Date against receipt of the Placement Shares sold will be equal to the aggregate gross sales price received by the Agent at which such Placement Shares were sold, after deduction of the
Agents commission, discount or other compensation for such sales payable by the Company pursuant to Section 2 hereof (such amount, the Net Proceeds). 

(b) Delivery of Placement Shares. On or before each Settlement Date, the Company will issue the Placement Shares being sold on such
date and will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer such Placement Shares by crediting the Agents or its designees account (provided the Agent shall have given the Company written notice of such designee prior to
the Settlement Date) at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System (DWAC) or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto, which in all cases
shall be duly authorized, freely tradeable, transferable, registered shares of Common Stock in good deliverable form. On each Settlement Date, the Agent will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Company
on or prior to the Settlement Date. The Agent shall be responsible for providing DWAC instructions or instructions for delivery by other means with regard to the transfer of the Placement Shares being sold. In addition to and in no way limiting the
rights and obligations set forth in Section 9(a) hereto, the Company agrees that if the Company or its transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its obligation to deliver duly authorized, freely tradeable, transferable, registered Placement
Shares in good deliverable form by 2:30 P.M., New York City time, on a Settlement Date (other 

4 

than as a result of a failure by the Agent to provide instructions for delivery), the Company will (i) take all necessary action to cause the full amount of any Net Proceeds that were
delivered to the Companys account with respect to such settlement, together with any costs incurred by the Agent and/or its clearing firm in connection with recovering such Net Proceeds, to be immediately returned to the Agent or its clearing
firm no later than 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on such Settlement Date, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Agent or its clearing firm, (ii) indemnify and hold the Agent and its clearing firm
harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company through no fault of the Agent and (iii) pay to the
Agent (without duplication) any commission, discount or other compensation to which it would otherwise have been entitled absent such default. 

(c) Limitations on Offering Size. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares
if, after giving effect to the sale of such Placement Shares, the aggregate number or gross sales proceeds of Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed the lesser of: (i) the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock
registered pursuant to, and available for offer and sale under, the Registration Statement pursuant to which the offering of Placement Shares is being made, (ii) the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock of the Company,
(iii) the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock permitted to be offered and sold by the Company under Form S-3 (including General Instruction I.B.6. thereof, if such instruction is
applicable), (iv) the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock that the Companys board of directors or a duly authorized committee thereof is authorized to issue and sell from time to time, or (v) the dollar amount of shares
of Common Stock for which the Company has filed a Prospectus Supplement. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement at a price lower than the minimum price
authorized from time to time by the Companys board of directors or a duly authorized committee thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that compliance with the limitations
set forth in this Section 5(c) on the number or dollar amount of Placement Shares that may be issued and sold pursuant to this Agreement from time to time shall be the sole responsibility of the Company, and that the Agent shall have no
obligation in connection with such compliance. 

6. Representations and Warranties of the Company. 

For purposes of this Representations and Warranties section, references to Subsidiary or Subsidiaries, are replaced in
their entirety with references to Subsidiary, if any, or Subsidiaries, if any, in each place that they appear. 

The Company, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries (for purposes of this Agreement, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) (the
Subsidiaries), represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Agent that, as of the date of this Agreement, and as of (i) each Representation Date, (ii) each date on which a Placement Notice is given,
(iii) any date on which Placement Shares are sold pursuant to this Agreement and (iv) each Settlement Date (each such time or date referred to in clauses (i) through (iv), an Applicable Time), except as may
be disclosed in the Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference therein and any amendments or supplements thereto) on or before an Applicable Time, and unless such representation, warranty or agreement specifies a different time:

(a) The Company and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement meet the requirements for and comply with the applicable conditions
for the use of Form S-3 (including General Instructions I.A and I.B.6.) under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission and declared effective by the Commission
under the Securities Act prior to the issuance of 

5 

any Placement Notices by the Company. At the time the Registration Statement was declared effective the Company met the then-applicable requirements for use of
Form S-3 (including General Instructions I.A or, if applicable, General Instruction I.B.6.) under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement meets, and the offering and sale of Placement Shares as
contemplated hereby comply with, the requirements of Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under the Securities Act. The Agent is named as the agent engaged by the Company in the section entitled Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus
Supplement. The Company has not received, any notice from the Commission pursuant to Rule 401(g)(1) under the Securities Act objecting to the use of the shelf registration statement form. No stop order of the Commission preventing or
suspending the use of the Prospectus, or the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, has been issued, and no proceedings for such purpose are, to the knowledge of the Company, pending before or threatened by the Commission. At the time of the
initial filing of the Registration Statement, the Company paid the required Commission filing fees relating to the securities covered by the Registration Statement, including the Placement Shares that may be sold pursuant to this Agreement, in
accordance with Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act. Copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any such amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing and all Incorporated Documents that were filed with the Commission on or
prior to the date of this Agreement have been delivered, or are available through EDGAR, to the Agent and its counsel. 

(b) Each of the
Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became or becomes effective, at each deemed effective date with respect to the Agent pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the Securities Act and as of each Applicable
Time, complied, complies and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and did not, does not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except that the representations and warranties set forth in this sentence do not apply to Agents Information (as defined below). The Prospectus and any amendment or supplement
thereto, when so filed with the Commission under Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, complied, complies and as of each Applicable Time will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the Prospectus or any
issuer free writing prospectus (or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing) furnished to the Agent for use in connection with the offering of the Placement Shares was identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed
with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T. Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto, as of its date and as of each Applicable Time, included,
includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
except that the representations and warranties set forth in this sentence do not apply to Agents Information. Each Incorporated Document heretofore filed, when it was filed (or, if any amendment with respect to any such document was filed,
when such amendment was filed), conformed in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and were filed on a timely basis with the Commission, and any further Incorporated Documents to be filed and incorporated into the
Prospectus after the date of this Agreement will be filed on a timely basis and, when so filed, will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act; no such Incorporated Document when it was filed (or, if an amendment
with respect to any such document was filed, when such amendment was filed), contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further Incorporated Document when filed will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

6 

(c) The Company is not an ineligible issuer in connection with the offering of
the Placement Shares pursuant to Rules 164, 405 and 433 under the Securities Act. The Company is not a shell company (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) and has not been a shell company for at least 12 calendar months previously. 

(d) The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act (an Emerging
Growth Company). 

(e) Any issuer free writing prospectus, as of its issue date and as of each Applicable Time, did not, does
not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus that has not been superseded or modified by such issuer free writing prospectus. Any
issuer free writing prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433 or that was prepared by or on behalf of or used by the Company in connection with the offering of Placement Shares complies or will comply in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. 

(f) The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur of
each Settlement Date and completion of the Agents distribution of the Placement Shares under this Agreement, will not distribute any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares other than the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below). 

(g) The interactive data in eXtensible Business
Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and
guidelines applicable thereto. 

(h) The Company is subject to and in compliance in all material respects with the reporting requirements
of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and is listed on Nasdaq, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or reasonably likely to have
the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting the Common Stock from Nasdaq, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission or Nasdaq is contemplating terminating such
registration or listing. The Company is in compliance with the current listing standards of Nasdaq. The Company has filed a Notification of Listing of Additional Shares with Nasdaq with respect to the Placement Shares. 

(i) The Company is not a party to any other agreement with an agent or underwriter for any other at the market offering, equity
line of credit or other continuous equity transaction. No person (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act) has the
right to act as an underwriter or as a financial advisor to the Company in connection with the offer and sale of the Placement Shares hereunder, whether as a result of the filing or effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the sale of the
Placement Shares as contemplated hereby or otherwise, other than the Agent. Except for the Agent, there is no broker, finder or other party that is entitled to receive from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries any brokerage or finders fee or
other fee or commission as a result of any transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(j) The Company is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and to own or lease its properties. The Company is duly
qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property makes such qualification or leasing necessary unless the failure to so
qualify has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, results of operations, business, 

7 

properties, operations, assets, liabilities or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a
Material Adverse Effect). Except for the entities identified in Exhibit 21 to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company does not own or control, directly
or indirectly, any corporation, association or other entity. The Companys Subsidiaries are duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of their jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and have all requisite power
and authority to carry on their business as now conducted and to own or lease their properties except where the failure to be in good standing or have such power or authority would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
Companys Subsidiaries are duly qualified to do business as foreign corporations and are in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of their business or their ownership or leasing of property makes such qualification or leasing
necessary unless the failure to so qualify has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All of the issued and outstanding share capital or other equity or ownership interests of each Subsidiary has been duly
authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and nonassessable, has been issued in compliance with federal state and securities laws and is owned by the Company, directly or through other wholly-owned Subsidiaries, free and clear of any security
interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or adverse claim. 

(k) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority and has
taken all requisite corporate action necessary for, and no further action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders is necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability, relating
to or affecting creditors rights generally and to general equitable principles. 

(l) The Company has the authorized and outstanding
capitalization as set forth in the Companys annual report on Form 10-K for the most recent fiscal year or, if later, the Companys quarterly report on Form
10-Q for the most recent fiscal quarter, as of the dates referred to therein. The Common Stock conforms in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus, including under the heading Description of Capital Stock. The outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and nonassessable; and, except as set forth in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus as of the dates referred to therein, no options, warrants or other rights to purchase, agreements or other obligations to issue, or rights to convert any obligations into or exchange any securities for,
shares of capital stock of or ownership interests in the Company are outstanding. The descriptions of the Companys equity incentive plan, stock option plans and other stock plans or arrangements described in the Prospectus and in effect as of
the date hereof (collectively, the Stock Plans) and the options or other rights granted thereunder, set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus accurately and fairly present, in all material respects, the
information required to be shown with respect to such Stock Plans and the options or other rights granted thereunder. 

(m) The Placement
Shares have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and, when issued and delivered by the Company against payment therefor pursuant to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will
conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Prospectus. The issuance and sale of the Placement Shares as contemplated hereby shall not be subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar
rights to subscribe for or purchase the Placement Shares. When issued and delivered by the Company against payment therefor pursuant to this Agreement, the purchasers of the Placement Shares issued and sold hereunder will acquire good, marketable
and valid title to such Placement Shares, free and clear of all pledges, liens, security interests, charges, claims or encumbrances. The issuance and sale of the 

8 

Placement Shares as contemplated hereby will not cause any holder of any share capital, securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for share capital or options, warrants or other
rights to purchase share capital or any other securities of the Company to have any right to acquire any preferred shares of the Company. There are no restrictions upon the voting or transfer of the Common Stock under the Companys amended and
restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws or any agreement or other instrument to which the Company is a party or otherwise filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. 

(n) No consent, approval, license, permit, qualification, authorization or other order or decree of, or registration or filing with, any court
or other governmental, taxing or regulatory authority or agency, is required for the Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Registration Statement and
the Prospectus (including the issuance and sale of the Placement Shares hereunder), except such as have been already obtained or made or as may be required under the Securities Act, applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws, applicable rules of
Nasdaq, or the applicable rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA). 

(o) Subsequent to
the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and except as set forth in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus: (i) there has been no change, or any development that could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries, considered as one entity, have not (A) incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent, including without
limitation any material losses or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood, earthquakes, accident or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any strike, labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or
decree, that are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company and its Subsidiaries, (B) entered into any material transactions not in the ordinary course of business or (C) issued or granted any shares of the Companys
capital stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for or that represent the right to receive shares of the Companys capital stock other than under the Stock Plans; and (iii) there has not been any material
decrease in the share capital or any material increase in any short-term or long-term indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, considered as one entity, and there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or
made, except for dividends or distributions made to a Subsidiary, by the Company or, except for dividends or distributions to the Company or another Subsidiary, by any Subsidiary on any class of shares, or any repurchase or redemption by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries of any class of shares. 

(p) Neither the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement
nor the issuance and sale of the Placement Shares in accordance with the provisions herein will (i) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of (a) any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, the
Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, or amended and restated bylaws, both as currently in effect (true and complete copies of which have been made available through EDGAR), or (b) any applicable statute,
rule, regulation or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or its Subsidiaries, or any of their assets or properties, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or
an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries or give to others any
rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material contract, except, in the case of clauses (i)(b) and (ii) above, for such violations, conflicts or defaults as would
not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. This Section 6(p) does not relate to matters with respect to tax status, which are the subject of Section 6(q), employee relations and labor
matters, which are the subject of Section 6(t), or environmental laws, which are the subject of Section 6(z). 

9 

(q) The Company and its Subsidiaries have timely prepared and filed all tax returns required
to have been filed by them with all appropriate governmental agencies (or extensions have been duly obtained) and timely paid all material taxes shown thereon or otherwise owed by them, except for those which are being contested in good faith,
except where failure to file such tax returns or pay such taxes would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no material unpaid assessments against the Company nor, to the
Companys knowledge, any audits by any federal, state or local taxing authority. 

(r) The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and
marketable title to all real properties and all other properties and assets owned by them, in each case free from liens, encumbrances and defects, except such as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect; and the Company and its Subsidiaries hold any leased real or personal property under valid and enforceable leases, except such as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(s) The Company and its Subsidiaries possess adequate certificates, licenses authorities or permits issued by appropriate governmental
agencies or bodies necessary to conduct their respective businesses now operated by them, except where failure to so possess would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and
its Subsidiaries have not received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, license, authority or permit that would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a
Material Adverse Effect. 

(t) The Company and its Subsidiaries are not party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreements or other
agreements with labor organizations. To the Companys knowledge, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not violated in any respect any laws, regulations, orders or contract terms affecting the collective bargaining rights of employees or labor
organizations, or any laws, regulations or orders affecting employment discrimination, equal opportunity employment, or employees health, safety, welfare, wages and hours that individually or in aggregate are reasonably expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. No labor disputes with the employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or with the employees of any principal supplier, manufacturer, customer or contractor of the Company or its Subsidiaries, exist or, to the
Companys knowledge, are threatened or imminent, that individually or in aggregate are reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(u) Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) the
Company and its Subsidiaries own, possess, license or have other rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets,
technology, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property) necessary for the conduct of the Companys business as now conducted or as proposed
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus to be conducted; (ii) there are no rights of third parties to any such Intellectual Property, including liens, security interests or other encumbrances; (iii) to the Companys
knowledge, there is no infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property; (iv) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the Companys rights
in or to any such Intellectual Property; (v) such Intellectual Property that is described in the Registration Statement or Prospectus has not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part;
(vi) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property that is owned or licensed by the Company, including
interferences, oppositions, reexaminations or government proceedings; (vii) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that 

10 

the Company infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others and (viii) the Company has taken all
necessary measures to protect the proprietary nature of each item of Intellectual Property, and to maintain in confidence all trade secrets and confidential information comprising a part thereof. Except as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, there is not pending or, to the Companys knowledge, any threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others asserting that the conduct of the Companys
business as now conducted or as proposed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus to be conducted would require any license under any Intellectual Property of a third party not otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus. 

(v) (i) All patents and patent applications owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company or under which the Company
has rights have, to the knowledge of the Company, been duly and properly filed and each issued patent is being diligently maintained and is valid and enforceable; (ii) the Company is unaware of any facts that would preclude the issuance of a
valid and enforceable patent on any pending patent applications included in the Intellectual Property; (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, the Company and the parties prosecuting such applications have complied with their duty of candor and
disclosure to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO), and all such requirements in the relevant foreign patent authority having similar requirements as the case may be, in connection with such patents and patent
applications for which it has filing, prosecution and/or maintenance responsibilities; (iv) to the Companys knowledge, there is no patent or patent application that contains claims that dominate or may dominate (as such term is described
in 35 U.S.C. 135 and 37 C.F.R. 41.100 to 41.208) with the issued or pending claims of any of the Intellectual Property of the Company; (v) to the Companys knowledge, there is no prior art material to any patent or patent application
of the Intellectual Property of the Company that may render any U.S. patent held by the Company invalid or unenforceable or any U.S. patent application held by the Company unpatentable; and (vi) the Company is not aware of any prior art or
public or commercial activity or other facts required to be disclosed to the USPTO and any relevant foreign patent authority having similar disclosure requirement that were not disclosed and which would preclude the grant of a patent in connection
with any such application or would reasonably be expected to form the basis of a finding of invalidity or unenforceability with respect to any patents that have been issued with respect to such applications. 

(w) As to each of the product candidates of the Company, including compounds currently under research and/or development by the Company and
subject to the jurisdiction of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), European Medicines Agency (EMA) or any equivalent regulatory authority in any legal jurisdiction other than the U.S. and the
European Union (each such product, a Company Regulated Product), if any, such Company Regulated Product is being researched, investigated, developed, manufactured, packaged, labeled, stored, distributed, imported and
exported, and tested in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (i) the Company has not received any written notices or correspondence from the FDA, the
EMA or any other regulatory authority exercising comparable authority, and there is no action or proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened (including any prosecution, injunction, seizure, civil fine, suspension or recall),
in each case alleging that the Company is not currently in material compliance with any and all applicable laws, including, without limitation, the Healthcare Laws (as defined below), implemented by the FDA, EMA or any other regulatory authority
exercising comparable authority over any Company Regulated Product and (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, there are no proceedings pending or threatened against the Company with respect to an alleged material violation of the Healthcare Laws
or any similar law administered or promulgated by the EMA or any other regulatory authority exercising comparable authority. 

11 

The term Health Care Laws means Title XVIII of the Social Security
Act, 42 U.S.C. 1395-1395hhh (the Medicare statute); Title XIX of the Social Security Act, 42 U.S.C. 1396-1396v (the Medicaid statute); the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, 42 U.S.C.
1320a-7b(b); the civil False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.; the criminal False Claims Act 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(a); any
criminal laws relating to health care fraud and abuse, including but not limited to 18 U.S.C. Sections 286, 287, 1347 and 1349 and the health care fraud criminal provisions under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, 42
U.S.C. 1320d et seq., (HIPAA); the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a and 1320a-7b; the
Physician Payments Sunshine Act, 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7h; the Exclusion Laws, 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7; HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, 42 U.S.C. 17921 et seq.; the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. 301 et seq. (the FDCA); and the Public Health Service Acts, 42 U.S.C. 
262 and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such laws; and any similar comparable laws and regulations outside the United States. 

(x)
All preclinical studies and clinical trials, and other studies and tests of any Company Regulated Product conducted by or on behalf of the Company have been, and if still pending are being, conducted in material compliance and to the extent
applicable and required by law with, the applicable protocol for such study or trial, including the FDCA and its implementing regulations governing good laboratory practices and good clinical practices (e.g., 21 C.F.R. Parts 50, 54, 56, and 312 of
the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations) and the respective counterparts in the European Union and other jurisdictions outside the United States exercising comparable authority over any Company Regulated Product. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus, no clinical trial conducted by or on behalf of the Company has been terminated or placed on full or partial clinical hold by the FDA, EMA or by the applicable Institutional Review Board (IRB)
for safety reasons or otherwise prior to scheduled completion, and neither the FDA, EMA, an IRB nor any other applicable regulatory authority that has or has had jurisdiction over, a clinical trial conducted by or on behalf of the Company has
initiated, or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to initiate, any action to place a full or partial clinical hold order on, or otherwise terminate or suspend, any proposed or ongoing clinical investigation of the Company Regulated Products
conducted or proposed to be conducted by or on behalf of the Company. The Company has made available to the Agent and its counsel all material written formal communications submitted by or on behalf of the Company to any regulatory authority, and
each such communication, including all supplements and amendments thereto, was true, complete and correct as of the applicable date thereof. All material summaries of preclinical, nonclinical and other data and studies disclosed in the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus are consistent with the raw preclinical, nonclinical and other data associated with the Companys Regulated Products, in all material respects, and are true, complete and accurate descriptions of the
subject matter thereof, in all material respects. 

(y) Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors, or employees has been, is,
or is in anticipation of being (based on a conviction by the courts or a finding of fault by a regulatory authority): (a) debarred pursuant to the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992 (21 U.S.C. 335a), as amended from time to time;
(b) disqualified from participating in clinical trials pursuant to 21 C.F.R. 312.70, as amended from time to time; (c) disqualified as a testing facility under 21 C.F.R. Part 58, Subpart K, as amended from time to time;
(d) excluded, debarred or suspended from or otherwise ineligible to participate in a Federal Health Care Program as that term is defined in 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(f), including under 42
U.S.C. 1320a-7 or relevant regulations in 42 C.F.R. Part 1001; (e) assessed any civil money penalties pursuant to 42 C.F.R. Part 1003; or (f) included on the HHS/OIG List of Excluded
Individuals/Entities, the General Services Administrations System for Award Management, or the FDA Debarment List or the FDA Disqualified/Restricted List. Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its officers, directors
or employees has engaged in any activities that are prohibited, or are cause for civil penalties, or grounds for mandatory or permissive exclusion, debarment, or 

12 

suspension pursuant to any of these authorities. Since January 11, 2024, the Company has not used, and is currently not using, in any capacity related to any Company Regulated Product, any
person that has ever been, or to the knowledge of the Company, is the subject of a proceeding that could lead to the persons becoming debarred, excluded, disqualified, restricted or suspended pursuant to any of these authorities. 

(z) The Company is not in violation of any statute, rule, regulation, decision or order of any governmental agency or body or any court,
domestic or foreign, relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating to the protection or restoration of the environment or human exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively,
Environmental Laws), has not released any hazardous substances regulated by Environmental Law onto any real property that it owns or operates and has not received any written notice or claim that it is liable for any off-site disposal or contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, which violation, release, notice, claim, or liability would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect, and to the Companys knowledge, there is no pending or threatened investigation that would reasonably be expected to lead to such a claim. 

(aa) Except as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there are no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations,
actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, to which the Company or its Subsidiaries are or may reasonably be expected to become a party or to which any property of the Company or its Subsidiaries are or
may reasonably be expected to become the subject that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(bb) The financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, together with the
related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes in
stockholders equity of the Company and the Subsidiaries for the periods specified and have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act and Exchange Act, as applicable, and in conformity with United States generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except in the case of any unaudited financial statements, which are subject to normal
year-end adjustments and do not contain certain footnotes as permitted by the applicable rules of the Commission, and except as otherwise noted therein. To the extent applicable, any pro forma financial
statements, information or data included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus comply with the requirements of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act, including, without
limitation, Article 8 thereof, fairly present, in all material respects, the information set forth therein and the assumptions used in the preparation of such pro forma financial statements, use reasonable pro forma adjustments to give effect to the
circumstances referred to therein and properly apply the pro forma adjustments to historical amounts. There are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus that are not included or incorporated by reference therein as required. 

(cc) [Reserved.] 

(dd) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries considered together as one entity have established and maintain disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act), which (a) are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its Subsidiaries, is made known to the Companys principal executive officer and its principal financial officer by others within those entities, (b) except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, such
disclosure controls are effective in all material respects to perform the functions for which they were established, and (c) have been evaluated by management of the Company for effectiveness as of the end of the Companys most recent
fiscal quarter. 

13 

(ee) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries considered together as one entity, maintain a
system of internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the
Company and its Subsidiaries internal controls over financial reporting are effective and the Company and its Subsidiaries are not aware of any material weakness in their internal controls over financial reporting except as described in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus. 

(ff) The Company is not required to be registered as, and after giving effect to the offering
and sale of the Placement Shares and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will not be required to register as, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). 

(gg) The Company has not taken, and, to the
Companys knowledge, no director, officer of affiliate of the Company has taken, directly or indirectly (without giving effect to the activities of the Agent), any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of
the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Placement Shares. 

(hh) Each of the Company, its
Subsidiaries and, to the Companys knowledge, their respective officers, directors, supervisors, managers, agents, or employees are and have at all times been in compliance with: (A) anti-bribery laws, including but not limited to, any
applicable law, rule, or regulation of any locality in which the Company or its Subsidiaries have conducted business, including but not limited to any law, rule, or regulation promulgated to implement the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of
Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed December 17, 1997, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 or (B) anti-money laundering laws of any locality in
which the Company or its Subsidiaries have conducted business, including, but not limited to, applicable federal, state, international, foreign or other laws, regulations or government guidance regarding anti-money laundering, including, without
limitation, Title 18 US. Code sections 1956 and 1957, the Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, and international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force on
Money Laundering, of which the United States is a member and with which designation the United States representative to the group or organization continues to concur, all as amended, and any Executive order, directive, or regulation pursuant to the
authority of any of the foregoing, or any orders or licenses issued thereunder (collectively, the Anti-Corruption Laws). The Company and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures to ensure
compliance with the Anti-Corruption Laws. No part of the proceeds of the offering of the Placement Shares will be used, directly or indirectly, in violation of the Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(ii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) is, or is controlled or more than 50% owned in the aggregate by or is acting on behalf of, one or more individuals or entities that are currently the subject of any sanctions administered or
enforced by the United States (including any administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department 

14 

of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State or the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, a member state
of the European Union (including sanctions administered or enforced by His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom) or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions and such persons,
Sanctioned Persons and each such person, a Sanctioned Person), (ii) is located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions that
broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (including, without limitation, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk
Peoples Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine (or any other Covered Region of Ukraine identified pursuant to
Executive Order 14065), Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria, collectively, Sanctioned Countries and each, a SanctionedCountry) or (iii) will, directly or indirectly, use
the proceeds of this offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by, or could result
in the imposition of Sanctions against, any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the offering, whether as an underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). 

(jj) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in any dealings or transactions with or for the benefit of a Sanctioned
Person, or with or in a Sanctioned Country, since April 24, 2019, nor does the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have any plans to engage in dealings or transactions with or for the benefit of a Sanctioned Person, or with or in a Sanctioned
Country. 

(kk) [Reserved.] 

(ll) There are no persons (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act) with registration or other similar rights to have any equity or debt securities of the Company registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the
offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived in a writing previously furnished to the Agent. 

(mm) PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, who has certified certain financial statements of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries and delivered
its report with respect to the audited consolidated financial statements and schedules included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company within the meaning of
the Securities Act and the applicable published rules and regulations thereunder. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has not been engaged by the Company to perform any prohibited activities or provided to the Company any prohibited non-audit services (as defined in Section 10A of the Exchange Act). 

(nn) The Company
and each of its Subsidiaries are insured against such losses and risks and in such amounts as the Company believes are customary in the businesses in which they are engaged; all policies of insurance and fidelity or surety bonds insuring the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors are in full force and effect, except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
Company has no knowledge of any threatened termination of, or material premium increase with respect to, any such policy and neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing
insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. 

15 

(oo) No Subsidiary of the Company is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, from
paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such Subsidiarys capital stock, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such
Subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company, except as described in or contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. 

(pp) Nothing has come to the attention of the Company that has caused the company to believe that the statistical and market related data
included in or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus is not based on or derived from sources that are reliable and accurate in all material respects, and, to the extent required by such sources, the Company has
obtained the written consent to the use of such data from such sources. 

(qq) Any employee benefit plan (as defined under
Section 303 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) currently maintained by the Company, its Subsidiaries
or any of their ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, any member of any group of organizations described in Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the
Code) of which the Company or such Subsidiary is a member. No reportable event (as defined under Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than those events as to which the notice period referred to in
Section 4043(a) of ERISA has been waived) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any such employee benefit plan. No steps have been taken to terminate any such employee benefit plan. Neither the
Company, its Subsidiaries nor any of their ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any such employee benefit plan or
otherwise under Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each such employee benefit plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company, its subsidiaries
or any of their ERISA Affiliates, as applicable, nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would reasonably be expected to cause the revocation of such qualification. 

(rr) There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, any of the Companys directors or
officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including
Section 402 relating to loans and Sections 302 and 906 relating to certifications. 

(tt) There are no debt securities or preferred
stock issued or guaranteed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are rated by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization, as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act. 

(uu) No financial or operational projection or other forward-looking statement (as defined by Section 27A of the Securities
Act or Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith; provided that for documents incorporated by reference in the
Prospectus, forward-looking statements speak only as to the date they were made or otherwise reaffirmed. 

16 

(vv) The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Agent has informed the Company that the
Agent may, to the extent permitted under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, purchase and sell shares of Common Stock for its own account while this Agreement is in effect; provided, that (i) no such purchase or sales shall take
place while a Placement Notice is in effect (except to the extent the Agent may engage in sales of Placement Shares purchased or deemed purchased from the Company as a riskless principal or in a similar capacity) and (ii) the
Company shall not be deemed to have authorized or consented to any such purchases or sales by the Agent, except as may be otherwise agreed by the Company and the Agent. 

Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company and delivered to the Agent or its counsel in connection with the offering of the
Placement Shares shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company (and not by such officer in his or her personal capacity), as to matters covered thereby, to the Agent. 

7. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the Agent that: 

(a) Registration Statement Amendments. After the date of this Agreement and during any period in which the Prospectus relating to any
Placement Shares is required to be delivered by the Agent under the Securities Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act or a similar rule); (i) the Company will notify the
Agent promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Registration Statement, other than Incorporated Documents, has been filed with the Commission and/or has become effective or any subsequent supplement to the Prospectus, other than
Incorporated Documents, has been filed and of any request by the Commission for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information (in each case, insofar as it relates to the transactions
contemplated hereby); (ii) the Company will prepare and file with the Commission, promptly upon the Agents reasonable request, any amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that, in the Agents reasonable
opinion, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the distribution of the Placement Shares by the Agent (provided, however, that the failure of the Agent to make such request shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability
hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement and provided, further, that the only remedy the Agent shall have with respect to the failure by the Company to make such
filing (but without limiting the Agents rights under Section 9 hereof) will be to cease making sales under this Agreement until such amendment or supplement is filed); (iii) the Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the
Registration Statement or Prospectus, other than Incorporated Documents, relating to the Placement Shares or a security convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for the Placement Shares unless a copy thereof has been submitted to the Agent
within a reasonable period of time before the filing and the Agent has not reasonably objected thereto (provided, however, that (A) the failure of the Agent to make such objection shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability
hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement, (B) the Company has no obligation to provide the Agent any advance copy of such filing or to provide the Agent an
opportunity to object to such filing if the filing does not name the Agent or does not relate to the offer and sale of the Placement Shares or other transactions contemplated hereunder, and (C) the only remedy the Agent shall have with respect
to the failure by the Company to make such filing (but without limiting the Agents rights under Section 9 hereof) will be to cease making sales under this Agreement until such amendment or supplement is filed) and the Company will furnish
to the Agent at the time of filing thereof a copy of any Incorporated Document, except for those documents available via EDGAR; and (iv) the Company will cause each amendment or supplement to the Prospectus, other than

17 

Incorporated Documents, to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act and, in the case of any Incorporated Document, to be
filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the Exchange Act, within the time period prescribed (the determination to file or not file any amendment or supplement with the Commission under this Section 7(a), shall be made exclusively by
the Company based on the Companys reasonable opinion or reasonable objections). 

(b) Notice of Commission Stop Orders. The
Company will advise the Agent, promptly after it receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof, of the issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, of the suspension
of the qualification of the Placement Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for any such purpose; and it will promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of
any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such a stop order should be issued. The Company will advise the Agent promptly after it receives any request by the Commission for any amendments to the Registration Statement or any amendment or
supplements to the Prospectus or for additional information related to the offering of the Placement Shares, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus. 

(c) Delivery of Prospectus; Subsequent Changes. During any period in which the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required
to be delivered by the Agent under the Securities Act with respect to the offer and sale of the Placement Shares (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act or a similar rule),
the Company will use commercially reasonably efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act, as from time to time in force, and will file on or before their respective due dates (taking into account any extensions
available under the Exchange Act) all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, 15(d) or any other provision of or under the Exchange
Act. If during such period any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances then existing, not misleading, or if during such period it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the Company will promptly notify the Agent to
suspend the offering of Placement Shares during such period and the Company will promptly amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus (at the expense of the Company) so as to correct such statement or omission or effect such
compliance (it being acknowledged that the Company may delay the filing of any amendment or supplement if, in the judgement of the Company, it is in the best interest of the Company). If the Company has omitted any information from the Registration
Statement pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the provisions thereof and make all requisite filings with the Commission pursuant to said Rule 430B and to notify the Agent
promptly of all such filings if not available on EDGAR. 

(d) Listing of Placement Shares. During any period in which the Prospectus
relating to the Placement Shares is required to be delivered by the Agent under the Securities Act with respect to the offer and sale of the Placement Shares (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172
under the Securities Act or a similar rule), the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Placement Shares to be listed on Nasdaq. 

18 

(e) Delivery of Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company will furnish to
the Agent and its counsel (at the expense of the Company) copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (including all Incorporated Documents) and all amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that are filed with
the Commission during any period in which the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required to be delivered under the Securities Act (including all Incorporated Documents filed with the Commission during such period), in each case as soon
as reasonably practicable and in such quantities as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request and, at the Agents request, will also furnish copies of the Prospectus to each exchange or market on which sales of the Placement Shares may
be made; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus) to the Agent to the extent such document is available on EDGAR. 

(f) Earnings Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any
event not later than 15 months after the end of the Companys current fiscal quarter, an earnings statement covering a 12-month period that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of and Rule 158
under the Securities Act, which requirement may be satisfied by publicly filing the required information on EDGAR. The terms earnings statement and make generally available to its security holders shall have the meanings set
forth in Rule 158 under the Securities Act. 

(g) Expenses. The Company, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are
consummated or this Agreement is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 11 hereunder, will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including expenses relating to (i) the preparation,
printing and filing of the Registration Statement and each amendment and supplement thereto, of the Prospectus and of each amendment and supplement thereto and of this Agreement and such other documents as may be required in connection with the
offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares, (ii) the preparation, issuance, sale and delivery of the Placement Shares and any taxes due or payable in connection with the initial preparation, issuance, sale and
delivery of the Placement Shares, (iii) the qualification of the Placement Shares under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 7(w) of this Agreement, including filing fees (provided, however, that any fees or
disbursements of counsel for the Agent in connection therewith shall be paid by the Agent except as set forth in clauses (vii) and (viii) below), (iv) the printing and delivery to the Agent and its counsel of copies of the Prospectus and any
amendments or supplements thereto, and of this Agreement, (v) the filing fees and legal expenses incurred in connection with the listing or qualification of the Placement Shares for trading on Nasdaq, (vi) the filing fees and expenses, if
any, owed to the Commission or FINRA and the fees and expenses of any transfer agent or registrar for the Placement Shares, (vii) the fees and associated expenses of the Agents outside legal counsel for filings with the FINRA Corporate
Financing Department in an amount not to exceed $5,000 (excluding FINRA filing fees referred to in clause (vi) above and in addition to the fees and disbursements referred to in clause (viii) below), and (viii) the reasonable and
documented fees and disbursements of the Agents outside legal counsel (A) in an amount not to exceed $75,000 arising out of executing this Agreement and the Companys delivery of the initial certificate pursuant to
Section 7(m) and (B) in an amount not to exceed $15,000 in connection with each Representation Date (as defined below) on which the Company is required to provide a certificate pursuant to Section 7(m) (in addition to the fees
and associated expenses referred to in clause (vii) above). 

(h) Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the Net Proceeds as
described in the Prospectus in the section entitled Use of Proceeds. 

(i) Notice of Other Sales. Without the prior
written consent of the Agent, the Company will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any shares of Common Stock (other than the Placement Shares offered pursuant to this
Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire shares of Common Stock during the period beginning on the third Trading Day immediately prior to the
date on which any Placement Notice is delivered to the Agent hereunder and 

19 

ending on the second Trading Day immediately following the final Settlement Date with respect to Placement Shares sold pursuant to such Placement Notice (or, if the Placement Notice has been
terminated or suspended prior to the sale of all Placement Shares covered by a Placement Notice, the date of such suspension or termination); and will not directly or indirectly in any other at the market offering, equity line of credit
or continuous equity transaction offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any shares of Common Stock (other than the Placement Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into
or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, shares of Common Stock prior to the termination of this Agreement; provided, that such restrictions shall not apply in connection with
the (i) issuance, grant or sale of Common Stock, options, warrants or other rights to purchase or acquire shares of Common Stock, restricted shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or other equity awards, or Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of options or other equity awards pursuant to any Stock Plan, inducement plan, long-term incentive plan, or other plan (whether in effect now or hereafter implemented), (ii) the issuance of securities in connection with an acquisition,
merger or sale or purchase of assets, (iii) the issuance or sale of Common Stock pursuant to any dividend reinvestment plan that the Company may adopt from time to time provided the implementation of such is disclosed to the Agent in advance,
(iv) any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exchange, conversion or redemption of securities or the exercise of warrants, options or other rights in effect or outstanding, (v) modification of any outstanding options, warrants or any
rights to purchase or acquire Common Stock or (vi) the issuance or sale of Common Stock, or securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock offered and sold in a private placement transaction to vendors, customers or strategic
partners, mergers, acquisition, other business combinations or research, collaboration, technology, license, development, marketing or other similar agreements if the primary purpose is not a capital raising transaction. Notwithstanding the
foregoing provisions, nothing herein shall be construed to restrict the Companys ability, or require the Company to provide notice to the Agent, to file a registration statement under the Securities Act. 

(j) Change of Circumstances. The Company will, at any time during a fiscal quarter in which the Company intends to tender a Placement
Notice or sell Placement Shares, advise the Agent promptly after it shall have received notice or obtained knowledge of any information or fact that would alter or affect in any material respect any opinion, certificate, letter or other document
provided or required to be provided to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 

(k) Due Diligence Cooperation. During the term of
this Agreement, the Company will reasonably cooperate with any reasonable due diligence review conducted by the Agent or its counsel from time to time in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including providing information and
making available documents and senior corporate officers, during regular business hours and at the Companys principal offices or by means of electronic communication, as the Agent may reasonably request. 

(l) Required Filings Relating to Placement of Placement Shares. The Company agrees that on or prior to such dates as the Securities Act
shall require with respect to the Placement Shares, the Company will (i) file a prospectus supplement with the Commission under the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, which prospectus supplement will set forth, within
the relevant period, the number or amount of Placement Shares sold through the Agent and the Net Proceeds to the Company, and (ii) deliver such number of copies of each such prospectus supplement to each exchange or market on which such sales
were effected as may be required by the rules or regulations of such exchange or market; provided, that, unless a prospectus supplement containing such information is required to be filed under the Securities Act, the requirement of this
Section 7(l) may be satisfied by Companys inclusion in the Companys Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as applicable, of the number or amount of Placement Shares
sold through the Agent and the Net Proceeds to the Company. 

20 

(m) Representation Dates; Certificate. On or prior to the date on which the Company
first delivers a Placement Notice pursuant to this agreement (the First Placement Notice Date) and each time the Company: 

(i) amends or supplements the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares (other than (A) a prospectus
supplement filed in accordance with Section 7(l) of this Agreement or (B) a supplement or amendment to an offering of securities other than the Placement Shares) by means of a post-effective amendment, sticker or supplement but not by
means of incorporation of document(s) by reference into the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares; 

(ii) files an annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (including any Form 10-K/A containing amended financial information or a material amendment to the previously filed Form 10-K);

(iii) files a quarterly report on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act; or 

(iv) files a current report on Form 8-K containing amended financial information (other than an
earnings release that is furnished pursuant to Item 2.02, Item 7.01 or Item 9.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01 of Form 8-K
relating to the reclassification of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144) under the Exchange Act (each date of filing of one or more of the documents referred to in
clauses (i) through (iv) shall be a Representation Date), the Company shall furnish the Agent (but in the case of clause (iv) above only if (1) a Placement Notice is pending or in effect and (2) the
Agent requests such certificate within three Business Days after the filing of such Form 8-K with the Commission) with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(m)(modified,
as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented), within two Trading Days of any Representation Date. The requirement to provide a certificate under this Section 7(m) shall be waived for
any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Placement Notice is pending or in effect, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of (1) the date the Company delivers a Placement Notice hereunder (which for such calendar
quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and (2) the next occurring Representation Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company subsequently decides to sell Placement Shares following a Representation Date on which the Company
relied on the waiver referred to in the previous sentence and did not provide the Agent with a certificate under this Section 7(m), then before the Company delivers a Placement Notice or the Agent sells any Placement Shares pursuant thereto,
the Company shall provide the Agent with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(m), dated the date of such Placement Notice. Within two Trading Days of each Representation Date, the
Company shall have furnished to the Agent such further information, certificates and documents as the Agent may reasonably request. 

(n)
Legal Opinions. On or prior to the First Placement Notice Date, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent the written opinion and negative assurance letter of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, counsel to the
Company, or such other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Agent (Company Counsel), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel and substantially similar to the form previously provided to
the Agent and its counsel. On any date which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(m) for which no suspension or waiver is applicable, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent the written opinion
and negative assurance letter of Company Counsel, or such other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel and substantially similar to the form previously provided
to the Agent and its counsel, dated the date that the opinion and negative assurance letter are required to be delivered, modified, as necessary, to relate to the 

21 

Registration Statement and the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented; provided, however, that in lieu of such opinion and negative assurance letter for subsequent
Representation Dates, Company Counsel may furnish the Agent with a letter to the effect that the Agent may rely on a prior opinion or negative assurance letter delivered by such counsel under this Section 7(n) to the same extent as if it were
dated the date of such letter (except that statements in such prior opinion or negative assurance letter shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented at such Representation Date). 

(o) Intellectual Property Opinion. On or prior to the First Placement Notice Date and on any date which the Company is obligated to
deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(m) for which no suspension or waiver is applicable, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent the written opinion of Brown Rudnick LLP, counsel for the Company with respect to intellectual
property matters, or such other intellectual property counsel satisfactory to the Agent (Intellectual Property Counsel), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel and substantially similar
to the form previously provided to the Agent and its counsel, dated the date that the opinion is required to be delivered, modified, as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented;
provided, however, that in lieu of such written opinion for subsequent Representation Dates, Intellectual Property Counsel may furnish the Agent with a letter to the effect that the Agent may rely on a prior opinion delivered by such
counsel under this Section 7(o) to the same extent as if it were dated the date of such opinion (except that statements in such prior opinion letter shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or
supplemented at such Representation Date). 

(p) Comfort Letter. On or prior to the First Placement Notice Date and on any date
which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(m) for which no suspension or waiver is applicable, the Company shall cause its independent registered public accounting firm (and any other independent accountants
whose report is included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus) to furnish the Agent letters (the Comfort Letters), dated the date the Comfort Letter is delivered, which shall meet the requirements set forth in
this Section 7(p); provided, that if requested by the Agent, the Company shall cause a Comfort Letter to be furnished to the Agent within 10 Trading Days of the occurrence of any material transaction or event that necessitates the filing
of additional, pro forma, amended or revised financial statements (including any restatement of previously issued financial statements). Each Comfort Letter shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and each Comfort Letter
from the Companys independent registered public accounting firm shall (i) confirm that they are an independent registered public accounting firm within the meaning of the Securities Act and the PCAOB, (ii) state, as of such date, the
conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the financial information and other matters ordinarily covered by accountants comfort letters to underwriters in connection with registered public offerings (the first such
letter, the Initial Comfort Letter) and (iii) update the Initial Comfort Letter with any information that would have been included in the Initial Comfort Letter had it been given on such date and modified as necessary
to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letter. 

(q) Market
Activities. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, and will cause its officers, directors and Subsidiaries not to (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or would reasonably be expected to constitute,
the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Placement Shares or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase shares of Common Stock to be issued and sold pursuant to this Agreement in
violation of Regulation M, or pay anyone any compensation for soliciting purchases of the Placement Shares other than the Agent; provided, however, that the Company may bid for and purchase shares of Common Stock in accordance with
Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. 

22 

(r) Insurance. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is reasonable and customary for the business for which it is engaged. 

(s) Compliance with Laws. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, all material
environmental certificates, authorizations or permits required by federal, state and local law in order to conduct their businesses as described in the Prospectus (collectively, Permits), and the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries shall conduct their businesses, or cause their businesses to be conducted, in substantial compliance with such Permits and with applicable Environmental Laws, except where the failure to maintain or be in compliance with such Permits
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(t) Investment Company Act. The Company will conduct its
affairs in such a manner so as to reasonably ensure that neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries will be or become, at any time prior to the termination of this Agreement, an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment
Company Act. 

(u) Securities Act and Exchange Act. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to comply with all requirements
imposed upon it by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the sales of, or dealings in, the Placement Shares as contemplated by the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. 

(v) No Offer to Sell. Other than a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) approved in advance by the
Company and the Agent, neither the Agent nor the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the Agent in its capacity as agent) will make, use, prepare, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in Rule
405 under the Securities Act), required to be filed with the Commission, that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy Placement Shares hereunder. 

(w) Blue Sky and Other Qualifications. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts, in cooperation with the Agent, to
qualify the Placement Shares for offering and sale, or to obtain an exemption for the Placement Shares to be offered and sold, under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Agent may
reasonably designate and to maintain such qualifications and exemptions in effect for so long as reasonably required for the distribution of the Placement Shares (but in no event for less than one year from the date of this Agreement); provided,
however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to
taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject. In each jurisdiction in which the Placement Shares have been so qualified or exempt, the Company will file such statements and reports as may be
required by the laws of such jurisdiction to continue such qualification or exemption, as the case may be, in effect for so long as reasonably required for the distribution of the Placement Shares (but in no event for less than one year from the
date of this Agreement). 

(x) [Reserved.] 

(y) Emerging Growth Company. The Company will promptly notify the Agent if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any
time during the term of this Agreement. 

(z) Transfer Agent. The Company has engaged and will maintain, at its sole expense, a
transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock. 

23 

8. Conditions to the Agents Obligations. The obligations of the Agent hereunder
with respect to a Placement Notice will be subject to the continuing accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties made by the Company herein (except as may be disclosed in the Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by
reference therein and any amendments or supplements thereto), and unless such representation or warranty specifies a different time that shall be true and correct as of such time), to the due performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder,
to the completion by the Agent of a due diligence review satisfactory to the Agent in its reasonable judgment, and to the continuing satisfaction (or waiver by the Agent in its sole discretion) of the following additional conditions: 

(a) Registration Statement Effective. The Registration Statement shall be effective and shall be available for all offers and sales of
Placement Shares (i) that have been issued pursuant to all prior Placement Notices and (ii) that will be issued pursuant to any Placement Notice. 

(b) Prospectus Supplement. The Company shall have filed with the Commission the Prospectus Supplement pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
Securities Act not later than the Commissions close of business on the second Business Day following the date of this Agreement. 

(c) No Material Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) receipt by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries of any request for additional information from the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the response to which would require any
post-effective amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any
of the Placement Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; or (iv) the occurrence of any event that makes any material statement made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
or any material Incorporated Document untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or Incorporated Documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and, in the case of the Prospectus, so that it will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(d) No Misstatement or Material Omission. The Agent shall not have advised the Company that the Registration Statement or Prospectus,
or any amendment or supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion, in consultation with outside counsel, is material, or omits to state a fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion, in
consultation with outside counsel, is material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

(e) Material Changes. Except as contemplated in the Prospectus, or disclosed in the Companys reports filed with the Commission,
there shall not have been any material adverse change, on a consolidated basis, in the authorized capital stock of the Company or any Material Adverse Effect or any development that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, or any downgrading in or withdrawal of the rating assigned to any of the Companys securities (other than asset backed securities), if any, by any rating organization or a public announcement by any rating organization

24 

that it has under surveillance or review its rating of any of the Companys securities (other than asset backed securities), if any, the effect of which, in the case of any such action by a
rating organization described above, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent (without relieving the Company of any obligation or liability it may otherwise have), is so material as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering
of the Placement Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Prospectus. 

(f) Company Counsel Legal Opinions. The
Agent shall have received the opinions and negative assurance letters, as applicable, of Company Counsel and Intellectual Property Counsel required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(n) and Section 7(o), as applicable, on or before the
date on which such delivery of such opinions and negative assurance letters are required pursuant to Section 7(n) and Section 7(o), as applicable. 

(g) Agents Counsel Legal Opinion. The Agent shall have received the opinion and negative assurance letter from Paul Hastings LLP,
counsel for the Agent, on or before the date on which the delivery of the Company Counsel legal opinion is required pursuant to Section 7(n), with respect to such matters as the Agent may reasonably require, and the Company shall have furnished
to such counsel such documents as they may request to enable them to pass upon such matters. 

(h) Comfort Letter. The Agent shall
have received the Comfort Letter required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(p) on or before the date on which such delivery of such Comfort Letter is required pursuant to Section 7(p). 

(i) Representation Certificate. The Agent shall have received the certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(m) on
or before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 7(m). 

(j) Secretarys
Certificate. On or prior to the First Placement Notice Date, the Agent shall have received a certificate, signed on behalf of the Company by the Secretary of the Company and attested to by an executive officer of the Company, dated as of such
date and in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel, certifying as to (i) the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of the Company, (ii) the amended and restated bylaws of the Company, (iii) the
resolutions of the board of directors of the Company or duly authorized committee thereof authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Placement Shares and (iv) the incumbency of the
officers of the Company duly authorized to execute this Agreement and the other documents contemplated by this Agreement (including each of the officers set forth on Schedule 2). 

(k) No Suspension. Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended on, and the Common Stock shall not have been delisted
from, Nasdaq. 

(l) Other Materials. On each date on which the Company is required to deliver a certificate pursuant to
Section 7(m), the Company shall have furnished to the Agent such appropriate further information, opinions, certificates, letters and other documents as the Agent may have reasonably requested. All such information, opinions, certificates,
letters and other documents shall have been in compliance with the provisions hereof. The Company shall have furnished the Agent with conformed copies of such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents as the Agent may have reasonably
requested. 

25 

(m) Securities Act Filings Made. All filings with the Commission required by Rule
424(b) or Rule 433 under the Securities Act to have been filed prior to the issuance of any Placement Notice hereunder shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule
424(b)(8) of the Securities Act) or Rule 433, as applicable. 

(n) Approval for Listing. Either (i) the Placement Shares shall
have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject only to notice of issuance, or (ii) the Company shall have filed an application for listing of the Placement Shares on Nasdaq at, or prior to, the First Placement Notice Date. 

(o) [Reserved.] 

(p) No
Termination Event. There shall not have occurred any event that would permit the Agent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 11(a). 

9. Indemnification and Contribution. 

(a) Company Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, its affiliates and their respective partners,
members, directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who (i) controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or (ii) is controlled by or is under
common control with the Agent, in each case from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any and all investigative, legal and other documented expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any and
all amounts paid in settlement (in accordance with this Section 9)), any action, suit, investigation or proceeding between any of the indemnified parties and any indemnifying parties or between any indemnified party and any third party
(including any governmental or self-regulatory authority, or otherwise, or any claim asserted), as and when incurred, to which the Agent, or any such other person may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or
state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, liabilities, expenses or damages arise out of or are based, directly or indirectly, on (x) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus) or in any free writing prospectus related thereto or in any application or other document
executed by or on behalf of the Company or based on written information furnished by or on behalf of the Company filed in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Common Stock under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission,
(y) the omission or alleged omission to state in any such document a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (solely with respect to the Prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made) not misleading; or (z) any breach by any of the indemnifying parties of any of their respective representations, warranties or agreements contained in this Agreement; provided, however, that this indemnity agreement
shall not apply to the extent that such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage arises from the sale of the Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement and is caused, directly or indirectly, by an untrue statement or omission, or alleged untrue
statement or omission, made in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agents Information. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have. 

(b) Agent Indemnification. The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors and each officer of the
Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who (i) controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or (ii) is controlled by or is under
common control with the Company, in each case from and against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 9(a), as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or
alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement (or any amendments thereto) or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agents Information. 

26 

(c) Procedure. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under
this Section 9 will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or parties under this Section 9, notify each such indemnifying
party in writing of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that it might have to any
indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 9 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 9 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the
forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in
and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to
assume the defense of the action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable
to the indemnified party for any other legal expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable and documented costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party
will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (1) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been
authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (2) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in
addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (3) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying
party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party) or (4) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to assume the defense of such
action within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action, in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is
understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one
separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly after the indemnifying party
receives a written invoice relating to such fees, disbursements and other charges in reasonable detail. An indemnifying party will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No
indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this
Section 9 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (1) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such
indemnified party, from all liability arising out of such claim, action or proceeding and (2) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

(d) Settlement Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to
reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for which it is entitled to be reimbursed under this Section 9, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature
contemplated by Section 9(a) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 90 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have
received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 60 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of
such settlement. 

27 

(e) Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in
circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs of this Section 9 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable or insufficient from the Company or the Agent, the
Company and the Agent will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action,
suit, investigation or proceeding or any claim asserted, but after deducting any contribution received by the Company from persons other than the Agent, such as persons who control the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act, officers of
the Company who signed the Registration Statement and directors of the Company, who also may be liable for contribution) to which the Company and the Agent may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits
received by the Company on the one hand and the Agent on the other hand. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Agent on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total Net Proceeds from the
sale of the Placement Shares (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation received by the Agent from the sale of Placement Shares on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the
foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of
the Company, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action, suit, investigation or proceeding in respect thereof, as well as
any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission
to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Agent, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the
Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 9(e) were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable
considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action, suit, investigation or proceeding in respect thereof, referred to above in this
Section 9(e) shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section 9(e), any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action, suit, investigation,
proceeding or claim to the extent consistent with this Section 9. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 9(e), the Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions received by it under
this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For
purposes of this Section 9(e), any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, any affiliates of the Agent, any partners, members, directors,
officers, employees and agents of the Agent and each person that is controlled by or under common control with the Agent will have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement
will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a
claim for contribution may be made under this Section 9(e), will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought
from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 9(e) except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the 

28 

substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section 9(c) hereof or pursuant to
Section 9(d) hereof, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof. 

10. Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in Section 9 of this
Agreement and all representations and warranties of the Company herein or in certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive, as of their respective dates, regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent, any
controlling persons, or the Company (or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or controlling persons), (ii) delivery and acceptance of the Placement Shares and payment therefor or (iii) any termination of this Agreement. 

11. Termination. 

(a)
The Agent shall have the right, by giving notice as hereinafter specified, at any time to terminate this Agreement if (i) any Material Adverse Effect, or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
has occurred that, in the judgment of the Agent, may materially impair the ability of the Agent to sell the Placement Shares hereunder, (ii) the Company shall have failed, refused or been unable to perform any agreement on its part to be
performed hereunder; provided, however, in the case of any failure of the Company to deliver (or cause another person to deliver) any certification, opinion or letter required under Section 7(m), Section 7(n),
Section 7(o) or Section 7(p), the Agents right to terminate shall not arise unless such failure to deliver (or cause to be delivered) continues for more than 30 calendar days from the date such delivery was required, (iii) any
other condition of the Agents obligations hereunder is not fulfilled, or (iv) any suspension or limitation of trading in the Placement Shares or in securities generally on Nasdaq shall have occurred (v) a general banking moratorium
shall have been declared by any of United States federal or New York authorities, or (vi) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity, or any change in the United
States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States or international political, financial or economic conditions that, in the judgment of the Agent, may
materially impair the ability of the Agent to sell the Placement Shares hereunder or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of
Section 7(g), Section 9, Section 10, Section 16 and Section 17 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. If the Agent elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this
Section 11(a), the Agent shall provide the required notice as specified in Section 12. 

(b) The Company shall have the right, by
giving notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement upon ten days prior written notice. Any such termination will go into effect at 4:05 P.M., New York City
Time, on the tenth day following receipt of such notice. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 7(g), Section 9, Section 10, Section 11(f),
Section 16 and Section 17 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. 

(c) The Agent shall
have the right, by giving ten days notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination will go into effect at 4:05 P.M., New York City Time, on
the tenth day following receipt of such notice. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 7(g), Section 9, Section 10, Section 11(f), Section 16 and
Section 17 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. 

(d) [Reserved.] 

29 

(e) This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to
Sections 11(a), (b), or (c) above or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties; provided, however, that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be deemed to provide that Section 7(g), Section 9,
Section 10, Section 11(f), Section 16 and Section 17 shall remain in full force and effect. 

(f) Any termination of
this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided, however, that such termination shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Agent or the
Company, as the case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Placement Shares, such Placement Shares shall settle in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement,
the Company shall not be required to pay to the Agent any discount or commission with respect to any Placement Shares not otherwise sold by the Agent under this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company shall remain obligated to
reimburse the Agents expenses pursuant to Section 7(g). 

12. Notices. All notices or other communications required or
permitted to be given by any party to any other party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, and if sent to the Agent, shall be delivered to: 

Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 

85 Broad Street, 26thFloor 

New York, New York 10004 

Attention: Peter Vogelsang, Office of the General Counsel 

Telephone: [**] 

Email: [**] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Paul Hastings LLP 

The MetLife
Building 

200 Park Avenue 

New York, New York 10166 

Attention: 

Siavosh Salimi:
seosalimi@paulhastings.com 

Ryan Brewer: ryanbrewer@paulhastings.com 

and if to the Company, shall be delivered to: 

Climb Bio, Inc. 

20 William
Street, Suite 145 

Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02481 

Attention: Chief Operating Officer 

E-mail: [**] 

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP 

7 World Trade Center 

250
Greenwich Street 

30 

New York, New York 10007 

Attention: 

Chris
Barnstable-Brown: chris.barnstable-brown@wilmerhale.com 

Scott Lunin: scott.lunin@wilmerhale.com 

Each party to this Agreement may change such address for notices by sending to the parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose.
Each such notice or other communication shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally on or before 4:30 P.M., New York City time, on a Business Day, or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, (ii) by
Electronic Notice as set forth in the next paragraph, (iii) on the next Business Day after timely delivery to a nationally-recognized overnight courier or (iv) on the Business Day actually received if deposited in the U.S. mail (certified
or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid). For purposes of this Agreement, Business Day shall mean any day on which the Nasdaq and commercial banks in the City of New York are open for business. 

An electronic communication (Electronic Notice) shall be deemed written notice for purposes of this Section 12 if sent to the
electronic mail address specified by the receiving party in Section 12. Electronic Notice shall be deemed received at the time the party sending Electronic Notice receives actual acknowledgment of receipt from the person whom the notice is
sent, other than via auto-reply. Any party receiving Electronic Notice may request and shall be entitled to receive the notice on paper, in a nonelectronic form (Nonelectronic Notice), which shall be sent to the requesting
party within 10 days of receipt of the written request for Nonelectronic Notice. 

13. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Agent and their respective successors and the affiliates, controlling persons, officers, directors and other persons referred to in Section 9 hereof. References to any of the
parties contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the successors and permitted assigns of each such party. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto, the persons
referred to in the preceding sentence and their respective successors and permitted assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. Neither party may
assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party; provided, however, that the Agent may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to an affiliate of the Agent without obtaining the
Companys consent, so long as such affiliate is a registered broker-dealer. 

14. Adjustments for Share Splits. The parties
acknowledge and agree that all share-related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted to take into account any share split, share dividend or similar event effected with respect to the Common Stock. 

15. Entire Agreement; Amendment; Severability; Waiver. This Agreement (including all schedules (as amended pursuant to this Agreement)
and exhibits attached hereto and Placement Notices issued pursuant hereto) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard
to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended except pursuant to a written instrument executed by the Company and the Agent; provided, however, that Schedule 2 of this Agreement
may be amended by either party from time to time by sending a notice containing a revised Schedule 2 to the other party in the manner provided in Section 12 and, upon such amendment, all references herein to Schedule
2 shall automatically be deemed to refer to such amended Schedule 2. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable as written by a court of competent 

31 

jurisdiction, then such provision shall be given full force and effect to the fullest possible extent that it is valid, legal and enforceable, and the remainder of the terms and provisions herein
shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable term or provision was not contained herein, but only to the extent that giving effect to such provision and the remainder of the terms and provisions hereof shall be in accordance with
the intent of the parties as reflected in this Agreement. No implied waiver by a party shall arise in the absence of a waiver in writing signed by such party. No failure or delay in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power, or privilege hereunder. 

16. GOVERNING LAW AND TIME; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

17.
Consent to Jurisdiction. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan,for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in
connection with any of the transactions contemplated hereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such
suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit,
action or proceeding by mailing a copy (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested) to such party at the address in effect for notices under Section 12 of this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient notice of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 

18. Construction. 

(a)
The section and exhibit headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

(b) Words defined in the
singular shall have a comparable meaning when used in the plural, and vice versa. 

(c) The words hereof, hereto,
herein and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. 

(d) Wherever the word include, includes or including is used in this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be
followed by the words without limitation. 

(e) References herein to any gender shall include each other gender. 

(f) References herein to any law, statute, ordinance, code, regulation, rule or other requirement of any governmental authority shall be
deemed to refer to such law, statute, ordinance, code, regulation, rule or other requirement of any governmental authority as amended, reenacted, supplemented or superseded in whole or in part and in effect from time to time and also to all rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

32 

19. Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. Each of the Company and the Agent
represents, warrants and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Placement
Shares that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405), required to be filed with the Commission. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the
Agent or by the Company, as the case may be, is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents and warrants that it has treated and agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free
Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus, and that it has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including timely filing with the Commission where required,
legending and record keeping. 

20. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: 

(a) the Agent has been retained to act as sales agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares, the Agent has acted at arms
length and no fiduciary or advisory relationship between the Company or any of its respective affiliates, stockholders (or other equity holders), creditors or employees or any other party, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, has been
or will be created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether the Agent has advised or is advising the Company on other matters and the Agent has no duties or obligations to the Company with respect
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except the obligations expressly set forth herein; 

(b) the Company is capable of
evaluating, and understanding and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

(c) neither the Agent nor its affiliates have provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and it has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate; 

(d) the Company has been advised and is aware that the Agent and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve
interests that differ from those of the Company and that the Agent and its affiliates have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship or otherwise; and 

(e) the Company waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Agent or its affiliates for breach of
fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and agrees that the Agent and its affiliates shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect) to the Company in respect of such
a fiduciary claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Company, including stockholders (or other equity holders), creditors or employees of the Company. 

21. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. In the event that the Agent is a Covered Entity and becomes subject to a
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from the Agent of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S.
Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

33 

In the event that the Agent is a Covered Entity and the Agent or a BHC Act Affiliate of the
Agent becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against the Agent are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised
under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

For purposes of this Agreement, (A) BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be
interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k); (B) Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);
(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b); (C) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable; and (D) U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each
of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

22. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed Agreement by one party to the other may be made by facsimile or electronic transmission. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any
electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so
delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

23. Use of
Information. The Agent may not provide any information gained in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including due diligence, to any third party other than its legal counsel advising it on this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement unless expressly approved by the Company in writing. 

24. Agents
Information. As used in this Agreement, Agents Information means solely the following information in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus: the first and second sentences of the seventh paragraph under the
heading Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus Supplement specifically relating to the Placement Shares. 

[Remainder of Page
Intentionally Blank] 

34 

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Company and the Agent,
please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between the Company and the Agent. 

Very truly yours,

CLIMB BIO, INC.

By: /s/ Aoife Brennan

Name: Aoife Brennan, M.B., Ch.B.

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

ACCEPTED as of the date first-above written:

OPPENHEIMER & CO. INC.

By: /s/ Michael Margolis

Name: Michael Margolis

Title: Senior Managing Director,

Head of Healthcare Investment Banking

[Signature Page to Sales Agreement] 

SCHEDULE 1 

FORM OF PLACEMENT NOTICE 

From: [NAME]

[TITLE]

Climb Bio, Inc.

Cc: [NAME]

To: Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.

Subject: Oppenheimer & Co.At the Market OfferingPlacement Notice

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Equity Distribution Agreement, dated March 25, 2025
(the Agreement), by and between Climb Bio, Inc. (the Company), and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. (Oppenheimer & Co.), I hereby
request on behalf of the Company that Oppenheimer & Co. sell up to [ ] shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company (the Shares), at a minimum market price of $ per share[;
provided that no more than [ ] Shares shall be sold in any one Trading Day (as such term is defined in Section 3 of the Agreement)]. Sales should begin [on the date of this Placement Notice] and end on [MONTH DAY, YEAR] [until all Shares
that are the subject of this Placement Notice are sold]. 

SCHEDULE 2 

Climb Bio, Inc. 

Brett Kaplan 

Emily Pimblett 

Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.

Email: [**] 

SCHEDULE 3 

Compensation 

The Company shall
pay Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. compensation in cash equal to up to 3.0% of the gross proceeds from the sales of Placement Shares pursuant to the terms of the Agreement of which this Schedule 3 forms a part. 

[Signature Page to Sales Agreement] 

Exhibit 7(m) 

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

Each
of Aoife Brennan, the duly qualified and elected President and Chief Executive Officer of Climb Bio, Inc. (the Company), and Brett Kaplan, the duly qualified and elected Chief Operating Officer of the Company, does hereby
certify in their respective capacity and on behalf of the Company, pursuant to Section 7(m) of the Equity Distribution Agreement, dated March 25, 2025 (the Agreement), by and between the Company and
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., that, after due inquiry, to the best of the knowledge of the undersigned: 

(i) Except as may be disclosed
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 6 of the Agreement (A) to the extent such representations and warranties are subject to qualifications and exceptions contained
therein relating to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, are true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if expressly made on and as of the date hereof, except for those representations and warranties that
speak solely as of a specific date and which were true and correct as of such date, and (B) to the extent such representations and warranties are not subject to any qualifications or exceptions relating to materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof as if made on and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if expressly made on and as of the date hereof, except for those representations and warranties
that speak solely as of a specific date and which were true and correct as of such date. 

(ii) The Company has complied with all
agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied pursuant to the Agreement at or prior to the date hereof. 

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Sales Agreement. Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale
and Dorr LLP, Paul Hastings LLP and Brown Rudnick LLP are entitled to rely on this certificate in connection with the respective opinions such firms are rendering pursuant to the Agreement. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned, in such individuals respective capacity
as President and Chief Executive Officer or Chief Operating Officer of the Company, has executed this Officers Certificate on behalf of the Company. 

By: 

Name: Aoife Brennan

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Date:

By: 

Name: Brett Kaplan

Title: Chief Operating Officer

Date:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d943630dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

+1 212 230 8800 (t) 

+1 212 230 8888 (f) 

wilmerhale.com

March 25, 2025 

Climb Bio, Inc. 

20 William Street, Suite 145 

Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts
02481 

Re: 

Prospectus Supplement to Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This opinion is being furnished to you in connection with (i) the Registration Statement on Form
S-3(File No. 333-283166) (the Registration Statement) filed by Climb Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), for the registration of, among other things, an indeterminate number of shares of the Companys
common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), which may be issued from time to time on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act at an initial aggregate offering price not to exceed
$200,000,000, as set forth in the Registration Statement and the base prospectus contained therein (the Base Prospectus) and (ii) the prospectus supplement, dated March 25, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement and,
together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus) relating to the issuance and sale from time to time by the Company of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate offering price of up to $22,350,000 (the Shares). 

The Shares are to be issued and sold by the Company pursuant to an Equity Distribution Agreement, dated March 25, 2025, between the
Company and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. (the Distribution Agreement). The Distribution Agreement is being filed with the Commission as Exhibit 1.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form
8-K, filed on the date hereof. 

We are acting as counsel for the Company in connection with the
issue and sale by the Company of the Shares pursuant to the Distribution Agreement. We have examined and relied upon copies of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as filed with the Commission, including the exhibits thereto. We have also
examined and relied upon the Distribution Agreement, minutes of meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors of the Company (including committees thereof) as provided to us by the Company, stock record books of the Company as provided to
us by the Company, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and Bylaws of the Company, each as restated and/or amended to date, and such other documents as we have deemed necessary for purposes of rendering the opinions hereinafter set forth.

In our examination of the foregoing documents, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents
submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies, the authenticity of the originals of such latter documents and the legal competence of all signatories to such documents. 

Wilmer Cutler Pickering
Hale and Dorr LLP, 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10007 

Berlin Boston 
Brussels Denver Frankfurt London Los Angeles New York Palo Alto San Francisco Washington 

Climb Bio, Inc.

March 25, 2025

Page
2

We have relied as to certain matters on information obtained from public officials and
officers of the Company, and we have assumed that (i) the Shares will be issued and sold in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws and in the manner stated in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and any applicable
prospectus supplement; (ii) there will be sufficient shares of Common Stock authorized under the Certificate of Incorporation and not otherwise reserved for issuance; and (iii) at the time of the issuance and sale of the Shares, the
Company will be validly existing as a corporation and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. 

We have assumed that
there will not have occurred, prior to the date of issuance of the Shares, any change in law affecting the validity of such Shares and that at the time of the issuance and sale of the Shares, the Board of Directors of the Company (or any committee
thereof acting pursuant to authority properly delegated to such committee by the Board of Directors) shall not have taken any action to rescind or otherwise reduce its prior authorization of the issuance of the Shares. 

We express no opinion herein as to the laws of any state or jurisdiction other than the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. We
also express no opinion herein with respect to compliance by the Company with the securities or blue sky laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States or of any foreign jurisdiction. In addition, we express no opinion and
make no statement herein with respect to the antifraud laws of any jurisdiction. 

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the
opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized for issuance and, when the Shares are issued and paid for in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Distribution Agreement, the Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

It is understood that this opinion is to be used only in connection with the offer and
sale of the Shares while the Registration Statement is in effect. 

Please note that we are opining only as to the matters expressly set
forth herein, and no opinion should be inferred as to any other matters. This opinion is based upon currently existing statutes, rules, regulations and judicial decisions, and we disclaim any obligation to advise you of any change in any of these
sources of law or subsequent legal or factual developments which might affect any matters or opinions set forth herein. 

We hereby consent
to the filing of this opinion with the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company on the date hereof in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares and to the use of our name therein and in the related Prospectus Supplement under the caption Legal
Matters. In giving such consent, we do not hereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission. 

Climb Bio, Inc.

March 25, 2025

Page
3

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP 

WILMER CUTLER
PICKERING 

HALE AND DORR LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d943630dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Climb Bio Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2024 Financial
Results and Provides Business Updates 

Received Clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for Clinical Trials of
Budoprutug in Primary Membranous Nephropathy (pMN), Immune Thrombocytopenia (ITP), and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) 

Completed
Studies to Support Process Optimization through Cell Line Switch for Budoprutug and Filed Additional Patent Applications to Further Strengthen Intellectual Property Position 

Expanded Pipeline to Include CLYM116, an Anti-APRIL (A PRoliferation-Inducing Ligand) Monoclonal Antibody for Treatment of IgA Nephropathy
(IgAN) 

Appointed Perrin Wilson, Ph.D. as Chief Business Officer 

Ended 2024 in a Strong Financial Position, with Cash Runway Expected Through 2027 

WELLESLEY HILLS, MASS., (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) March 25, 2025 Climb Bio, Inc. (Nasdaq: CLYM), a clinical stage biotechnology company developing
therapeutics for patients with immune-mediated diseases, today reported financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2024, provided a business update, and reiterated anticipated program milestones. 

2024 was a transformational year for Climb Bio, as we rebranded the company and embarked on our mission to bring more inspired medicines to patients
living with immune-mediated diseases, said Aoife Brennan, President and CEO of Climb Bio. Our momentum continues in 2025, which marks a critical year of execution across our portfolio. Our cornerstone asset, budoprutug, a potentially best-in-class anti-CD19 monoclonal antibody, is being developed for three initial indications: pMN, ITP, and SLE, each of which represents a significant opportunity where we
believe budoprutug is differentiated and uniquely positioned to deliver meaningful outcomes for patients. With regulatory clearance from the FDA now in place for clinical trials in all three indications, we have begun initiating clinical trials and
expect to begin dosing patients later this year. 

Dr. Brennan continued, Additionally, we recently
in-licensed a second asset, CLYM116, a potential best-in-class anti-APRIL monoclonal antibody currently in Investigational New
Drug (IND)-enabling studies for the treatment of IgAN and other B-cell mediated diseases. We remain focused on progressing this program towards the clinic and expect to share initial preclinical data in the
second half of 2025. With two highly differentiated assets in our pipeline, a strong balance sheet, and a deeply experienced team, we are well positioned to execute on our goals and advance new treatment options for the approximately 50 million
people in the U.S. living with immune-mediated diseases. 

Recent Highlights 

FDA Clearance for budoprutug Phase 2 pMN clinical trial. The Company received clearance from the FDA to
initiate a Phase 2 clinical trial of budoprutug in patients with pMN. This open-label, dose-ranging trial is designed to further evaluate the efficacy and safety of budoprutug in pMN. 

FDA Clearance of budoprutug IND in ITP. The Company received clearance from the FDA of its
IND, allowing the Company to initiate a Phase 1b/2a clinical trial of budoprutug in patients with ITP. This open-label, dose escalation and expansion trial is designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and
preliminary clinical efficacy of budoprutug in ITP. 

Completed studies supporting a cell line switch for budoprutug and filed patent applications to strengthen
intellectual property position. The Company is advancing the manufacturing process for budoprutug to support later stage clinical development and recently completed studies supporting a cell line switch that allows for improved productivity and
scalability. The material from the new process has been cleared by the FDA for use in clinical trials. The Company has filed multiple patent applications that relate to the new manufacturing process, new uses of budoprutug, and new formulations. The
patents that may be issued from these pending patent applications are expected to expire in 2045. 

Expanded pipeline to include CLYM116, an antibody targeting the APRIL pathway for IgAN. In January 2025,
Climb Bio entered into a technology transfer and exclusive license agreement with Beijing Mabworks Biotech Co., Ltd. (NEEQ Code: 874070, Mabworks) for the rights to develop and commercialize CLYM116 in the territory outside of Greater China. CLYM116
is a highly potent, Fc-engineered antibody which has the potential to enable more rapid, deep and durable inhibition of APRIL signaling through its novel, pH-dependent
mechanism of action. 

Appointed Perrin Wilson, Ph.D. as Chief Business Officer in February 2025. Dr. Wilson has over 17
years of experience in the pharmaceutical and biotech industry and has deep expertise in business development and commercial strategy. During her career, she has led brand strategy and launch preparations and has overseen multiple successful
acquisitions and integrations. 

Portfolio Overview and Anticipated Key Milestones 

Budoprutug: anti-CD19 monoclonal antibody designed for a broad range of
B-cell mediated diseases. 

Primary membranous nephropathy (pMN): pMN is an IgG4 mediated disease, with no approved treatment options.
A Phase 1b trial of budoprutug in pMN has been completed and the Company has received clearance from the FDA to initiate a Phase 2 clinical trial. The Company anticipates dosing its first patient in this study in the second half of 2025.

Immune thrombocytopenia (ITP): ITP is an IgG 1-3
immune-mediated disorder where there is compelling proof-of-concept validating the clinical rationale for using B-cell depletion
therapies. The Company now has clearance from the FDA to initiate a Phase 1b/2a clinical trial of budoprutug in ITP and anticipates dosing its first patient in the first half of 2025. 

Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE): SLE is a complex, chronic systemic disease affecting multiple organ
systems where there is proof-of-concept for a CD19-targeted approach. Following the Companys receipt of clearance of the IND for SLE in October 2024, the Company
remains on track to initiate a Phase 1b clinical study of budoprutug for SLE and anticipates dosing its first patient in the first half of 2025. 

Subcutaneous formulation: Budoprutug has been successfully formulated above 175 mg/ml while maintaining
low viscosity, creating an opportunity to pursue a dosing form that potentially features a low volume injection. The Company plans to share additional non-clinical data for the subcutaneous program in the
first half of 2025 and plans to progress the subcutaneous program into clinical development in the second half of 2025. 

CLYM116: anti-APRIL monoclonal antibody for IgAN and other B-cell
mediated diseases. 

IgA nephropathy (IgAN): IgAN is an autoantibody mediated disease caused by deposition of immune complexes,
comprising IgA and IgG, in the glomeruli, where there is clinical validation for an APRIL targeted approach. IND-enabling studies for CLYM116 are ongoing and the Company expects to share initial preclinical
data from this program in the second half of 2025. 

Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Financial Results 

Cash Position: Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $212.5 million as of
December 31, 2024, as compared to $106.8 million as of December 31, 2023. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are expected to fund operations through 2027. 

Acquired In-Process Research and Development expense: Acquired in-process research and development expense was $51.7 million for the full year ended December 31, 2024 relating to the Companys acquisition of Tenet Medicines, Inc. in June of 2024.

Research and Development (R&D) expenses: R&D expenses were $6.0 million for the three months
ended December 31, 2024, and $14.3 million for the full year 2024, compared to $3.1 million and $15.4 million for comparable periods in 2023, respectively. 

General and Administrative (G&A) expenses: G&A expenses were $5.0 million for the three
months ended December 31, 2024, and $16.0 million for the full year 2024, compared to $2.0 million and $24.9 million for comparable periods in 2023, respectively. 

Other income, net: Other income, net was $2.5 million for the three months ended December 31,
2024, and $8.1 million for the full year 2024, compared to $1.5 million and $5.2 million for comparable periods in 2023, respectively. 

Net loss: Net loss was $8.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2024, and
$73.9 million for the full year 2024, compared to $3.6 million and $35.1 million for comparable periods in 2023, respectively.Net loss for the full year 2024 included $51.7 million of acquired in-process research and development expenses, while net loss for the full year 2023 included restructuring costs of $18.8 million, of which $3.8 million was included in R&D expenses and
$15.0 million in G&A expenses. 

About Climb Bio, Inc. 

Climb Bio, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing therapeutics for patients with immune-mediated diseases. The Companys pipeline
includes, budoprutug, an anti-CD19 monoclonal antibody that has demonstrated B-cell depletion and has potential to treat a broad range of B-cell mediated diseases, and
CLYM116, an anti-APRIL monoclonal antibody currently in IND-enabling studies for IgA nephropathy. For more information, please visit climbbio.com.

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including without limitation statements regarding: future expectations, plans and prospects for Climb Bio; expectations regarding the
therapeutic benefits, clinical potential and clinical development of budoprutug and CLYM116; the trial design for the planned clinical trials of budoprutug; the anticipated timelines for initiating clinical trials of budoprutug for primary
membranous nephropathy, immune thrombocytopenia and systemic lupus erythematosus; plans to optimize the administration of budoprutug; the anticipated benefits of Climb Bios license agreement with Mabworks; the sufficiency of Climb Bios
cash resources for the period anticipated; and other statements containing the words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may,
plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, would, will, working and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on
managements current expectations of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in, or implied by, such forward-looking
statements. Climb Bio may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, important risks and uncertainties associated with: the ability of Climb Bio to timely and successfully achieve or recognize the anticipated benefits of its acquisition of Tenet Medicines, Inc. and its license agreement with
Mabworks; changes in applicable laws or regulation; the possibility that Climb Bio may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors; Climb Bios ability to advance budoprutug and CLYM116 on the timelines expected
or at all and to obtain and maintain necessary approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and other regulatory authorities; obtaining and maintaining the necessary approvals from investigational review boards at clinical trial sites and
independent data safety monitoring boards; replicating in clinical trials positive results found in early-stage clinical trials; competing successfully with other companies that are seeking to develop treatments for primary membranous nephropathy,
immune thrombocytopenia, systemic lupus erythematosus, IgA nephropathy and other immune-mediated diseases; maintaining or protecting intellectual property rights related to budoprutug, CLYM116 and/or its other product candidates; managing expenses;
and raising the substantial additional capital needed, on the timeline necessary, to continue development of budoprutug, CLYM116 and any other product candidates Climb Bio may develop. For a discussion of other risks and uncertainties, and other
important factors, any of which could cause Climb Bios actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the Risk Factors section, as well as discussions of potential risks,
uncertainties and other important factors, in Climb Bios most recent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, the forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Climb Bios views as of
the date hereof and should not be relied upon as representing Climb Bios views as of any date subsequent to the date hereof. Climb Bio anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause Climb Bios views to change. However,
while Climb Bio may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Climb Bio specifically disclaims any obligation to do so, except as required by law.

Investors 

Chris Brinzey 

ICR Healthcare 

chris.brinzey@icrhealthcare.com 

339-970-2843

Media 

Jon Yu 

ICR Healthcare 

jon.yu@icrhealthcare.com 

475-395-5375

Climb Bio, Inc. 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands) 

(unaudited) 

December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 

Assets 

Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities $ 212,529 $ 106,798 

Other assets 4,658 3,671 

Total assets $ 217,187 $ 110,469 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Liabilities $ 5,306 $ 2,870 

Total stockholders equity 211,881 107,599 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity $ 217,187 $ 110,469 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

(unaudited) 

Three Months Ended

December 31, Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Operating expenses: 

Acquired in-process research and development, related
party $ $ $ 51,659 $ 

Research and development 5,959 3,127 14,336 15,411 

General and administrative 4,952 1,995 16,025 24,864 

Total operating expenses $ 10,911 $ 5,122 $ 82,020 $ 40,275 

Loss from operations (10,911 ) (5,122 ) (82,020 ) (40,275 ) 

Other income, net 2,495 1,481 8,123 5,156 

Net loss $ (8,416 ) $ (3,641 ) $ (73,897 ) $ (35,119 ) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted $ (0.13 ) $ (0.13 ) $ (1.53 ) $ (1.30 )
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>clym-20250325.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>clym-20250325_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>clym-20250325_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g943630g0324214625452.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g943630g0324214625656.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g943630snap1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001768446

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 25, 2025

Entity Registrant Name CLIMB BIO, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-40708

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-2273741

Entity Address, Address Line One 20 William Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 145

Entity Address, City or Town Wellesley Hills

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02481

City Area Code (866)

Local Phone Number 857-2596

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CLYM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://climbbio.com//20250325/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

clym-20250325.xsd 
clym-20250325_lab.xml 
clym-20250325_pre.xml 
d943630d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-062629-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d943630d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001768446 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

false 
0001768446 
8-K 
2025-03-25 
CLIMB BIO, INC. 
DE 
001-40708 
83-2273741 
20 William Street 
Suite 145 
Wellesley Hills 
MA 
02481 
(866) 
857-2596 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
CLYM 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>