<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-018885.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-018885.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203075412
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-018885
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250131
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UMB FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000101382
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				430903811
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38481
		FILM NUMBER:		25580663

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1010 GRAND AVE
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8168607000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1010 GRAND AVE
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED MISSOURI BANCSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MISSOURI BANCSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710915
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d827883d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

UMB FINANCIAL CORPMOfalse0000101382--12-3100001013822025-01-312025-01-310000101382us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-312025-01-310000101382us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember2025-01-312025-01-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (date of earliest event reported): January 31, 2025

UMB FINANCIAL CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

MO 001-38481 43-0903811

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission

File No.) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1010 Grand Blvd.

Kansas City, MO 

64106

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(816)860-7000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a- 12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value UMBF The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of 7.00% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A UMBFP The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introduction 

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed in connection with the completion on January 31, 2025 (the Closing Date) of the previously announced merger between UMB Financial Corporation, a Missouri corporation (UMB or the Company) and Heartland Financial USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (HTLF), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 28, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company, HTLF and Blue Sky Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub). 

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, Merger Sub merged with and into HTLF (the Merger), with HTLF surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Surviving Entity). Immediately following the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), and as part of a single, integrated transaction, the Surviving Entity merged with and into the Company (the Second Merger, and together with the Merger, the Mergers), with the Company surviving the Second Merger. On the day immediately following the closing date of the Mergers, HTLFs wholly owned banking subsidiary, HTLF Bank, merged with and into UMBs wholly owned banking subsidiary, UMB Bank, National Association (the Bank Merger), with UMB Bank, National Association continuing as the surviving bank in the Bank Merger. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, (i) each share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of HTLF (HTLF Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than certain shares held by UMB or HTLF, was converted into the right to receive 0.55 shares (the Exchange Ratio, and such shares, the Merger Consideration) of common stock, $1.00 par value, of UMB (UMB Common Stock), (ii) each share of 7.00% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E, par value $1.00 per share of HTLF (the HTLF Preferred Stock), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted into the right to receive one share of the newly created 7.00% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company (the UMB Preferred Stock) with such rights, preferences, privileges and powers (including voting powers) as set forth in the Certificate of Designations attached as an exhibit to the Merger Agreement and (iii) each outstanding HTLF depositary share representing a 1/400th interest in a share of HTLF Preferred Stock was converted into a UMB depositary share representing a 1/400th interest in a share of UMB Preferred Stock. Each holder of HTLF Common Stock and HTLF Preferred Stock (and depositary shares in respect thereof) converted pursuant to the Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of UMB Common Stock and UMB Preferred Stock (after taking into account all shares held by such holder) will instead receive cash (without interest) in lieu of such fractional share in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. 

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each outstanding equity award with respect to HTLF Common Stock was treated as follows: 

Restricted Stock Units: Each time-vesting restricted stock unit award of HTLF (each, a HTLF RSU Award) that was vested or held by a former service provider or a non-employee director became fully vested and was cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. Each other HTLF RSU Award was assumed by the Company and converted into a restricted stock unit award with respect to a number of shares of UMB Common Stock determined by multiplying the number of shares of HTLF Common Stock subject to the HTLF RSU Award immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio (each, an Assumed RSU Award). Each Assumed RSU Award continues to have, and is subject to, the same terms and conditions as applied to the corresponding HTLF RSU Award immediately prior to the Effective Time (including the requirement to perform continued services to satisfy applicable time-based vesting conditions, subject to any accelerated vesting on a Qualified Termination (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of the holders employment following the Mergers). 

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units: Each performance-vesting restricted stock unit award of HTLF (each, a HTLF PSU Award) held by a former service provider became fully vested based on target performance and was cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. Each other HTLF PSU Award was assumed by the Company and converted (based on target performance) into a time-vesting restricted stock unit award with respect to a number of shares of UMB Common Stock determined by multiplying the number of shares of HTLF Common Stock subject to the HTLF PSU Award immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio (each, an Assumed PSU Award). Each Assumed PSU Award continues to have, and is subject to, the same terms and conditions as applied to the corresponding HTLF PSU Award (other than performance-based vesting conditions) immediately prior to the Effective Time (including the requirement to perform continued services to satisfy applicable time-based vesting conditions, subject to any accelerated vesting on a Qualified Termination of the holders employment following the Mergers). 

Stock Options: Each stock option to purchase HTLF Common Stock (each a HTLF Option) that was vested or held by a former service provider became fully vested and was cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, reduced by a number of shares required to satisfy the applicable exercise price. Each HTLF Option for which the applicable per share exercise price exceeded the closing price of a share of HTLF Common Stock on the Closing Date was cancelled as of the Effective Time for no consideration. Each HTLF Option that was unvested and held by an active service provider was assumed by the Company and converted into a stock option to purchase a number of shares of UMB Common Stock determined by multiplying the number of shares of HTLF Common Stock subject to the HTLF Option immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio, at an exercise price determined by dividing the exercise price of the HTLF Option immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio (each an Assumed Option). Each Assumed Option continues to have, and is subject to, the same terms and conditions as applied to the corresponding HTLF Option immediately prior to the Effective Time (including the requirement to perform continued services to satisfy applicable time-based vesting conditions, subject to any accelerated vesting on a Qualified Termination of the holders employment following the Mergers). 

The foregoing description of the Mergers, the Bank Merger and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 

The total aggregate consideration payable in the Merger was approximately 24 million shares of UMB Common Stock. The issuance of shares of UMB Common Stock in connection with the Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-280190) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and declared effective on July 5, 2024 (the Registration Statement). The joint proxy statement/prospectus included in the Registration Statement (the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus) contains additional information about the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. 

The information set forth in the Introduction is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 2.01. 

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

In connection with the Merger, at the Effective Time, the Company assumed HTLFs obligations as required by the indentures and certain related agreements with respect to HTLFs outstanding trust preferred securities consisting of (i) $3,093,000 of its floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures due September 30, 2032, (ii) $10,310,000 of its floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures due December 26, 2032, (iii) $7,732,000 of its floating rate junior subordinated debt securities due April 24, 2033, (iv) $7,732,000 of its fixed/floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures due September 17, 2033, (v) $5,155,000 of its floating rate junior subordinated debt securities due November 23, 2034, (vi) $10,310,000 of its floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures due December 17, 2033, (vii) $25,774,000 of its floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures due March 17, 2034, (viii) $5,155,000 of its junior subordinated debt securities due December 15, 2034, (ix) $6,186,000 of its junior subordinated debt securities due December 15, 2034, (x) $7,217,000 of its floating rate junior subordinated debt securities due January 23, 2034, (xi) $11,856,000 of its unsecured junior subordinated deferrable interest notes due September 30, 2035, (xii) $20,619,000 of its junior subordinated debt securities due April 7, 2036, (xiii) $15,464,000 of its junior subordinated debt securities due June 15, 2036, (xiv) $20,619,000 of its fixed/floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures due September 15, 2037 and (xv) $20,619,000 of its floating rate junior subordinated debt securities due September 1, 2037 (collectively, the Trust Preferred Securities). In connection with the Merger, at the Effective Time, the Company also assumed all of HTLFs obligations as required by that certain Indenture, dated as of December 17, 2014, as supplemented by that certain Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 8, 2021 (collectively, the Indenture), with respect to HTLFs $150,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 2.75% fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due September 15, 2031 (the 2031 Notes). 

The supplemental indentures pursuant to which the Company assumed the Trust Preferred Securities and the original indentures pursuant to which the Trust Preferred Securities were issued, and the assignment and assumption pursuant to which the Company assumed the 2031 Notes, as well as the Indenture pursuant which the 2031 Notes were issued, have not been filed herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(v) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of such indentures and the Indenture to the Commission upon request. 

Item 3.03. Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders. 

On January 31, 2025, in connection with the consummation of the Mergers, UMB filed (i) a certificate of amendment with the Missouri Secretary of State for the purpose of amending its articles of incorporation to effect an increase in the number of authorized shares of UMB Common Stock from 80,000,000 to 160,000,000 and (ii) a certificate of designation to fix the designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights of the UMB Preferred Stock. Additionally, in connection with the issuance of the UMB Preferred Stock, UMB entered into a deposit agreement (the Deposit Agreement), dated as of January 31, 2025, by and among UMB, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare, Inc., jointly as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described in the Deposit Agreement. 

The description of the UMB Preferred Stock and the UMB depositary shares to be issued in connection therewith under the section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus filed by UMB with the Commission on July 5, 2024 (the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus) entitled DESCRIPTION OF NEW UMB PREFERRED STOCK is incorporated herein by reference. 

The foregoing description of the certificate of amendment, the certificate of designation and the terms of the UMB Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the certificate of amendment and the certificate of designation, which are filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 to this Current Report and are incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Board of Directors 

In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, the size of the board of directors of the Company (the Board) as of the Effective Time was increased to consist of a total of 16 directors, including 11 current directors of UMB and five directors of HTLF mutually agreed by UMB and HTLF. 

Continued Service of Directors; Election of Directors 

The 11 current directors of UMB, each of whom previously served, and continues to serve, as a member of the Board, are as follows: J. Mariner Kemper, Robin C. Beery, Janine A. Davidson, Kevin C. Gallagher, Greg M. Graves, Gordon E. Lansford III, Timothy R. Murphy, Tamara M. Peterman, Kris A. Robbins, L. Joshua Sosland and Leroy J. Williams, Jr. 

The five former directors of HTLF mutually agreed by UMB and HTLF, each of whom previously served as a member of the board of directors of HTLF immediately prior to the Merger and was appointed by the Board to fill the vacancies resulting from the increase in the size of the Board referred to above, in each case effective as of the Effective Time, are as follows: John Schmidt, Jennifer Hopkins, Susan Murphy, Margaret Lazo and Brad Henderson (collectively, the New Directors). Certain New Directors have also been assigned to serve on certain committees of UMBs board of directors. In particular, (i) Brad Henderson, Jennifer Hopkins and Susan Murphy have been assigned to serve on the Audit Committee, (ii) Brad Henderson, Jennifer Hopkins, Margaret Lazo and Susan Murphy have been assigned to serve on the Risk Committee, (iii) Margaret Lazo has been assigned to serve on the Compensation Committee and (iv) John Schmidt has been assigned to serve on the Governance Committee. 

Other than the Merger Agreement, there are no arrangements between the New Directors and any other person pursuant to which the New Directors were selected as directors. There are no transactions in which any New Director has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.Non-employee members of the Board, including the New Directors, will be compensated for such service in accordance with UMBs non-employee director compensation policies. 

Amendments to UMB PSU Awards 

Effective as of the Effective Time, the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee) approved certain amendments to the performance share unit awards (PSUs) granted to UMBs named executive officers in 2023 and 2024 (the 2023 PSUs and 2024 PSUs, respectively). The 2023 PSUs and 2024 PSUs, as originally granted, were eligible to vest subject to achievement of certain earnings per share and average return on tangible common equity metrics. Following a review of the expected impact of the Merger on such metrics, the Committee determined that the applicable performance metrics were no longer appropriate. As a result, after discussions with the Committees independent compensation consultant, the Committee waived the continued applicability of the performance-based vesting conditions for the 2023 PSUs and 2024 PSUs and converted such PSUs into awards of restricted stock units (RSUs) that vest at the same time as the service conditions that applied to such PSUs. The 2023 PSUs and 2024 PSUs were converted to RSUs assuming performance at 100% and 194.7% of target, respectively, which reflected the greater of target performance and actual performance through December 31, 2024. 

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation. 

In connection with the completion of the Merger and in accordance with the Merger Agreement, UMBs articles of incorporation were amended to increase the number of authorized shares of UMB Common Stock from 80,000,000 shares to 160,000,000 shares (the Articles Amendment and the Companys articles of incorporation, as amended in accordance with the Articles Amendment, the Articles of Incorporation), effective as of the Closing Date. 

The foregoing summary of the Articles Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Articles Amendment, a copy of which is filed hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 

On January 31, 2025, UMB filed a Certificate of Designation to its Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Missouri, establishing the terms of the UMB Preferred Stock. A copy of the Certificate of Designation relating to the UMB Preferred Stock is filed as Exhibit 3.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. 

As a result of the Mergers, HTLF no longer exists as a legal entity separate from UMB and therefore no longer fulfills the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Global Select Market (the Nasdaq). On January 31, 2025, the Nasdaq was notified that the Mergers would be effective as of January 31, 2025 and it was requested that the Nasdaq (1) suspend trading of HTLF Common Stock and HTLF Preferred Stock, (2) withdraw HTLF Common Stock and HTLF Preferred Stock from listing on the Nasdaq, in each case, prior to the open of trading on February 3, 2025, and (3) file with the Commission a notification of delisting of HTLF Common Stock and HTLF Preferred Stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). As a result, HTLF Common Stock and HTLF Preferred Stock will no longer be listed on the Nasdaq. 

In furtherance of the foregoing, UMB, as successor to HTLF, intends to file with the Commission certifications on Form 15 under the Exchange Act requesting the deregistration of HTLF Common Stock and HTLF Preferred Stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the corresponding immediate suspension of HTLFs reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable, and to cease filing any further periodic reports with respect to HTLF since it no longer as a result of the Mergers exists as a separate legal entity. 

Item 8.01. Other Events 

On January 31, 2025, UMB issued a press release announcing the completion of the Mergers. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Forward Sale Agreement 

As previously reported on the Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2024 (the April 8-K) and May 1, 2024 (the May 8-K), on April 28, 2024, the Company entered into (i) an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with BofA Securities, Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representatives for the underwriters named therein (collectively, the Underwriters), Bank of America, N.A., acting in its capacity as the forward purchaser (the Forward Purchaser), and BofA Securities, Inc. as forward seller (the Forward Seller), relating to the registered public offering and sale by the Forward Seller of 2,800,000 shares of UMB Common Stock, and (ii) a forward sale agreement (the Forward Sale Agreement) with the Forward Purchaser relating to 2,800,000 shares of UMB Common Stock. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriters were also granted a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 420,000 shares of UMB Common Stock. 

On April 30, 2024, the Underwriters exercised in full their option to purchase the additional 420,000 shares of UMB Common Stock pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and, in connection therewith, the Company entered into an additional forward sale agreement (the Additional Forward Sale Agreement) with the Forward Purchaser relating to 420,000 shares of UMB Common Stock, on terms essentially similar to those contained in the Forward Sale Agreement. 

The Company intends to physically settle in full the Forward Sale Agreement and the Additional Forward Sale Agreement during the first quarter of 2025 by delivering 3,220,000 shares of UMB Common Stock to the Forward Purchaser. The 

Company expects to receive net proceeds from such sale of shares of UMB Common Stock and full physical settlement of the Forward Sale Agreement and the Additional Forward Sale Agreement, before expenses, of approximately $231.8 million, based upon the initial forward sale price of $72.00 per share. The forward sale price is subject to adjustments pursuant to the terms of the Forward Sale Agreement, and the actual proceeds will be calculated pursuant thereto. 

The descriptions of the Underwriting Agreement, the Forward Sale Agreement and the Additional Forward Sale Agreement set forth above do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their respective entireties by reference to the terms and conditions of the Underwriting Agreement and the Forward Sale Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 1.1 and 10.2, respectively, to the April 8-K, and the Additional Forward Sale Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the May 8-K, and, in each case, incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

The financial statements required by this item will be filed by an amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K no later than 71 days after the date on which this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 28, 2024, by and among Heartland Financial USA, Inc., UMB Financial Corporation and Blue Sky Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Form 8-K, initially filed with the Commission on April 29, 2024)* 

3.1 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of UMB, dated as of January 31, 2025. 

3.2 Certificate of Designation for the UMB Preferred Stock, dated as of January 31, 2025. 

99.1 Press Release of UMB, dated January 31, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL document)

* 

Pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules and similar attachments have been omitted. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the Commission upon request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

UMB FINANCIAL CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Ram Shankar

Name: Ram Shankar

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Date: February 3, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d827883dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

Pursuant to the General and Business Corporation Law of Missouri (the GBCL), the undersigned Corporation hereby submits the
following Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation: 

1. 

The name of the Corporation is UMB Financial Corporation (the Corporation).

2. 

An amendment to the Corporations Articles of Incorporation was adopted by the shareholders of the
Corporation on August 6, 2024 (the Amendment). 

3. 

The Amendment is set out in full as follows: 

See attached Annex A hereto. 

4. 

Of the 48,744,131 of shares outstanding, 48,744,131 of such shares were entitled to vote on the Amendment.

The number of outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote on the Amendment as a class were as follows: 

Class Number of Outstanding Shares 

Common Stock 48,744,131 

5. 

The number of shares voted for the Amendment was 44,385,266. The number of shares voted against the Amendment
was 303,577. 

The number of shares of each class voted for and against the Amendment were as follows: 

Class Number of Shares

Voted For Number of Shares

Voted Against 

Common Stock 44,385,266 303,577 

6. 

The effective time and date of the Amendment will be 11:57 p.m. Eastern Time on January 31, 2025.

[signature page follows] 

IN AFFIRMATION THEREOF, the facts stated above are true and correct: 

(The undersigned understands that false statements made in this filing are subject to the penalties provided under 575.040, RSMo.) 

/s/ Ram Shankar

Ram Shankar, Chief Financial Officer

January 31, 2025

2 

Annex A 

Reference is made to ARTICLE III of the Articles of Incorporation of UMB Financial Corporation, a Missouri corporation, as amended
March 6, 2003. The first paragraph of ARTICLE III is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

The aggregate number of shares
which the corporation shall have the authority to issue is one hundred sixty-one million (161,000,000). One hundred sixty million (160,000,000) of such shares shall be common stock with a par value of one
dollar ($1.00) per share, and such common stock shall have no preferences, qualifications, limitations, restrictions or special relative or convertible rights. The remaining one million (1,000,000) shares shall be preferred stock with a par value of
one cent ($0.01) per share. 

Except as amended hereby, the Articles of Incorporation of UMB Financial Corporation, as amended
March 6, 2003, remains unchanged and in full force and effect. 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d827883dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION 

OF 

7.00% 

FIXED-RATE RESET NON-CUMULATIVE

PERPETUAL PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES A 

OF 

UMB FINANCIAL
CORPORATION 

UMB Financial Corporation, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Missouri (the
Corporation), in accordance with the provisions of Section 351.180 of the General and Business Corporation Law of Missouri, does hereby certify: 

The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board) duly adopted resolutions on April 28, 2024 (the Board
Resolutions) and acting in accordance with such resolutions, the Corporations Articles of Incorporation, the Corporations Bylaws, and applicable law, adopted the following resolution on April 28, 2024, creating a series of
Preferred Stock of up to 11,500 shares from the Corporations authorized Preferred Stock, which series of Preferred Stock is to be designated as 7.00% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual
Preferred Stock, Series A (Series A Preferred Stock): 

RESOLVED, that pursuant to the provisions of the Articles
of Incorporation of the Corporation, the Bylaws of the Corporation and applicable law, a series of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation be and hereby is created, and that the number of shares of such series, and the terms,
preferences, privileges, designations, rights, qualifications, limitations, and restrictions thereof, are hereby established as set forth below: 

1. Definitions. The following terms used herein shall be defined as set forth below: 

Appropriate Federal Banking Agency means the appropriate Federal banking agency with respect to the Corporation
as defined in Section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. Section 1813(q)), or any successor provision. 

Articles of Incorporation means the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, as it may be amended or restated from
time to time. 

Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day
on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulation to close in The City of New York. 

Bylaws
means the Bylaws of the Corporation, as they may be amended or restated from time to time. 

Calculation Agent means
HTLF Bank and its successors and assigns, including any successor calculation agent with respect to shares of Series A Preferred Stock duly appointed by the Corporation. 

Common Stock means any and all shares of common stock of the Corporation,
par value $1.00 per share. 

Federal Reserve means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and its
delegates. 

First Reset Date means July 15, 2025. 

Five-Year Treasury Rate means, as of any Reset Dividend Determination Date: 

(a) The average of the yields to maturity on actively traded U.S. treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for five-year maturities,
for the five Business Days immediately preceding the Reset Dividend Determination Date, appearing under the caption Treasury Constant Maturities in the most recently published statistical release designated H.15 Daily Update or any
successor publication which is published by the Federal Reserve, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion; and 

(b)
If no calculation is provided as described above, then the Calculation Agent, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable to any of the foregoing calculations, or any such source as it deems reasonable from which to estimate the Five-Year
Treasury Rate, shall determine the Five-Year Treasury Rate in its sole discretion, provided that if the Calculation Agent determines there is an industry accepted successor Five-Year Treasury Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall use such successor
rate. If the Calculation Agent has determined a substitute or successor base rate in accordance with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion may determine the Business Day convention, the definition of Business Day and the Reset
Dividend Determination Date to be used and any other relevant methodology for calculating such substitute or successor base rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such substitute or successor base rate comparable to the Five-Year
Treasury Rate, in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such substitute or successor base rate. 

The Five-Year
Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Dividend Determination Date. If the Five-Year Treasury Rate for any Dividend Period cannot be determined pursuant to the methods described in clauses (a) and (b) above, the
dividend rate for such dividend period shall be the same as the dividend rate determined for the immediately preceding dividend period. 

Preferred Stock means any and all series of preferred stock of the Corporation, including the Series A Preferred Stock.

Reset Date means the First Reset Date and each date falling on the fifth anniversary of the preceding Reset Date,
which in each case, shall not be adjusted for Business Days. 

2 

Reset Dividend Determination Date means, in respect of any Reset Period,
the day falling three Business Days prior to the beginning of such Reset Period, subject to any adjustments made by the Calculation Agent as provided for herein. 

Reset Period means the period from, and including, the First Reset Date to, but excluding, the next following Reset Date
and thereafter each period from, and including, each Reset Date to, but excluding, the next following Reset Date. 

2. Designation and
Number of Shares. There is hereby created out of the authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock a series of Preferred Stock designated as the 7.00% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual
Preferred Stock, Series A (hereinafter called Series A Preferred Stock); the authorized number of shares that shall constitute such series shall be 11,500 shares, $0.01 par value per share; and such shares shall have a
liquidation preference of $10,000 per share. The number of shares constituting the Series A Preferred Stock may be increased from time to time by resolution of the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board in accordance with the Articles of
Incorporation (as then in effect), the Bylaws (as then in effect), and applicable law up to the maximum number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized to be issued under the Articles of Incorporation (as then in effect), less all unredeemed shares
of any other series of Preferred Stock, or decreased from time to time by a resolution of the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation (as then in effect), the Bylaws (as then in effect), and
applicable law but not below the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be dated the date of issue, which date shall be referred to herein as the original issue
date. Shares of outstanding Series A Preferred Stock that are redeemed, purchased, or otherwise acquired by the Corporation shall be cancelled and shall revert to authorized but unissued shares of the Preferred Stock, undesignated as to
series. The Corporation shall have the authority to issue fractional shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

3. Ranking. The shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall rank: 

(a) senior, as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution, and
winding-up of the Corporation, to the Common Stock and to any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation now or hereafter authorized, issued, or outstanding that, by its terms, does not
expressly provide that such class or series ranks pari passu with the Series A Preferred Stock or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution, and winding-up of the
Corporation, as the case may be (collectively, Series A Junior Securities); 

(b) on a parity, as to dividends and upon
liquidation, dissolution, and winding-up of the Corporation, with any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation now or hereafter authorized, issued, or outstanding that, by its terms, expressly
provides that such class or series ranks pari passu with the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution, and winding-up of the Corporation, as the case may be (collectively,
Series A Parity Securities); and 

3 

(c) junior, as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution, and winding-up of the Corporation, to any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation now or hereafter authorized, issued, or outstanding that, by its terms, expressly provides that such class or series
ranks senior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution, and winding-up of the Corporation, as the case may be. 

The Corporation may authorize and issue additional shares of Series A Junior Securities and Series A Parity Securities from time to time
without the consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

4. Dividends. 

(a) Holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, only when, as, and if declared by the Board or a duly authorized
committee of the Board, on each Dividend Payment Date (as defined below), out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends thereof, non-cumulative cash dividends based on the liquidation preference
of the Series A Preferred Stock of $10,000 per share. Dividends on each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall accrue at a rate equal to (i) 7.00% per annum on the liquidation preference of $10,000 per share from January 15, 2025 to, but
excluding, the First Reset Date and (ii) from, and including, the First Reset Date, during each Reset Period, a rate per annum equal to the Five-Year Treasury Rate as of the most recent Reset Dividend Determination Date, plus 6.675% on the
liquidation preference of $10,000 per share. In the event the Corporation issues additional shares of the Series A Preferred Stock after the original issue date, dividends on such shares may accrue from the original issue or any other date specified
by the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board at the time such additional shares are issued. 

(b) If declared by the Board or a
duly authorized committee of the Board, dividends will be payable on the Series A Preferred Stock quarterly in arrears on January 15, April 15, July 15, and October 15 of each year, beginning on January 15, 2025 (each such
day a Dividend Payment Date), based on a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share. In the event that any Dividend Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the dividend payment due on that date shall be postponed
to the next day that is a Business Day and no additional dividends shall accrue as a result of that postponement. 

(c) Dividends will be
payable to holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock as they appear on the Corporations stock register on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15th calendar day before the applicable Dividend Payment Date, or such other record
date, not less than 15 calendar days nor more than 30 calendar days before the applicable Dividend Payment Date, as such record date shall be fixed by the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board. 

4 

(d) A Dividend Period is the period from and including a Dividend Payment
Date to, but excluding, the next succeeding Dividend Payment Date or any earlier redemption date, except that the initial Dividend Period will commence on and include January 15, 2025 and continue to, but exclude, the next Dividend Payment
Date. Dividends payable on Series A Preferred Stock will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dollar amounts resulting from the
calculation will be rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded upward. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will cease to accrue on the redemption date, if any, with respect to the
Series A Preferred Stock redeemed, unless the Corporation defaults in the payment of the redemption price of the Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption. 

(e) Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. If the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board does not
declare a dividend, in full or otherwise, on the Series A Preferred Stock in respect of a Dividend Period, then such unpaid dividends shall cease to accrue and shall not be payable on the applicable Dividend Payment Date or be cumulative, and the
Corporation will have no obligation to pay (and the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have no right to receive) dividends accrued for such Dividend Period after the Dividend Payment Date for such Dividend Period, whether or not the Board
or a duly authorized committee of the Board declares a dividend for any future Dividend Period with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, the Common Stock, or any other class or series of the Corporations Preferred Stock. No interest, or
sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend not declared. 

(f) Notwithstanding any other provision
hereof, dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be declared, paid, or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause the Corporation to fail to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to it, including applicable capital
adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy rules or regulations of any Appropriate Federal Banking Agency. 

(g) So long as any share of Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding: 

(1) no dividend or distribution shall be declared, paid or set aside for payment, and no distribution shall be declared or made
or set aside for payment, on any Series A Junior Securities, other than (i) a dividend payable solely in Series A Junior Securities or (ii) any dividend or distribution in connection with any existing shareholders rights plan or the
implementation of any future shareholders rights plan, or the issuance of rights, stock, or other property under any such plan, or the redemption or repurchase of any rights under any such plan; 

(2) no shares of Series A Junior Securities shall be repurchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired for consideration by the
Corporation, directly or indirectly, other than (i) as a result of a reclassification of Series A Junior Securities for or into other Series A Junior Securities, (ii) the exchange or conversion of one share of Series A Junior Securities
for or into another share of Series A Junior Securities, (iii) through the use of the proceeds of 

5 

a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of Series A Junior Securities, (iv) purchases, redemptions, or other acquisitions of shares of Series A Junior Securities in connection
with any employment contract, benefit plan, or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of employees, officers, directors, or consultants, (v) purchases of shares of Series A Junior Securities pursuant to a contractually binding
requirement to buy Series A Junior Securities existing prior to the preceding Dividend Period, including under a contractually binding stock repurchase plan, or (vi) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of Series A Junior Securities
pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such stock or the security being converted or exchanged; nor shall any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities by the Corporation; and 

(3) no shares of Series A Parity Securities shall be repurchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired for consideration by the
Corporation, directly or indirectly, other than (i) pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the Series A Preferred Stock and such Series A Parity Securities, if any, (ii) as a result of a reclassification of
Series A Parity Securities for or into other Series A Parity Securities, (iii) the exchange or conversion of one share of Series A Parity Securities for or into another share of Series A Parity Securities or Series A Junior Securities,
(iv) through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of Series A Parity Securities, (v) purchases of shares of Series A Parity Securities pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy Series
A Parity Securities existing prior to the preceding Dividend Period, including under a contractually binding stock repurchase plan, or (vi) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of Series A Parity Securities pursuant to the conversion
or exchange provisions of such stock or the security being converted or exchanged; nor shall any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities by the Corporation; 

unless, in each case, the full dividends for the most recently completed Dividend Period on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been
declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside. 

(h) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
dividends are not paid in full, or set aside for payment in full, on any dividend payment date, upon the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and any Series A Parity Securities, all dividends declared upon shares of Series A Preferred Stock and any
Series A Parity Securities for such dividend payment date shall be declared on a pro rata basis in proportion to the respective amounts of undeclared and unpaid dividends for the Series A Preferred Stock and all Series A Parity Securities on such
dividend payment date. To the extent a dividend period with respect to any Series A Parity Securities coincides with more than one Dividend Period, for purposes of the immediately preceding sentence the Board shall treat such dividend period as two
or more consecutive dividend periods, none of which coincides with more than one Dividend Period, or shall treat such dividend period(s) with respect to any Series A Parity Securities and Dividend Period(s) for purposes of the immediately preceding
sentence in any other manner that it deems to be fair and equitable in order to achieve 

6 

ratable payments of dividends on such Series A Parity Securities and the Series A Preferred Stock. To the extent a Dividend Period coincides with more than one dividend period with respect to any
Series A Parity Securities, for purposes of the first sentence of this paragraph the Board shall treat such Dividend Period as two or more consecutive Dividend Periods, none of which coincides with more than one dividend period with respect to such
Series A Parity Securities, or shall treat such Dividend Period(s) and dividend period(s) with respect to any Series A Parity Securities for purposes of the first sentence of this paragraph in any other manner that it deems to be fair and equitable
in order to achieve ratable payments of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock and such Series A Parity Securities. For the purposes of this paragraph, the term dividend period as used with respect to any Series A Parity Securities
means such dividend periods as are provided for in the terms of such Series A Parity Securities. 

(i) Subject to the foregoing, dividends
(payable in cash, stock, or otherwise), as may be determined by the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board, may be declared and paid on the Common Stock and any other class or series of capital stock ranking equally with or junior to
Series A Preferred Stock from time to time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 

5. Liquidation. 

(a)
Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Corporation, holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to shareholders, after satisfaction of liabilities and obligations to creditors, if any, and subject to the rights of holders of any securities then outstanding ranking senior to or on parity with Series A Preferred Stock with respect
to distributions of assets, before any distribution or payment out of the assets of the Corporation is made to holders of Common Stock or any Series A Junior Securities, a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference of
$10,000 per share plus any declared and unpaid dividends prior to the payment of the liquidating distribution, without accumulation of any dividends that have not been declared prior to the payment of the liquidating distribution. After payment of
the full amount of such liquidating distribution, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of assets of the Corporation. 

(b) In any such liquidating distribution, if the assets of the Corporation are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences (as defined
below) in full to all holders of Series A Preferred Stock and all holders of any Series A Parity Securities, the amounts paid to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and to the holders of all Series A Parity Securities will be paid pro rata in
accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of Series A Preferred Stock or any Series A Parity Securities means the amount
otherwise payable to such holder in such distribution (assuming no limitation on the Corporations assets available for such distribution), including any declared but unpaid dividends (and, in the case of any holder of stock other than the
Series A Preferred Stock on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis, an amount 

7 

equal to any unpaid, accrued, cumulative dividends, whether or not declared, as applicable). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of Series A Preferred Stock and any
Series A Parity Securities, the holders of the Corporations Series A Junior Securities shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Corporation according to their respective rights and preferences. 

(c) For purposes of this Section 5, neither the sale, conveyance, exchange, or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or
business of the Corporation for cash, securities, or other property, nor the merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of Series A Preferred Stock receive cash,
securities, or property for their shares, shall constitute a liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Corporation. 

6. Redemption. 

(a)
Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, or other similar provision. Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable prior to the First Reset Date. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding will be
redeemable at the option of the Corporation, in whole or in part, on any Reset Date on or after the First Reset Date, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date of redemption.
In the event the applicable Reset Date that is the redemption date is not a Business Day, the redemption price shall be paid on the next Business Day without any adjustment to the amount of the redemption price. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock
will have no right to require the redemption or repurchase of Series A Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, within 90 days following the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as defined below), including prior to the First
Reset Date, the Corporation, at its option, may redeem, at any time, all (but not less than all) of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid
dividends to, but excluding, the date of redemption, upon notice given as provided in sub-section (b) below. Any declared but unpaid dividends payable on a redemption date that occurs subsequent to the
record date for a Dividend Period shall not be paid to the holder entitled to receive the redemption price on the redemption date, but rather shall be paid to the holder of record of the redeemed shares on such record date relating to the Dividend
Payment Date as provided in Section 4(c) above. In all cases, the Corporation may not redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock without having received the prior approval of the Federal Reserve or any successor Appropriate Federal Banking
Agency if then required under capital rules applicable to the Corporation. 

A Regulatory Capital Treatment Event means
the good faith determination by the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, clarification of, or change in (including any announced prospective change in), the laws, rules, or regulations of
the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any agency or instrumentality of the United States, including the Federal Reserve and other federal banking agencies) that is enacted
or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any 

8 

share of the Series A Preferred Stock; (ii) any proposed change in those laws, rules, or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of the Series A Preferred
Stock; or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws, rules, or regulations or policies with respect thereto that is announced
after the initial issuance of any share of the Series A Preferred Stock, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the Corporation will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation value of $10,000 per share of the Series A Preferred Stock then
outstanding as Tier 1 Capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy rules or regulations of any successor Appropriate Federal Banking
Agency), as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of the Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding. 

(b) If shares of
Series A Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall be given to the holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of such shares to be
redeemed at their respective last addresses appearing on the Corporations stock register not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided that, if the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company (DTC), the Corporation may give such notice in any manner permitted by DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth (i) the redemption
date; (ii) the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the certificate numbers and number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder;
(iii) the redemption price; (iv) the place of redemption; and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock has been duly
given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by the Corporation for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, on and after the redemption date, dividends will
cease to accrue on such shares of Series A Preferred Stock; such shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding; and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price
described in sub-section (a) above, without interest. 

(c) In case of any redemption of only
part of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected (1) pro rata, (2) by lot, or (3) in such other manner as determined by resolution of the Board to be fair and proper
and permitted by DTC and the rules of any national securities exchange on which the Series A Preferred Stock is listed. 

7. Voting
Rights. 

(a) Except as provided below and as determined by the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board or as expressly
required by law, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no voting power, and no right to vote on any matter at any time, either as a separate series or class or together with any other series or class of shares of capital
stock, and shall not be entitled to call a meeting of such holders for any purpose, nor shall they be entitled to participate in any meeting of the holders of the Common Stock. 

9 

(b) So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the affirmative
vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting separately as a class, shall be required to: 

(1) authorize, create, or issue, or increase the authorized amount of, shares of any class or series of capital stock ranking
senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, or issue any obligation or security convertible into or exchangeable for, or
evidencing the right to purchase, any such class or series of the Corporations capital stock; 

(2) amend, alter, or
repeal the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation (including this Certificate of Designation), whether by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, so as to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges, or rights of Series A
Preferred Stock, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any amendment to authorize, create, or issue, or increase the authorized amount of, any Series A Junior Securities or any Series A Parity Securities, or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable for Series A Junior Securities or Series A Parity Securities will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges, or rights of Series A Preferred Stock; or 

(3) complete a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series A Preferred Stock, or complete the sale,
conveyance, exchange, or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Corporation or consolidate with or merge into any other corporation, unless, in any case, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding at the time
of such consolidation or merger or sale either (i) remain outstanding or (ii) are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving entity or any entity controlling the surviving entity having such rights, preferences,
privileges, and powers (including voting powers), taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges, and powers (including voting powers) of the Series A Preferred Stock, taken as
a whole. 

The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would
otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been set aside by the Corporation for the benefit of the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock to effect such redemption. 

10 

(c) If the Corporation fails to pay, or declare and set aside for payment, dividends on
outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock or any Series A Parity Securities having voting rights on parity with the voting rights provided to the Series A Preferred Stock (Special Voting Preferred Stock) for six or more
Dividend Periods, whether or not consecutive (a Nonpayment Event), the authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be increased by two and the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock (along with holders of any Special
Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting together as a class based on respective liquidation preferences), shall have the right to elect two directors (hereinafter, the Preferred Directors and each, a Preferred
Director) to fill such newly created directorships; provided, however, that at no time shall the Board include more than two Preferred Directors; providedfurther that the election of any such Preferred
Directors may not cause the Corporation to violate any corporate governance requirement of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any other exchange on which the Corporations securities may be listed). At the request of any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock, a special meeting of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and any such Special Voting Preferred Stock shall be called by the Corporation for the election of the Preferred Directors; provided, however, that if such
request for special meeting is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the Corporations shareholders, such election of Preferred Directors shall be held at such next annual or special meeting
of shareholders), followed by such election of such Preferred Directors at each subsequent annual meeting of shareholders until full dividends have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends has been
set aside for payment) on the Series A Preferred Stock for four Dividend Periods after the Nonpayment Event, except as provided by law, subject to re-vesting in the event of each and every subsequent
Nonpayment Event. 

When dividends have been paid in full (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends has been set
aside for payment) on the Series A Preferred Stock for at least four Dividend Periods after a Nonpayment Event, then the right of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and any Special Voting Preferred Stock to elect the Preferred Directors shall
cease (but subject in any case to re-vesting of such voting rights in the case of each and every subsequent Nonpayment Event), and the Preferred Directors shall cease to be qualified as directors, the term of
office of all Preferred Directors then in office shall terminate immediately, and the Corporations authorized number of directors shall be automatically reduced by the number of Preferred Directors elected pursuant hereto. Any Preferred
Director may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (along with holders of any Special Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting together as a class based on
respective liquidation preferences). If the office of any Preferred Director becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from office as aforesaid, the remaining Preferred Director may choose, by means of written consent, a successor who shall
hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy occurred, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (along with holders of any Special Voting
Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting together as a class based on respective liquidation preferences); provided that the filling of any such vacancy may not cause the Corporation to violate any corporate governance requirement of The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any other exchange on which the Corporations securities may be listed). The Preferred Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter on which directors of the Corporation are entitled to
vote. 

11 

(d) The rules and procedures for calling and conducting any meeting of the holders of Series
A Preferred Stock (including, without limitation, the fixing of a record date in connection therewith), the solicitation and use of proxies at such a meeting, the obtaining of written consents, and any other aspect or matter with regard to such
meeting or such consents shall be governed by any rules that the Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board, in its discretion, may adopt from time to time, which rules and procedures shall conform to the requirements of the Articles of
Incorporation (as then in effect), the Bylaws (as then in effect), and applicable law and the rules of any national securities exchange on which the Series A Preferred Stock is listed or traded at the time. 

8. Conversion Rights. The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not have any rights to convert such shares into shares of
any other class or series of securities of the Corporation. 

9. Preemptive Rights. The holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock will have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of the Corporations capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase or otherwise acquire any such capital stock or any
interest therein, regardless of how any such securities may be designated, issued, or granted. 

10. Certificates. Shares of the
Series A Preferred Stock may be represented in the form of uncertificated or certificated shares; provided however, that any holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to have a certificate for shares of Series A Preferred Stock signed by,
or in the name of, the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by such holder. 

11. Transfer Agent. The Corporation
shall appoint a transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock. The Corporation may, in its sole discretion, remove the transfer agent in accordance with the agreement between the Corporation and the transfer agent; provided that the Corporation
shall appoint a successor transfer agent who shall accept such appointment prior to the effectiveness of such removal. 

12.
Registrar. The Corporation shall appoint a registrar for the Series A Preferred Stock. The Corporation may, in its sole discretion, remove the registrar in accordance with the agreement between the Corporation and the registrar; provided that
the Corporation shall appoint a successor registrar who shall accept such appointment prior to the effectiveness of such removal. 

13.
No Other Rights. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not have any rights, preferences, privileges, or voting powers or relative, participating, optional, or other special rights, or qualifications, limitations, or restrictions
thereof, other than as set forth herein or in the Articles of Incorporation, or as provided by applicable law. 

12 

IN AFFIRMATION THEREOF, the facts stated above are true and correct: 

(The undersigned understands that false statements made in this filing are subject to the penalties provided under 575.040, RSMo.) 

UMB FINANCIAL CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Ram Shankar

Name: Ram Shankar

Title: Chief Financial Officer

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d827883dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

//FOR
IMMEDIATE RELEASE// 

UMB Financial Corporation Completes Acquisition 

of Heartland Financial USA, Inc. 

UMB closes largest acquisition in 111-year history, increasing total assets by more than 30%

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Jan. 31, 2025) UMB Financial Corporation (Nasdaq: UMBF) announced that it will close the acquisition of
Heartland Financial USA, Inc. (Nasdaq: HTLF) today, effective at 11:59 p.m. As a result of this successful completion, UMBs asset size will increase to approximately $68 billion (based on assets as of Dec. 31, 2024), expanding its
geographic footprint from eight to 13 states. The acquisition also increases UMBs private wealth management AUM/AUA by 32% and significantly expands its retail deposit base. 

Today is a monumental day for our organization as we welcome HTLF customers and associates to UMB, said Mariner Kemper, chairman and chief
executive officer of UMB Financial Corporation. As the largest acquisition in our companys history, this new chapter presents a tremendous opportunity to expand our core services and capabilities, while also introducing new communities
to our geographic footprint. We are ready and excited to help our customers, existing and new, meet their financial goals. 

For more than a century,
UMB has supported customers through delivering comprehensive banking services and asset management across its eight-state footprint and nationally. This acquisition will expand UMBs banking presence, adding California, Iowa, Minnesota, New
Mexico and Wisconsin to the existing footprint, which includes Missouri, Arizona, Colorado, Illinois, Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma and Texas. In addition, 104 new branches and 115 ATMs will be added to UMBs current 93 banking centers and 235
ATMs, dramatically expanding the network for current and new customers. 

HTLF, which currently does business as Minnesota Bank & Trust, Wisconsin
Bank & Trust, Dubuque Bank & Trust, Illinois Bank & Trust, Bank of Blue Valley, Citywide Banks, Premier Valley Bank, Arizona Bank & Trust, New Mexico Bank & Trust, First Bank & Trust, HTLF
Food & AgriBusiness, HTLF Specialized Industries, and HTLF Retirement Plan Services, will operate as a division of UMB prior to the banking centers and systems conversions, which is anticipated to occur in the fourth quarter of 2025, after
which time the divisions will operate as UMB. Until that time, customers should continue to bank as they normally do. 

UMB is deeply invested in the communities in which it does business, providing support through
products, services, and investments as well as corporate and associate giving. UMB is committed to being a strong financial steward and is finalizing its Community Benefits Agreement, which will detail how it will provide support throughout its
newly expanded footprint. Specific details will be shared when the plan is finalized. 

As previously announced, five HTLF board members now join the UMB
Financial Corporation Board of Directors: John Schmidt, Bradley (Brad) Henderson, Jennifer (Jenny) Hopkins, Margaret Lazo and Susan Murphy. With these additions, the UMBF Board grows to 16 board members. 

As we look to the future, we remain excited and true to who we are as an entrepreneurial-minded organization rooted in a more than 111-year history of steadfast commitment to our customers, associates and the communities we serve, said Kemper. 

About UMB 

UMB Financial Corporation (Nasdaq:
UMBF) is a financial services company headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri. UMB offers commercial banking, which includes comprehensive deposit, lending, investment and retirement plan services; personal banking, which includes comprehensive
deposit, lending, wealth management and financial planning services; and institutional banking, which includes asset servicing, corporate trust solutions, investment banking and healthcare services. UMB operates branches throughout Missouri,
Arizona, California, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Illinois, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, and Wisconsin. As the companys reach continues to grow, it also serves business clients nationwide and institutional clients in several
countries. For more information, visit UMB.com, UMB Blog, UMB Facebook and UMB LinkedIn. 

UMB
Media Contact: 

Stephanie Hollander 

Stephanie.Hollander@umb.com 

816.729.1027 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule
175 promulgated thereunder, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 3b-6 promulgated thereunder, which statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Any
statements about UMBs, HTLFs or the combined companys plans, objectives, expectations, strategies, beliefs, or future performance or events constitute forward-looking statements. Such statements are generally identified as those
that include words or phrases such as believes, expects, anticipates, plans, trend, objective, continue, or similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such
as will, would, should, could, might, may, or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, estimates, and other
important factors that change over time and could cause actual results to differ materially from any results, performance, or events expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include but are not limited
to statements about the benefits of the previously announced business combination transaction between UMB and HTLF (the Transaction), including future financial and operating results, the combined companys plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions, and other statements that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. In addition to factors previously disclosed in UMBs and HTLFs reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), the
following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance: the risk that the benefits from the Transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than
expected, including as a result of changes in, or problems arising from, general economic and market conditions, interest and exchange rates, monetary policy, laws and regulations and their enforcement, and the degree of competition in the
geographic and business areas in which UMB and HTLF operate; the ability to promptly and effectively integrate the businesses of UMB and HTLF; the possibility that the Transaction may be more expensive to complete than anticipated, including as a
result of unexpected factors or events; reputational risk and potential adverse reactions of UMBs or HTLFs customers, employees or other business partners, including those resulting from the completion of the Transaction; the dilution
caused by UMBs issuance of additional shares of its capital stock in connection with the Transaction; and the diversion of managements attention and time from ongoing business operations and opportunities on merger-related matters. 

These factors are not necessarily all of the factors that could cause UMBs, HTLFs or the combined companys actual results, performance, or
achievements to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any of the forward-looking statements. Other factors, including unknown or unpredictable factors, also could harm UMBs, HTLFs or the combined companys results.

All forward-looking statements attributable to UMB, HTLF, or the combined company, or persons acting on
UMBs or HTLFs behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth above. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and UMB and HTLF do not undertake or assume any obligation
to update publicly any of these statements to reflect actual results, new information or future events, changes in assumptions, or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking statements, except to the extent required by applicable law. If UMB
or HTLF update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that UMB or HTLF will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. Further information regarding UMB, HTLF and factors which
could affect the forward-looking statements contained herein can be found in UMBs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 
31, 2023 (and which is available at https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/0000101382/000095017024018456/umbf-20231231.htm) and its subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and its other filings with the SEC, in HTLFs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 
31, 2023 (and which is available at https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/920112/000092011224000026/htlf-20231231.htm), and its subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and its other filings with the SEC, and the risks described in UMBs
definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus related to the Transaction, which was filed with the SEC on July 
5, 2024 (and which is available at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/101382/000119312524175612/d771152d424b3.htm).

###
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>umbf-20250131.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>umbf-20250131_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>umbf-20250131_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 
Series A Preferred Stock [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>umbf-20250131_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g827883g0202105804051.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 31, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name UMB FINANCIAL CORP

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MO

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000101382

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38481

Entity Tax Identification Number 43-0903811

Entity Address, Address Line One 1010 Grand Blvd.

Entity Address, City or Town Kansas City

Entity Address, State or Province MO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 64106

City Area Code (816)

Local Phone Number 860-7000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value

Trading Symbol UMBF

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of 7.00% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A

Trading Symbol UMBFP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: umbf_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: umbf_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.umb.com//20250131/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d827883d8k.htm 
umbf-20250131.xsd 
umbf-20250131_def.xml 
umbf-20250131_lab.xml 
umbf-20250131_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-018885-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d827883d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000101382 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

0000101382 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

0000101382 

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

UMB FINANCIAL CORP 
MO 
false 
0000101382 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-01-31 
MO 
001-38481 
43-0903811 
1010 Grand Blvd. 
Kansas City 
MO 
64106 
(816) 
860-7000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value 
UMBF 
NASDAQ 
Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of 7.00% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A 
UMBFP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>