<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-007862.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-007862.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310160118
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-007862
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Senti Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001854270
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				862437900
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40440
		FILM NUMBER:		25723577

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 CORPORATE DRIVE, FIRST FLOOR
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 382-3281

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 CORPORATE DRIVE, FIRST FLOOR
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Senti Biosciences, Inc.\
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220615

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dynamics Special Purpose Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210331
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20045153_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001854270NASDAQ00018542702025-03-062025-03-06

UNITED

STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event Reported): March 10, 2025 (March 6, 2025)

Senti Biosciences, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 

001-40440 

86-2437900

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

2 Corporate Drive, First Floor

South San Francisco, California94080

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(650) 239-2030

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

SNTI 

The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain
Officers.

Appointment of Director

On March 7, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Senti Biosciences, Inc. (the Company) approved the appointment of Feng Hsiung to the Board, pursuant to the
terms of a letter agreement dated as of December 2, 2024, by and between the Company and Celadon Partners SPV 24. In connection with Mr. Hsiungs appointment, the Board approved an increase in the authorized number of members of the Board from six
(6) to seven (7) members. Mr. Hsiung was appointed to fill the vacancy created by the foregoing increase in the size of the Board, as a Class III director of the Company, to serve in such capacity until the annual meeting of the Companys
stockholders in 2028 (if elected by the Companys stockholders at the annual meeting of the Companys stockholders in 2025) or until his earlier resignation, death or removal.

Mr. Hsiung, age 50, is the Founder, Chief Investment Officer and Chief Executive Officer of Acion Partners, an investment advisor firm that has a strategic partnership with
KKR and invests across industries. From 2007 through 2014, Mr. Hsiung was a Partner and the Chief Executive Officer (Asia) at York Capital. He started its Asia business as the initial employee in 2007, and launched and co-managed the York Asian
Opportunities Master Fund. Mr. Hsiung is a member of the Young Presidents Organization since 2013 and the President of Raising Investment Corporation, the holding company for his family interests in freight forwarding and contract logistics. Mr.
Hsiung holds a B.A. from Dartmouth College. The Company believes Mr. Hsiung is qualified to serve on the Board because of his extensive business, finance and investment experience.

Mr. Hsiung will be compensated for his service as a non-employee director in accordance with the Companys Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy,
which was approved by the Board on March 7, 2025 and is further described in Item 8.01 below, and was granted an initial option award to purchase 43,900 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), pursuant
to the Companys Amended and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the A&R Plan), which will vest in equal monthly installments over three years from its grant date, subject to Mr. Hsiungs continued service on the Board; provided, that upon a
Change of Control (as defined in the A&R Plan), all shares of Common Stock subject to the option shall become fully vested and exercisable, provided, further, however, that all vesting shall cease if Mr. Hsiung resigns from the Board or otherwise
ceases to serve as a director of the Company, unless the Company and Mr. Hsiung have entered into a written agreement for Mr. Hsiung to provide uninterrupted services to the Company in a capacity other than as a director at such time or prior to such
time Mr. Hsiung resigns from or ceases to serve as a director, and such written agreement expressly states that such services constitute Continuous Service (as defined in the A&R Plan), in which case, all vesting shall cease upon termination of
the Continuous Service. As a non-employee director, Mr. Hsiung will also be eligible to receive an annual stock option grant to purchase 21,950 shares of Common Stock, as well as annual cash retainers of $35,000 for serving as a member of the Board.

Mr. Hsiung has no family relationship with any of the executive officers or directors of the Company. Mr. Hsiung is not a party to any transaction with the Company that
would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and, except as described above, there are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Hsiung and any other persons pursuant to which he was selected as director.

In connection with Mr. Hsiungs election to the Board, Mr. Hsiung will enter into the Companys standard form of indemnification agreement, a copy of which was filed as
Exhibit 10.5 to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333- 262707) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the indemnification agreement, the Company may be
required, among other things, to indemnify Mr. Hsiung for certain expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes and settlement amounts actually and reasonably incurred by him in any action or proceeding arising out of
his service as one of the Companys directors.

Composition of the Audit Committee

Effective March 7, 2025, Brenda Cooperstone, who was previously appointed as a member of the Audit Committee of the Board (the Audit Committee), tendered her resignation
as a member of the Audit Committee. Ms. Cooperstone continues to serve as a member of the Board and the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee).

On March 7, 2025, upon the recommendation of its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board unanimously appointed Feng Hsiung to serve as a member of the
Audit Committee in addition to serving as a member of the Board, effectively immediately. In addition to the annual stock option grant and the annual cash retainers for serving as a member of the Board, Mr. Hsiung will be eligible to receive $7,500
annually for serving as a member of the Audit Committee. Following this appointment, the Audit Committee is now comprised of Fran Schulz (Chair), Feng Hsiung and Ed Mathers.

Amended and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan

On March 6, 2025, at the Companys Special Meeting of Stockholders (the Special Meeting) the Companys stockholders approved the A&R Plan, which (i) increased the
number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Companys 2022 Equity Incentive Plan by an additional 4,300,000 shares, (ii) increased the number of shares that may be issued pursuant to incentive stock options to an aggregate
number of shares reserved for issuance under the A&R Plan as of the date that stockholders approved the A&R Plan and (iii) extended the term of the plan to the tenth anniversary of the date that stockholders approved the A&R Plan.

The A&R Plan was previously approved, subject to stockholder approval, by the Board. The summary of the A&R Plan contained herein is qualified in its entirety by
the full text of the A&R Plan, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

The Board previously granted the following option awards to the Companys executive officers and employees contingent on the stockholders approval of the A&R Plan
(collectively, the Contingent Grants). Each Contingent Grant will vest and become exercisable over four years, with 3/48th of the Contingent Grant vesting on March 31, 2025 and the remainder vesting in 45 equal monthly installments thereafter,
subject to the grantees continued service through the applicable vesting date; provided that no portion of the Contingent Grants may be exercised prior to the date that the shares subject to the Contingent Grants are covered by an effective
Registration Statement on Form S-8. The Contingent Grants are intended to incentivize and reward the Companys executive officers and employees for their continued dedication to the Company and the long-term success of its stockholders.

Following the stockholders approval of the A&R Plan, on March 7, 2025, the Board granted certain restricted stock units (the RSUs) to certain of the Companys
executive officers, that will vest over three years, with 1/3rd of the RSUs vesting on each anniversary of the grant date, subject to the grantees continued service through the applicable vesting date; provided that no portion of the RSUs may vest
prior to the date that the shares subject to the RSUs are covered by an effective Registration Statement on Form S-8.

Amended and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 

Grants to Executive Officers

Name and position 

Contingent 

Grants(1) 

RSUs (2)

Timothy Lu, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer 

1,927,073 

642,358

Kanya Rajangam, M.D., Ph.D., President, Head of Research and Development and
Chief Medical Officer 

235,088 

78,363

Jay Cross, Chief Financial Officer 

- 

-

All current executive officers as a group 

2,162,161 

720,721

(1) 

This column corresponds to the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Contingent Grants granted on December 20, 2024.

(2) 

This column corresponds to the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the RSUs granted on March 7, 2025.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

Amendment to 2022 Inducement Plan

The Board previously approved and adopted the 2022 Inducement Plan (the Inducement Plan), pursuant to which awards could be made to new employees under the Inducement
Plan for up to 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock as a material inducement to such persons entering into employment with the Company.

On March 7, 2025, the Board, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, adopted an amended and restated 2022 Inducement Plan (the A&R Inducement Plan) such
that, among other things, an additional 500,000 shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance under the A&R Inducement Plan.

The A&R Inducement Plan was adopted by the Board without stockholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. In accordance with Rule
5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, awards under the A&R Inducement Plan may only be made to an employee who has not previously been an employee or member of the Board or the board of directors or any parent or subsidiary, or following a bona
fide period of non-employment by the Company or a parent or subsidiary, if he or she is granted such award in connection with his or her commencement of employment with the Company or a subsidiary and such grant is an inducement material to his or
her entering into employment with the Company or such subsidiary.

The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the A&R Inducement Plan. The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the A&R Inducement Plan, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated by reference herein.

Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy

As part of a regular review of the corporate governance practices and compensation policies of the Company and in an effort to continue to attract and retain qualified
members of the Board, after consultation with compensation consultants and upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, the Board approved an Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (the A&R Non-Employee Director
Compensation Policy), which provides annual cash and equity compensation for non-employee members of the Board (Non-Employee Directors), on the terms and conditions contained therein. The A&R Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy is
intended to enable the Company to attract and retain qualified Non-Employee Directors, provide them with compensation at a level that is consistent with the Companys compensation objectives, and in the case of equity-based compensation, align the
Non-Employee Directors interests with those of the Companys stockholders. The A&R Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy is effective as of March 7, 2025 (the Effective Date).

Pursuant to the A&R Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, (i) each newly appointed or elected Non-Employee Director will receive an option grant to purchase 43,900
shares of Common Stock and (ii) each continuing Non-Employee Director will be eligible to receive an option grant to purchase 21,950 shares of Common Stock on the date of the Companys annual meeting of stockholders, beginning on the Effective Date.
In addition, each Non-Employee Director will be eligible to receive an annual cash retainer as well as additional annual retainers for committee membership as provided in the A&R Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy.

The foregoing description of the A&R Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the
A&R Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Grants to Non-Employee Directors

In conjunction with the implementation of the A&R Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, the Board approved the grant of options to purchase 43,900 shares of
Common Stock to each continuing Non-Employee Director of the Company, effective as of March 7, 2025. Accordingly, each of Brenda Cooperstone, Edward Mathers, Fran Schulz, James (Jim) Collins and Donald Tang received an option to purchase 43,900
shares of Common Stock, which option shall vest in full on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the Non-Employee Directors continued service on the
Board through the applicable vesting date.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1* 

Senti Biosciences, Inc. Amended and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and the forms of award agreements thereunder.

10.2 

Senti Biosciences, Inc. Amended and Restated 2022 Inducement Plan and the forms of award agreements thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
99.3 to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on March 7, 2025).

10.3* 

Senti Biosciences, Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL Document).

* Filed herewith.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: March 10, 2025 

SENTI BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Timothy Lu

Name: 

Timothy Lu, M.D., Ph.D.

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20045153_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SENTI BIOSCIENCES INC.

AMENDED AND RESTATED 2022 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

1. 

GENERAL.

(a) Plan Purpose. The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to
secure and retain the services of Employees, Directors and Consultants, to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and to provide a means by which such persons may be given an
opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of Awards.

(b) History. The 2022 Equity Incentive Plan was initially
adopted by the Board on June 8, 2022 and approved by the Companys stockholders on June 7, 2022 in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement. An amendment and restatement of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan
was adopted by the Board on December 20, 2024, subject to stockholder approval at the Companys special meeting of stockholders to be held on March 6, 2025.

(c) Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the
following Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options; (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options; (iii) SARs; (iv) Restricted Stock Awards; (v) RSU Awards; (vi) Performance Awards; and (vii) Other Awards.

(d) Adoption Date; Effective Date. The Plan will come into
existence on the Adoption Date, but no Award may be granted prior to the Effective Date.

2. 

SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.

(a) Share Reserve. Subject to adjustment in accordance with
Section 2(c) and any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards will not exceed the sum of: (i) 4,816,434 shares, plus (ii) the number
of Returning Shares, if any, as such shares become available from time to time. In addition, subject to any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock will automatically
increase on January 1st of each year for a period of ten years commencing on January 1, 2025 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2034, in an amount equal to five percent (5%) of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the
last day of the preceding calendar year; provided, however that the Board may act prior to the effective date of any such annual increase to provide that the increase for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock.

(b) Aggregate Incentive Stock Option Limit. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 2(a) and subject to any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock
Options is 4,816,434 shares, as cumulatively increased on January 1st of each year for a period of ten years commencing on January 1, 2025 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2034, by the lesser of the Annual Increase for such year or
20,000,000 shares of Common Stock.

(c) Share Reserve Operation.

(i) Limit Applies to Common Stock Issued Pursuant to Awards.
For clarity, the Share Reserve is a limit on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards and does not limit the granting of Awards, except that the Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of
Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy its obligations to issue shares pursuant to such Awards. Shares may be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by, as applicable, Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c), NYSE Listed Company
Manual Section 303A.08, NYSE American Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan.

(ii) Actions that Do Not Constitute Issuance of Common Stock and Do
Not Reduce Share Reserve. The following actions do not result in an issuance of shares under the Plan and accordingly do not reduce the number of shares subject to the Share Reserve and available for issuance under the Plan: (1) the
expiration or termination of any portion of an Award without the shares covered by such portion of the Award having been issued; (2) the settlement of any portion of an Award in cash (i.e., the Participant receives cash rather than Common Stock); (3) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price of an Award; or (4) the
withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an Award. 

(iii) Reversion of Previously Issued Shares of Common Stock to Share
Reserve. The following shares of Common Stock previously issued pursuant to an Award and accordingly initially deducted from the Share Reserve will be added back to the Share Reserve and again become available for issuance under the Plan:
(1) any shares that are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of a failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of such shares; (2) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy the exercise,
strike or purchase price of an Award; and (3) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an Award.

3. 

ELIGIBILITY AND LIMITATIONS.

(a) Eligible Award Recipients. Subject to the terms of the
Plan, Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards.

(b) Specific Award Limitations.

(i) Limitations on Incentive Stock Option Recipients.
Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company or a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code).

(ii) Incentive Stock Option $100,000 Limitation. To the extent
that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and
any Affiliates) exceeds $100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which
they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s).

(iii) Limitations on Incentive Stock Options Granted to Ten Percent
Stockholders. A Ten Percent Stockholder may not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless (i) the exercise price of such Option is at least 110% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Option and (ii) the Option is not
exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant of such Option.

(iv) Limitations on Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs.
Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 405) unless the stock underlying such Awards is
treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A because the Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction (such as a spin off transaction) or unless such Awards otherwise comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A.

(c) Aggregate Incentive Stock Option Limit. The aggregate
maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options is the number of shares specified in Section 2(b).

(d) Non-Employee Director Compensation Limit. The aggregate
value of all compensation granted or paid, as applicable, to any individual for service as a Non-Employee Director with respect to any calendar year, including Awards granted and cash fees paid by the Company to such Non-Employee Director, will not
exceed (i) $750,000 in total value or (ii) in the event such Non-Employee Director is first appointed or elected to the Board during such calendar year, $1,000,000 in total value, in each case calculating the value of any equity awards based on the
grant date fair value of such equity awards for financial reporting purposes. The limitations in this Section 3(d) shall apply beginning with the first calendar year that commences following the Effective Date.

4. 

OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS.

Each Option and SAR will have such terms and conditions as determined by the Board. Each Option will be designated in writing as an Incentive Stock
Option or Nonstatutory Stock Option at the time of grant; provided, however, that if an Option is not so designated, then such Option will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The shares purchased upon
exercise of each type of Option will be accounted for separately. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. The terms and conditions of separate Options and SARs need not be identical; provided, however, that each Option
Agreement and SAR Agreement will conform (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of the following provisions:

(a) Term. Subject to Section 3(b) regarding Incentive Stock
Options granted to Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of grant of such Award or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement.

(b) Exercise or Strike Price. Subject to Section 3(b)
regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an
exercise or strike price lower than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate
Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Sections 409A and, if applicable, 424(a) of the Code.

(c) Exercise Procedure and Payment of Exercise Price for Options.
In order to exercise an Option, the Participant must provide notice of exercise to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the procedures specified in the Option Agreement or otherwise provided by the Company. The Board has the authority to grant
Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to utilize a particular method of payment. The exercise price
of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and as determined by the Board, by one or more of the following methods of payment to the extent set forth in the Option Agreement:

(i) by cash or check, bank draft or money order (or an electronic
equivalent thereof) payable to the Company;

(ii) pursuant to a cashless exercise program developed under
Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the Common Stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the
exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds;

(iii) by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or
attestation) of shares of Common Stock that are already owned by the Participant free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price,
provided that (1) at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such delivery is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment, (3) such delivery
would not violate any Applicable Law or agreement restricting the redemption of the Common Stock, (4) any certificated shares are endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate, and (5) such shares have been held by the
Participant for any minimum period necessary to avoid adverse accounting treatment as a result of such delivery;

(iv) by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the
Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) such shares used to
pay the exercise price will not be exercisable thereafter and (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such net exercise is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment; or

(v) in any other form of consideration that may be acceptable
to the Board and permissible under Applicable Law.

(d) Exercise Procedure and Payment of Appreciation Distribution for
SARs. In order to exercise any SAR, the Participant must provide notice of exercise to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the SAR Agreement. The appreciation distribution payable to a Participant upon the exercise of a SAR will not
be greater than an amount equal to the excess of (i) the aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents that are vested and being exercised under such SAR,
over (ii) the strike price of such SAR. Such appreciation distribution may be paid to the Participant in the form of Common Stock or cash (or any combination of Common Stock and cash) or in any other form of payment, as determined by the Board and
specified in the SAR Agreement.

(e) Transferability. Options and SARs may not be transferred
to third party financial institutions for value. The Board may impose such additional limitations on the transferability of an Option or SAR as it determines. In the absence of any such determination
by the Board, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply, provided that except as explicitly provided herein, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration and provided, further, that if an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer:

(i) Restrictions on Transfer. An Option or SAR will not be
transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant; provided, however, that the Board may permit transfer of an Option or SAR in a manner
that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws upon the Participants request, including to a trust if the Participant is considered to be the sole beneficial owner of such trust (as determined under Section 671 of the Code and
applicable state law) while such Option or SAR is held in such trust, provided that the Participant and the trustee enter into a transfer and other agreements required by the Company.

(ii) Domestic Relations Orders. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
subject to the execution of transfer documentation in a format acceptable to the Company and subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to a domestic relations order.

(f) Vesting. The Board may impose such restrictions on or
conditions to the vesting and/or exercisability of an Option or SAR as determined by the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, vesting of Options
and SARs will cease upon termination of the Participants Continuous Service.

(g) Termination of Continuous Service for Cause. Except as
explicitly otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participants Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Participants Options and SARs will terminate
and be forfeited immediately upon such termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising any portion (including any vested portion) of such Awards on and after the date of such termination of Continuous
Service and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in such forfeited Award, the shares of Common Stock subject to the forfeited Award, or any consideration in respect of the forfeited Award.

(h) Post-Termination Exercise Period Following Termination of
Continuous Service for Reasons Other than Cause. Subject to Section 4(i), if a Participants Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than for Cause, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR to the extent vested, but
only within the following period of time or, if applicable, such other period of time provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate; provided, however, that in no event may such
Award be exercised after the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)):

(i) three months following the date of such termination if
such termination is a termination without Cause (other than any termination due to the Participants Disability or death);

(ii) 12 months following the date of such termination if such
termination is due to the Participants Disability;

(iii) 18 months following the date of such termination if such
termination is due to the Participants death; or

(iv) 18 months following the date of the Participants death
if such death occurs following the date of such termination but during the period such Award is otherwise exercisable (as provided in (i) or (ii) above).

Following the date of such termination, to the extent the Participant does not exercise such Award within the applicable Post-Termination Exercise
Period (or, if earlier, prior to the expiration of the maximum term of such Award), such unexercised portion of the Award will terminate, and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in the terminated Award, the shares of
Common Stock subject to the terminated Award, or any consideration in respect of the terminated Award.

(i) Restrictions on Exercise; Extension of Exercisability. A
Participant may not exercise an Option or SAR at any time that the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon such exercise would violate Applicable Law. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a
Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participants Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than for Cause and, at any time during the last thirty days of the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period: (i) the exercise of
the Participants Option or SAR would be prohibited solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon such exercise would violate Applicable Law, or (ii) the immediate sale of any shares of Common Stock issued upon such exercise would
violate the Companys Trading Policy, then the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period will be extended to the last day of the calendar month that commences following the date the Award would
otherwise expire, with an additional extension of the exercise period to the last day of the next calendar month to apply if any of the foregoing restrictions apply at any time during such extended exercise period, generally without limitation as
to the maximum permitted number of extensions); provided, however, that in no event may such Award be exercised after the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)).

(j) Non-Exempt Employees. No Option or SAR, whether or not
vested, granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, will be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of such
Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, any vested portion of such Award may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant of such Award in the event of (i)
such Participants death or Disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which such Award is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control, or (iv) such Participants retirement (as such term may be defined in the Award Agreement
or another applicable agreement or, in the absence of any such definition, in accordance with the Companys then current employment policies and guidelines). This Section 4(j) is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt
employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt from their regular rate of pay.

(k) Whole Shares. Options and SARs may be exercised only with
respect to whole shares of Common Stock or their equivalents.

5. 

AWARDS OTHER THAN OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS.

(a) Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards. Each Restricted
Stock Award and RSU Award will have such terms and conditions as determined by the Board; provided, however, that each Restricted Stock Award Agreement and RSU Award Agreement will conform (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by
reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of the following provisions:

(i) Form of Award.

(1) RSAs. To the extent consistent with the Companys Bylaws,
at the Boards election, shares of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Award may be (A) held in book entry form subject to the Companys instructions until such shares become vested or any other restrictions lapse, or (B) evidenced by a
certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, a Participant will have voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any shares
subject to a Restricted Stock Award.

(2) RSUs. An RSU Award represents a Participants right to be
issued on a future date the number of shares of Common Stock that is equal to the number of restricted stock units subject to the RSU Award. As a holder of an RSU Award, a Participant is an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the
Companys unfunded obligation, if any, to issue shares of Common Stock in settlement of such Award and nothing contained in the Plan or any RSU Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust
of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate or any other person. A Participant will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any RSU Award (unless and
until shares are actually issued in settlement of a vested RSU Award).

(ii) Consideration.

(1) RSA. A Restricted Stock Award may be granted in
consideration for (A) cash or check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of consideration (including future services) as the Board may determine and permissible
under Applicable Law.

(2) RSU. Unless otherwise determined by the Board at the time
of grant, an RSU Award will be granted in consideration for the Participants services to the Company or an Affiliate, such that the Participant will not be required to make any payment to the Company (other than such services) with respect to the
grant or vesting of the RSU Award, or the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the RSU Award. If, at the time of grant, the Board determines that any consideration must be paid by the Participant (in a form other than the
Participants services to the Company or an Affiliate) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock in settlement of the RSU Award, such consideration may be paid in any form of consideration as the Board may determine and permissible under
Applicable Law.

(iii) Vesting. The Board may impose such restrictions on or
conditions to the vesting of a Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award as determined by the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, vesting of
Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards will cease upon termination of the Participants Continuous Service.

(iv) Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise
provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participants Continuous Service terminates for any reason, (1) the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a
repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant under their Restricted Stock Award that have not vested as of the date of such termination as set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement and (2) any portion of
their RSU Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon such termination and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in the RSU Award, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the RSU Award, or any consideration in
respect of the RSU Award.

(v) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. Dividends or dividend
equivalents may be paid or credited, as applicable, with respect to any shares of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award, as determined by the Board and specified in the Award Agreement).

(vi) Settlement of RSU Awards. An RSU Award may be settled by
the issuance of shares of Common Stock or cash (or any combination thereof) or in any other form of payment, as determined by the Board and specified in the RSU Award Agreement. At the time of grant, the Board may determine to impose such
restrictions or conditions that delay such delivery to a date following the vesting of the RSU Award.

(b) Performance Awards. With respect to any Performance Award,
the length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, the other terms and conditions of such Award, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be
determined by the Board.

(c) Other Awards. Other forms of Awards valued in whole or in
part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100% of the Fair Market Value at the time of grant, subject to
compliance with Section 409A) may be granted either alone or in addition to Awards provided for under Section 4 and the preceding provisions of this Section 5. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete discretion
to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Awards and all other terms and conditions
of such Other Awards.

6. 

ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK; OTHER CORPORATE EVENTS.

(a) Capitalization Adjustments. In the event of a
Capitalization Adjustment, the Board shall appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan and the maximum number of shares by which the Share Reserve may annually
increase pursuant to Section 2(a); (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 2(b); and (iii) the class(es) and number of securities and exercise price,
strike price or purchase price of Common Stock subject to outstanding Awards. The Board shall make such adjustments, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no fractional shares or rights for
fractional shares of Common Stock shall be created in order to implement any Capitalization Adjustment. The Board shall determine an appropriate equivalent benefit, if any, for any fractional shares or rights to fractional shares that might be
created by the adjustments referred to in the preceding provisions of this Section.

(b) Dissolution or Liquidation. Except as otherwise provided
in the Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Awards (other than Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Companys right
of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Companys repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by
the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service; provided, however, that the Board may determine to cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to
repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion.

(c) Corporate Transaction. The following provisions will apply
to Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction, except as set forth in Section 11, unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless
otherwise expressly provided by the Board (as reflected in written Board action) at the time of grant of an Award.

(i) Awards May Be Assumed. In the event of a Corporate
Transaction, any surviving or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporations parent company) may assume or continue any or all Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar awards for Awards outstanding under the
Plan (including but not limited to awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction), and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock
issued pursuant to Awards may be assigned by the Company to the successor of the Company (or the successors parent company, if any), in connection with such Corporate Transaction. A surviving or acquiring corporation (or its applicable parent) may
choose to assume or continue only a portion of an Award or substitute a similar award for only a portion of an Award, or may choose to assume or continue the Awards held by some, but not all Participants. The terms of any assumption, continuation
or substitution will be set by the Board.

(ii) Awards Held by Current Participants. In the event of a
Corporate Transaction in which the surviving or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been
assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by Participants whose Continuous Service has not terminated prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (referred to as the Current Participants), the vesting of such Awards (and, with respect to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, the time when such Awards may be exercised) will be accelerated in full to a
date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction) that the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five (5) days prior to
the effective time of the Corporate Transaction). Awards so accelerated will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company
with respect to such Awards will lapse (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction). With respect to the vesting of Performance Awards that (a) will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this
subsection (ii) and (b) have multiple vesting levels depending on the level of performance, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or unless otherwise provided by the Board, the vesting of such Performance Awards will accelerate at 100%
of the target level upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction in which the Awards are not assumed, continued or substituted for in accordance with Section 6(c)(i). With respect to the vesting of cash-settled Awards that will accelerate upon
the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii), such cash payment will be made no later than 30 days following the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction or such later date as required by Section 409A of the Code.

(iii) Awards Held by Persons other than Current Participants.
In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to
Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by persons other than Current Participants, such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction; provided,
however, that any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards will not terminate and may continue to be exercised notwithstanding the Corporate Transaction.

(iv) Payment for Awards in Lieu of Exercise. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event an Award will terminate if not exercised prior to the effective time of a Corporate Transaction, the Board may provide, in its sole discretion, that the holder of such Award may not exercise such Award but will receive a
payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board, equal in value, at the effective time, to the excess, if any, of (1) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award (including, at the discretion
of the Board, any unvested portion of such Award), over (2) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. In the event there is no such excess, the Award may be terminated without consideration.

(d) Appointment of Stockholder Representative. As a condition
to the receipt of an Award under this Plan, a Participant will be deemed to have agreed that the Award will be subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision
for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on the Participants behalf with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration.

(e) No Restriction on Right to Undertake Transactions. The
grant of any Award under the Plan and the issuance of shares pursuant to any Award does not affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Company or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization,
reorganization or other change in the Companys capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of stock or of options, rights or options to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior
preference stocks whose rights are superior to or affect the Common Stock or the rights thereof or which are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any
part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise.

7. 

ADMINISTRATION.

(a) Administration by Board. The Board will administer the
Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in subsection (c) below.

(b) Powers of Board. The Board will have the power, subject
to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:

(i) To determine from time to time (1) which of the persons
eligible under the Plan will be granted Awards; (2) when and how each Award will be granted; (3) what type or combination of types of Award will be granted; (4) the provisions of each Award granted (which need not be identical), including the time
or times when a person will be permitted to receive an issuance of Common Stock or other payment pursuant to an Award; (5) the number of shares of Common Stock or cash equivalent with respect to which an Award will be granted to each such person;
(6) the Fair Market Value applicable to an Award; and (7) the terms of any Performance Award that is not valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, the Common Stock, including the amount of cash payment or other property
that may be earned and the timing of payment.

(ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted
under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration. The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in a manner and to the
extent it deems necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective.

(iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards
granted under it.

(iv) To accelerate the time at which an Award may first be
exercised or the time during which an Award or any part thereof will vest, notwithstanding the provisions in the Award Agreement stating the time at which it may first be exercised or the time during which it will vest.

(v) To prohibit the exercise of any Option, SAR or other
exercisable Award during a period of up to 30 days prior to the consummation of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company
assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the shares of Common Stock or the share price of the Common Stock including any Corporate Transaction, for reasons of administrative convenience.

(vi) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Suspension
or termination of the Plan will not Materially Impair rights and obligations under any Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant.

(vii) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems
necessary or advisable; provided, however, that stockholder approval will be required for any amendment to the extent required by Applicable Law. Except as
provided above, rights under any Award granted before amendment of the Plan will not be Materially Impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in
writing.

(viii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder
approval.

(ix) To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the
Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that
are not subject to Board discretion; provided however, that, a Participants rights under any Award will not be Materially Impaired by any such amendment
unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing.

(x) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such
acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards.

(xi) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary
or appropriate to permit and facilitate participation in the Plan by, or take advantage of specific tax treatment for Awards granted to, Employees, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided
that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement to ensure or facilitate compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction).

(xii) To effect, at any time and from time to time, subject to
stockholder approval and subject to the consent of any Participant whose Award is Materially Impaired by such action, (1) the reduction of the exercise price (or strike price) of any outstanding Option or SAR; (2) the cancellation of any
outstanding Option or SAR and the grant in substitution therefor of (A) a new Option, SAR, Restricted Stock Award, RSU Award or Other Award, under the Plan or another equity plan of the Company, covering the same or a different number of shares of
Common Stock, (B) cash and/or (C) other valuable consideration (as determined by the Board); or (3) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles.

(c) Delegation to Committee.

(i) General. The Board may delegate some or all of the
administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have
been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to another Committee or a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will
thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. Each Committee may retain the authority to concurrently
administer the Plan with Committee or subcommittee to which it has delegated its authority hereunder and may, at any time, revest in such Committee some or all of the powers previously delegated. The Board may retain the authority to concurrently
administer the Plan with any Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated.

(ii) Rule 16b-3 Compliance. To the extent an Award is intended
to qualify for the exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act that is available under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, the Award will be granted by the Board or a Committee that consists solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, as
determined under Rule 16b-3(b)(3) of the Exchange Act and thereafter any action establishing or modifying the terms of the Award will be approved by the Board or a Committee meeting such requirements to the extent necessary for such exemption to
remain available.

(d) Effect of Boards Decision. All determinations,
interpretations and constructions made by the Board or any Committee in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.

(e) Delegation to an Officer. The Board or any Committee may
delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, other types of Awards) and, to the
extent permitted by Applicable Law, the terms thereof, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Awards granted to such Employees; provided, however, that the resolutions or charter adopted by the Board or any
Committee evidencing such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant an Award to himself or herself. Any such Awards will be
granted on the applicable form of Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Board or the Committee, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
neither the Board nor any Committee may delegate to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) the authority to determine the Fair Market Value.

8. 

TAX WITHHOLDING

(a) Withholding Authorization. As a condition to acceptance of
any Award under the Plan, a Participant authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to such Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for (including), any sums required to satisfy any U.S. federal, state,
local and/or foreign tax or social insurance contribution withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise, vesting or settlement of such Award, as applicable. Accordingly, a Participant
may not be able to exercise an Award even though the Award is vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, unless and until such obligations
are satisfied.

(b) Satisfaction of Withholding Obligation. To the extent
permitted by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any U.S. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax or social insurance withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a
combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award; (iii) withholding
cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; (v) by allowing a Participant to effectuate a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated
by the Federal Reserve Board; or (vi) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement.

(c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes; No Liability to
Claims. Except as required by Applicable Law the Company has no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Award. Furthermore, the Company has no duty or obligation to warn or
otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such
Award and will not be liable to any holder of an Award for any adverse tax consequences to such holder in connection with an Award. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, each Participant (i) agrees to not make any claim against the
Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from such Award or other Company compensation and (ii) acknowledges that such Participant was advised to consult with their own personal tax,
financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the Award and has either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, each Participant acknowledges any Option or SAR granted under the Plan is exempt
from Section 409A only if the exercise or strike price is at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation
associated with the Award. Additionally, as a condition to accepting an Option or SAR granted under the Plan, each Participant agrees not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event
that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that such exercise price or strike price is less than the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service.

(d) Withholding Indemnification. As a condition to accepting
an Award under the Plan, in the event that the amount of the Companys and/or its Affiliates withholding obligation in connection with such Award was greater than the amount actually withheld by the Company and/or its Affiliates, each Participant
agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and/or its Affiliates harmless from any failure by the Company and/or its Affiliates to withhold the proper amount.

9. 

MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will
be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise.

(b) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock. Proceeds from
the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will constitute general funds of the Company.

(c) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate
action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter
evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action approving the grant contain terms
(e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records
will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents.

(d) Stockholder Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be
the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to such Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Award pursuant to its terms, if
applicable, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award is reflected in the records of the Company.

(e) No Employment or
Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company
or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that a Participant may have with respect to any
Award (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultants agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director
pursuant to the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state or foreign jurisdiction in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. Further, nothing in the Plan,
any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award will constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments,
future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or service or confer any right or benefit under the Award or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of the Award Agreement and/or Plan.

(f) Change in Time Commitment. In the event a Participants
regular level of time commitment in the performance of their services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from
a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board may determine, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, to (i) make a corresponding reduction
in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (ii) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the
vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended.

(g) Execution of Additional Documents. As a condition to
accepting an Award under the Plan, the Participant agrees to execute any additional documents or instruments necessary or desirable, as determined in the Plan Administrators sole discretion, to carry out the purposes or intent of the Award, or
facilitate compliance with securities and/or other regulatory requirements, in each case at the Plan Administrators request.

(h) Electronic Delivery and Participation. Any reference
herein or in an Award Agreement to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Companys intranet (or other
shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). By accepting any Award the Participant consents to receive documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through any on-line electronic
system established and maintained by the Plan Administrator or another third party selected by the Plan Administrator. The form of delivery of any Common Stock (e.g., a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be
determined by the Company.

(i) Clawback/Recovery. All Awards granted under the Plan will
be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Companys securities are listed or as is
otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other Applicable Law and any clawback policy that the Company otherwise adopts, to the extent applicable and permissible under Applicable Law. In addition, the
Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common
Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a Participants right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason,
or for a constructive termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company.

(j) Securities Law Compliance. A Participant will not be
issued any shares in respect of an Award unless either (i) the shares are registered under the Securities Act; or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each
Award also must comply with other Applicable Law governing the Award, and a Participant will not receive such shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with Applicable Law.

(k) Transfer or Assignment of Awards; Issued Shares. Except as
expressly provided in the Plan or the form of Award Agreement, Awards granted under the Plan may not be transferred or assigned by the Participant. After the vested shares subject to an Award have
been issued, or in the case of Restricted Stock and similar awards, after the issued shares have vested, the holder of such shares is free to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such shares provided that
any such actions are in compliance with the provisions herein, the terms of the Trading Policy and Applicable Law.

(l) Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of any
Award granted under the Plan, as determined upon grant, vesting or settlement, shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating any Participants benefits under any employee benefit plan
sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Companys or any Affiliates employee benefit plans.

(m) Deferrals. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the
Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may also establish programs and procedures for
deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals will be made in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A.

(n) Section 409A. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in
an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with
the requirements of Section 409A. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to
avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A is a
specified employee for purposes of Section 409A, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid
before the date that is six months and one day following the date of such Participants separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Participants death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with
Section 409A, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. 

(o) Choice of Law. This Plan and any controversy arising out
of or relating to this Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in any application of any law other than the law of the
State of Delaware.

10. 

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency, as may be deemed to be necessary, having jurisdiction over the Plan such
authority as may be required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of the Awards; provided, however, that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan,
any Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the
Company deems necessary or advisable for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of such Awards unless and
until such authority is obtained. A Participant is not eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any Applicable Law.

11. 

ADDITIONAL RULES FOR AWARDS SUBJECT TO SECTION 409A.

(a) Application. Unless the provisions of this Section of the
Plan are expressly superseded by the provisions in the form of Award Agreement, the provisions of this Section shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary set forth in the Award Agreement for a Non-Exempt Award.

(b) Non-Exempt Awards Subject to Non-Exempt Severance Arrangements.
To the extent a Non-Exempt Award is subject to Section 409A due to application of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, the following provisions of this subsection (b) apply.

(i) If the
Non-Exempt Award vests in the ordinary course during the Participants Continuous Service in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Award Agreement, and does not accelerate vesting under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance
Arrangement, in no event will the shares be issued in respect of such Non-Exempt Award any later than the later of: (i) December 31st of the calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date, or (ii) the 60th day that follows the applicable
vesting date.

(ii) If vesting of the Non-Exempt Award accelerates under the
terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with the Participants Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were in effect as of the date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award and, therefore, are part of the terms
of such Non-Exempt Award as of the date of grant, then the shares will be earlier issued in settlement of such Non-Exempt Award upon the Participants Separation from Service in accordance with the terms of the Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, but
in no event later than the 60th day that follows the date of the Participants Separation from Service. However, if at the time the shares would otherwise be issued the Participant is subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section
409A applicable to specified employees, as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such shares shall not be issued before the date that is six months following the date of such Participants Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the
date of the Participants death that occurs within such six month period.

(iii) If vesting of a Non-Exempt Award accelerates under the
terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with a Participants Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were not in effect as of the date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award and, therefore, are not a part of
the terms of such Non-Exempt Award on the date of grant, then such acceleration of vesting of the Non-Exempt Award shall not accelerate the issuance date of the shares, but the shares shall instead be issued on the same schedule as set forth in the
Grant Notice as if they had vested in the ordinary course during the Participants Continuous Service, notwithstanding the vesting acceleration of the Non-Exempt Award. Such issuance schedule is intended to satisfy the requirements of payment on a
specified date or pursuant to a fixed schedule, as provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a)(4).

(c) Treatment of Non-Exempt Awards Upon a Corporate Transaction for
Employees and Consultants. The provisions of this subsection (c) shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary set forth in the Plan with respect to the permitted treatment of any Non-Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate
Transaction if the Participant was either an Employee or Consultant upon the applicable date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award.

(i) Vested Non-Exempt Awards. The following provisions shall
apply to any Vested Non-Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction:

(1) If the Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change
in Control then the Acquiring Entity may not assume, continue or substitute the Vested Non-Exempt Award. Upon the Section 409A Change in Control the settlement of the Vested Non-Exempt Award will automatically be accelerated and the shares will be
immediately issued in respect of the Vested Non-Exempt Award. Alternatively, the Company may instead provide that the Participant will receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the
Participant upon the Section 409A Change in Control.

(2) If the Corporate Transaction is not also a Section 409A
Change in Control, then the Acquiring Entity must either assume, continue or substitute each Vested Non-Exempt Award. The shares to be issued in respect of the Vested Non-Exempt Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on
the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entitys discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash
payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of the Fair Market Value of the shares made on the date of the
Corporate Transaction.

(ii) Unvested Non-Exempt Awards. The following provisions
shall apply to any Unvested Non-Exempt Award unless otherwise determined by the Board pursuant to subsection (e) of this Section.

(1) In the event of a Corporate Transaction, the Acquiring
Entity shall assume, continue or substitute any Unvested Non-Exempt Award. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, any Unvested Non-Exempt Award will remain subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions that were applicable to the Award
prior to the Corporate Transaction. The shares to be issued in respect of any Unvested Non-Exempt Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the
Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entitys discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the
shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of Fair Market Value of the shares made on the date of the Corporate Transaction. 

(2) If the Acquiring Entity will not assume, substitute or
continue any Unvested Non-Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then such Award shall automatically terminate and be forfeited upon the Corporate Transaction with no consideration payable to any Participant in respect of such
forfeited Unvested Non-Exempt Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Board may in its discretion determine to elect to accelerate the vesting and settlement of the
Unvested Non-Exempt Award upon the Corporate Transaction, or instead substitute a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of such shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant, as further provided in subsection (e)(ii) below. In the
absence of such discretionary election by the Board, any Unvested Non-Exempt Award shall be forfeited without payment of any consideration to the affected Participants if the Acquiring Entity will not assume, substitute or continue the Unvested
Non-Exempt Awards in connection with the Corporate Transaction.

(3) The foregoing treatment shall apply with respect to all
Unvested Non-Exempt Awards upon any Corporate Transaction, and regardless of whether or not such Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control.

(d) Treatment of Non-Exempt Awards Upon a Corporate Transaction for
Non-Employee Directors. The following provisions of this subsection (d) shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan with respect to the permitted treatment of a Non-Exempt Director Award in
connection with a Corporate Transaction.

(i) If the Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change
in Control then the Acquiring Entity may not assume, continue or substitute the Non-Exempt Director Award. Upon the Section 409A Change in Control the vesting and settlement of any Non-Exempt Director Award will automatically be accelerated and the
shares will be immediately issued to the Participant in respect of the Non-Exempt Director Award. Alternatively, the Company may provide that the Participant will instead receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that
would otherwise be issued to the Participant upon the Section 409A Change in Control pursuant to the preceding provision.

(ii) If the Corporate Transaction is not also a Section 409A
Change in Control, then the Acquiring Entity must either assume, continue or substitute the Non-Exempt Director Award. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Non-Exempt Director Award will remain subject to the same vesting and forfeiture
restrictions that were applicable to the Award prior to the Corporate Transaction. The shares to be issued in respect of the Non-Exempt Director Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares
would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entitys discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance
date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of Fair Market Value made on the date of the Corporate Transaction.

(e) If the RSU Award is a Non-Exempt Award, then the
provisions in this Section 11(e) shall apply and supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement with respect to the permitted treatment of such Non-Exempt Award:

(i) Any exercise by the Board of discretion to accelerate the
vesting of a Non-Exempt Award shall not result in any acceleration of the scheduled issuance dates for the shares in respect of the Non-Exempt Award unless earlier issuance of the shares upon the applicable vesting dates would be in compliance with
the requirements of Section 409A.

(ii) The Company explicitly reserves the right to earlier
settle any Non-Exempt Award to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, including pursuant to any of the exemptions available in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix).

(iii) To the extent the terms of any Non-Exempt Award provide
that it will be settled upon a Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Change in Control or Corporate Transaction event triggering settlement must also
constitute a Section 409A Change in Control. To the extent the terms of a Non-Exempt Award provides that it will be settled upon a termination of employment or termination of Continuous Service, to the extent it is required for compliance with the
requirements of Section 409A, the termination event triggering settlement must also constitute a Separation From Service. However, if at the time the shares would otherwise be issued to a Participant in connection with a separation from service
such Participant is subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to specified employees, as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such shares shall not be
issued before the date that is six months following the date of the Participants Separation From Service, or, if earlier, the date of the Participants death that occurs within such six month period.

(iv) The provisions in this subsection (e) for delivery of the
shares in respect of the settlement of an RSU Award that is a Non-Exempt Award are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that the delivery of the shares to the Participant in respect of such Non-Exempt Award will not trigger
the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be so interpreted.

12. 

SEVERABILITY.

If all or any part of the Plan or any Award Agreement is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness
or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of the Plan or such Award Agreement not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of the Plan or any Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if
possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid.

13. 

TERMINATION OF THE PLAN.

The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Awards may be granted under the Plan after the tenth anniversary of the Restatement
Effective Date and no Incentive Stock Options may be granted after the tenth anniversary of the earlier of approval by the Board or the Companys stockholders of the Plan (or any amendment to the Plan that constitutes the adoption of a new plan for
purposes of Section 422 of the Code). No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated.

14. 

DEFINITIONS.

As used in the Plan, the following definitions apply to the capitalized terms indicated below:

(a) Acquiring Entity means the surviving or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) in connection with a Corporate Transaction.

(b) Adoption Date means the date the Plan is first approved by the Board or Compensation Committee.

(c) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. The Board may determine
the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition.

(d) Annual Increase means, with respect to each year, the number of shares added to the aggregate share reserve on January 1 pursuant to the automatic increase provided by Section 2(a).

(e) Applicable Law means any applicable securities, federal, state, foreign, material local or municipal or other law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance,
code, edict, decree, rule, listing rule, regulation, judicial decision, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Body (including under the
authority of any applicable self-regulating organization such as the Nasdaq Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange, or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).

(f) Award means any right to receive Common Stock, cash or other property granted under the Plan (including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, an
RSU Award, a SAR, a Performance Award or any Other Award).

(g) Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award. The Award Agreement generally consists of the Grant Notice
and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Award and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice.

(h) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company (or its designee). Any decision or determination made by the Board shall be a decision or determination that is made in the sole discretion
of the Board (or its designee), and such decision or determination shall be final and binding on all Participants.

(i) Business Combination Agreement means that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2021, by and among the Company and the other parties thereto.

(j) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan
or subject to any Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large
nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization
Adjustment.

(k) Cause has the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between a Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with
respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the Participants dishonest statements or acts with respect to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, or any current or prospective customers, suppliers, vendors or
other third parties with which such entity does business; (ii) the Participants commission of (A) a felony or (B) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud; (iii) the Participants failure to perform the Participants
assigned duties and responsibilities to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company which failure continues, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, after written notice given to the Participant by the Company; (iv) the Participants gross
negligence, willful misconduct or insubordination with respect to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company; or (v) the Participants material violation of any provision of any agreement(s) between the Participant and the Company relating to
noncompetition, nonsolicitation, nondisclosure and/or assignment of inventions. The determination that a termination of the Participants Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Board with respect to Participants
who are executive officers of the Company and by the Companys Chief Executive Officer with respect to Participants who are not executive officers of the Company. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was
terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose.

(l) Change in Control or Change of Control means the occurrence, in a single
transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events; provided, however, to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal income tax consequences to the Participant in connection with an Award, also
constitutes a Section 409A Change in Control:

(i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or
indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a
Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any
other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Companys securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, or (C) solely because
the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person) exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities
as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition
of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the
then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur;

(ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar
transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly,
either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50% of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50% of the combined outstanding voting power
of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such
transaction;

(iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or
other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the
Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition; or

(iv) individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the
Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;
provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member shall, for
purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board.

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Change in Control shall not include a sale of assets, merger or other
transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, and (B) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the
Participant shall supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however, that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the
foregoing definition shall apply.

(m) Closing Date means the date of date of the closing of the transactions contemplated by that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2021, by and among the Company
and the other parties thereto.

(n) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder.

(o) Committee means the Compensation Committee and any other committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board or Compensation Committee in accordance with the
Plan.

(p) Common Stock means, as of the Closing Date, the Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company.

(q) Company means Senti Biosciences Inc., a Delaware corporation.

(r) Compensation Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board.

(s) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii)
serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes
of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Companys securities to
such person.

(t) Continuous Service means that the Participants service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the
capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination
of the Participants service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participants Continuous Service; provided, however, that if the Entity
for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, such Participants Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For
example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the
Company, in that partys sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any
other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may
be provided in the Companys leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or
compliance with Section 409A, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the
definition of separation from service as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder).

(u) Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:

(i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all,
as determined by the Board, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries;

(ii) a sale or other disposition of at least 50% of the
outstanding securities of the Company;

(iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following
which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or

(iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following
which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar
transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise.

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Corporate Transaction shall not include a sale of assets, merger or
other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, (B) the definition of Corporate Transaction (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the
Participant shall supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however, that if no definition of Corporate Transaction or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the
foregoing definition shall apply, and (C) with respect to any nonqualified deferred compensation that becomes payable on account of the Corporate Transaction, the transaction or event described in clause (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) also constitutes a
Section 409A Change in Control if required in order for the payment not to violate Section 409A of the Code.

(v) Director means a member of the Board.

(w) determine or determined means as determined by the Board or the Committee (or
its designee) in its sole discretion.

(x) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, such Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental
impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of
such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances.

(y) Effective Date means the effective date of this Plan, which is the date of the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, provided that this Plan is
approved by the Companys stockholders prior to such date.

(z) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an
Employee for purposes of the Plan.

(aa) Employer means the Company or the Affiliate of the Company that employs the Participant.

(bb) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity.

(cc) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(dd) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date,
is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities.

(ee) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the value of the Common Stock (as determined on a per share or aggregate basis, as applicable) determined
as follows:

(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock
exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date
of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable.

(ii) If there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock
on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists.

(iii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, or
if otherwise determined by the Board, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code.

(ff) GovernmentalBody means any: (i) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction of any nature; (ii) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other government; (iii)
governmental or regulatory body, or quasi-governmental body of any nature (including any governmental division, department, administrative agency or bureau, commission, authority, instrumentality, official, ministry, fund, foundation, center,
organization, unit, body or Entity and any court or other tribunal, and for the avoidance of doubt, any Tax authority) or other body exercising similar powers or authority; or (iv) self-regulatory organization (including the Nasdaq Stock Market,
New York Stock Exchange, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).

(gg) Grant Notice means the notice provided to a Participant that he or she has been granted an Award under the Plan and which includes the name of the Participant, the type of Award, the date of
grant of the Award, number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Award or potential cash payment right, (if any), the vesting schedule for the Award (if any) and other key terms applicable to the Award.

(hh) Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that is intended to be, and qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of
the Code.

(ii) Materially Impair means any amendment to the terms of the Award that materially adversely affects the Participants rights under the Award. A Participants rights under an Award will not be
deemed to have been Materially Impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participants rights. For example, the following types of amendments
to the terms of an Award do not Materially Impair the Participants rights under the Award: (i) imposition of reasonable restrictions on the minimum number of shares subject to an Option or SAR that may be exercised; (ii) to maintain the qualified
status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (iii) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option in a manner that disqualifies, impairs or otherwise affects the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive
Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (iv) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with or qualify it for an exemption from, Section 409A; or (v) to comply with other Applicable Laws.

(jj) Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from
the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the
Securities Act (Regulation S-K)), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item
404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3.

(kk) Non-Exempt Award means any Award that is subject to, and not exempt from, Section 409A, including as the result of (i) a deferral of the issuance of the shares subject to the Award which is
elected by the Participant or imposed by the Company, or (ii) the terms of any Non-Exempt Severance Agreement.

(ll) Non-Exempt Director Award means a Non-Exempt Award granted to a Participant who was a Director but not an Employee on the applicable grant
date.

(mm) Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement means a severance arrangement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company that provides for acceleration of vesting of an Award and issuance
of the shares in respect of such Award upon the Participants termination of employment or separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code (and without regard to any alternative definition thereunder) (Separation from Service) and such severance benefit does not satisfy the requirements for an exemption from application of Section 409A
provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(9) or otherwise.

(nn) Nonstatutory Stock Option means any option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

(oo) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

(pp) Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan.

(qq) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and the Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of the Option grant. The Option Agreement includes the Grant Notice
for the Option and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Option and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan.

(rr) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option.

(ss) Other Award means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(c).

(tt) Other Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Award grant. Each Other Award Agreement
will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(uu) Own, Owned, Owner, Ownership means that a person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have
Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes
the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities.

(vv) Participant means an Employee, Director or Consultant to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award.

(ww) Performance Award means an Award that may vest or may be exercised or a cash award that may vest or become earned and paid contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of
certain Performance Goals and which is granted under the terms and conditions of Section 5(b) pursuant to such terms as are approved by the Board. In addition, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and set forth in the applicable Award
Agreement, the Board may determine that cash or other property may be used in payment of Performance Awards. Performance Awards that are settled in cash or other property are not required to be valued in whole or in part by reference to, or
otherwise based on, the Common Stock.

(xx) Performance Criteria means one or more criteria that the Board will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be
used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following as determined by the Board: earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings); earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation; earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; total stockholder return; return on equity or average stockholders equity; return on assets, investment, or capital employed; stock price; margin (including gross margin); income (before or
after taxes); operating income; operating income after taxes; pre-tax profit; operating cash flow; sales or revenue targets; increases in revenue or product revenue; expenses and cost reduction goals; improvement in or attainment of working capital
levels; economic value added (or an equivalent metric); market share; cash flow; cash flow per share; share price performance; debt reduction; customer satisfaction; stockholders equity; capital
expenditures; debt levels; operating profit or net operating profit; workforce diversity; growth of net income or operating income; billings; financing; regulatory milestones; stockholder liquidity; corporate governance and compliance; intellectual
property; personnel matters; progress of internal research; progress of partnered programs; partner satisfaction; budget management; partner or collaborator achievements; internal controls, including those related to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;
investor relations, analysts and communication; implementation or completion of projects or processes; employee retention; number of users, including unique users; strategic partnerships or transactions (including in-licensing and out-licensing of
intellectual property); establishing relationships with respect to the marketing, distribution and sale of the Companys products; supply chain achievements; co-development, co-marketing, profit sharing, joint venture or other similar arrangements;
individual performance goals; corporate development and planning goals; and other measures of performance selected by the Board or Committee whether or not listed herein.

(yy) Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period, one or more goals established by the Board for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. Performance Goals may be based
on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more
relevant indices. Unless specified otherwise by the Board (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Board
will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows: (1) to exclude restructuring and/or other nonrecurring charges; (2) to exclude exchange rate effects; (3) to
exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles; (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates; (5) to exclude the effects of items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently as
determined under generally accepted accounting principles; (6) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures; (7) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the
balance of a Performance Period following such divestiture; (8) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization,
recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends; (9) to exclude the effects of stock based
compensation and the award of bonuses under the Companys bonus plans; (10) to exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to be expensed under generally accepted accounting principles; and
(11) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, the Board may establish or provide for other adjustment items in the Award Agreement
at the time the Award is granted or in such other document setting for the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established. In addition, the Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic
benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting
corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award.

(zz) Performance Period means the period of time selected by the Board over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participants
right to vesting or exercise of an Award. Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board.

(aaa) Plan means this Amended and Restated Senti Biosciences, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time.

(bbb) Plan Administrator means the person, persons, and/or third-party administrator designated by the Company to administer the day to day operations of the Plan and the Companys other equity
incentive programs.

(ccc) Post-Termination Exercise Period means the period following termination of a Participants Continuous Service within which an Option or SAR is exercisable, as specified in Section 4(h).

(ddd) Prospectus means the document containing the Plan information specified in Section 10(a) of the Securities Act.

(eee) Restatement Effective Date means March 6, 2025, the date that the Companys stockholders approved this Plan, as amended and restated.

(fff) Restricted Stock Award or RSA
means an Award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a).

(ggg) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant.
The Restricted Stock Award Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the Restricted Stock Award and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Restricted Stock Award and which is provided to a
Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(hhh) Returning Shares means shares subject to Rollover Options (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) that are outstanding as of the Effective Date and, that following the Effective
Date: (A) are not issued because such stock award or any portion thereof expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such stock award having been issued; (B) are not issued because such stock award or any portion thereof is
settled in cash; (C) are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of such shares; (D) are withheld or reacquired to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase
price; or (E) are withheld or reacquired to satisfy a tax withholding obligation.

(iii) RSU Award or RSU means an Award of restricted stock units representing the
right to receive an issuance of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a).

(jjj) RSU Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an RSU Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an RSU Award grant. The RSU Award Agreement includes the
Grant Notice for the RSU Award and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the RSU Award and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each RSU Award Agreement will be
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(kkk) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time.

(lll) Rule 405 means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act.

(mmm) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder.

(nnn) Section 409A Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets, as provided in
Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder).

(ooo) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(ppp) Share Reserve means the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan as set forth in Section 2(a).

(qqq) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on
Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 4.

(rrr) SAR Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a SAR evidencing the terms and conditions of a SAR grant. The SAR Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the SAR
and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the SAR and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each SAR Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the
Plan.

(sss) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50% of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of
directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly,
Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50%.

(ttt) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes
of stock of the Company or any Affiliate.

(uuu) Trading Policy means the Companys policy permitting certain individuals to sell Company shares only during certain window periods and/or
otherwise restricts the ability of certain individuals to transfer or encumber Company shares, as in effect from time to time.

(vvv) Unvested Non-Exempt Award means the portion of any Non-Exempt Award that had not vested in accordance with its terms upon or prior to the date of any Corporate Transaction.

(www) Vested Non-Exempt Award means the portion of any Non-Exempt Award that had vested in accordance with its terms upon or prior to the date of a Corporate Transaction.

Adopted by the Board of Directors on December 20, 2024

Approved by the Stockholders on March 6, 2025

Senti Biosciences Inc.

STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE

(AMENDED AND RESTATED 2022 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN)

Senti Bioscience Inc. (the Company),
pursuant to its Amended and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan), has granted to you (Optionholder) an option to purchase the number of shares of the Common Stock set forth below (the Option). Your Option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement, all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in
their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Stock Option Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Stock Option Agreement, as applicable.

Optionholder:

Date of Grant:

Vesting Commencement Date:

Number of Shares of Common Stock

Subject to Option:

Exercise Price (Per Share):

Total Exercise Price:

Expiration Date:

Type of Grant: [Incentive Stock Option] OR [Nonstatutory Stock Option]

Vesting Schedule: 

25 percent of the Shares shall vest and become exercisable on the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date; provided that the Participant maintains
Continuous Service with the Company at such time. Thereafter, the remaining 75 percent of the Shares shall vest and become exercisable in 36 equal monthly installments following the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date,
provided the Participant maintains Continuous Service with the Company on each vesting date. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, in the case of a Corporate Transaction, this Stock Option and the Shares shall be
treated as provided in Section 6(c) of the Plan.

Optionholder Acknowledgements: By your signature below or by
electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you understand and agree that:

The Option is governed by this Stock Option Grant Notice, and the provisions of the Plan and the
Stock Option Agreement, all of which are made a part of this document. Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Stock Option Agreement (together, the Option Agreement) may not be modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed
by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company.

If the Option is an Incentive Stock Option, it (plus other outstanding Incentive Stock Options
granted to you) cannot be first exercisable for more than $100,000 in value (measured by exercise price) in any calendar year. Any excess over $100,000 is a Nonstatutory Stock Option.

You consent to receive this Grant Notice, the Stock Option Agreement, the Plan, the Prospectus and any other Plan-related documents by electronic delivery and to
participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company.

You have read and are familiar with the provisions of the Plan, the Stock Option Agreement, and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the
provisions in this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control.

The Option Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of Common Stock and supersedes all prior oral and
written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of other equity awards previously granted to you and any written employment agreement, offer letter, severance agreement, written severance plan or
policy, or other written agreement between the Company and you in each case that specifies the terms that should govern this Option.

Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

SENTI BIOSCIENCES INC. 

OPTIONHOLDER:

By: 

Signature 

Signature

Title: 

Date:

Date: 

Senti Biosciences Inc.

AMENDED AND RESTATED 2022 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

As reflected by your Stock Option Grant Notice (Grant Notice) Senti Biosciences Inc. (the Company) has granted you an option under its Amended and
Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock at the exercise price indicated in your
Grant Notice (the Option). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan shall
have the meanings set forth in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable. The terms of your Option as specified in the Grant Notice and this Stock Option Agreement constitute your Option Agreement.

The general terms and conditions applicable to your Option are as follows:

1. 

GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT. Your Option is subject to all the provisions of
the Plan. Your Option is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the Option Agreement and
the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control.

2. 

EXERCISE.

(a) 

You may generally exercise the vested portion of your Option for whole shares of Common Stock at any time during its term by delivery of payment of the exercise
price and applicable withholding taxes and other required documentation to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the exercise procedures established by the Plan Administrator, which may include an electronic submission. Please review
the Plan, which may restrict or prohibit your ability to exercise your Option during certain periods.

(b) 

To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, you may pay your Option exercise price as follows:

i. 

cash, check, bank draft or money order;

ii. 

subject to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, pursuant to a cashless exercise program as further described in the Plan if at the time of
exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded;

iii. 

subject to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, by delivery of previously owned shares of Common Stock as further described in the Plan; or

iv. 

subject to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, if the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement as further
described in the Plan.

3. 

TERM. You may not exercise your Option before the commencement of its
term or after its term expires. The term of your option commences on the Date of Grant and expires upon the earliest of the following:

(a) 

immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause;

(b) 

three months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, Disability or death;

(c) 

12 months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability;

(d) 

18 months after your death if you die during your Continuous Service;

(e) 

immediately upon a Corporate Transaction if the Board has determined that the Option will terminate in connection with a Corporate Transaction; or

(f) 

the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you die during the period provided in Section 3(b) or 3(c) above, the term of your Option shall not
expire until the earlier of (i) 18 months after your death, (ii) upon any termination of the Option in connection with a Corporate Transaction, or (iii) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice. Additionally, the Post-Termination Exercise
Period of your Option may be extended as provided in the Plan.

To obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on
the date of grant of your Option and ending on the day three months before the date of your Options exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability. If the Company provides for the
extended exercisability of your Option under certain circumstances for your benefit, your Option will not necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you exercise your Option more than three months after the date your employment
terminates.

4. 

WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS.

(a) 

Regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Affiliate to which you provide Continuous Service (the Service Recipient) with respect to any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account, or other tax-related items
associated with the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option or sale of the underlying Common Stock or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (the Tax Liability), you hereby acknowledge and agree that the Tax Liability is your ultimate responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld
by the Company or the Service Recipient. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Service Recipient (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding any Tax Liability in connection with any aspect of this Option, including,
but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to such exercise, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock, and the payment of any dividends on the shares; and (ii) do not
commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate your Tax Liability or achieve a particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax Liability in more than
one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Service Recipient (or former service recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction.

(b) 

Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Service
Recipient to satisfy all Tax Liability. As further provided in Section 8 of the Plan, you hereby authorize the Company and any applicable Service Recipient to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to the Tax Liability
by one or a combination of the following methods: (i) causing you to pay any portion of the Tax Liability in cash or cash equivalent in a form acceptable to the Company; (ii) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by
the Company or the Service Recipient; (iii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option (including by means of a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under
Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company, or by means of the Company acting as your agent to sell sufficient shares of Common Stock for the proceeds to settle such withholding
requirements, on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent); (iv) withholding shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of the Option, provided that to the extent necessary to qualify for
an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Board or the Companys Compensation Committee; and/or (v) any other
method determined by the Company to be in compliance with Applicable Law. Furthermore, you agree to pay the Company or the Service Recipient any amount the Company or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold, collect or pay as a
result of your participation in the Plan or that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. In the event it is determined that the amount of the Tax Liability was greater than the amount withheld by the Company or the Service
Recipient, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company and/or the Service Recipient (as applicable) harmless from any failure by the Company or the applicable Service Recipient to withhold the proper amount.

(c) 

The Company may withhold or account for your Tax Liability by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates applicable in your
jurisdiction(s), including (i) maximum applicable rates in your jurisdiction(s), in which case you may receive a refund of any over- withheld amount in cash (whether from applicable tax authorities or the Company) and you will have no
entitlement to the equivalent amount in Common Stock or (ii) minimum or such other applicable rates in your jurisdiction(s), in which case you may be solely responsible for paying any additional Tax Liability to the applicable tax
authorities or to the Company and/or the Service Recipient. If the Tax Liability withholding obligation is satisfied by withholding shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of
Common Stock subject to the exercised portion of the Option, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying such Tax Liability.

(d) 

You acknowledge that you may not be able to exercise your Option even though the Option is vested, and that the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares
of Common Stock, in each case, unless and until you have fully satisfied any applicable Tax Liability, as determined by the Company. Unless any withholding obligation for the Tax Liability is satisfied, the Company shall have no
obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock in respect of the Option.

5. 

INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION DISPOSITION REQUIREMENT. If your option is an
Incentive Stock Option, you must notify the Company in writing within 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two years after the date of
your option grant or within one year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option.

6. 

TRANSFERABILITY. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, your Option is
not transferable, except by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you.

7. 

CORPORATE TRANSACTION. Your Option is subject to the terms of any
agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf with respect to any escrow,
indemnities and any contingent consideration.

8. 

NO LIABILITY FOR TAXES. As a condition to accepting the Option, you
hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from the Option or other Company compensation and (b) acknowledge that you were
advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the Option and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, you acknowledge that the
Option is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise price is at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible deferral
of compensation associated with the Option. Additionally, as a condition to accepting the Option, you agree not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal
Revenue Service asserts that such exercise is less than the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service.

9. 

OBLIGATIONS; RECOUPMENT. You hereby acknowledge that the grant of your
Option is additional consideration for any obligations (whether during or after employment) that you have to the Company not to compete, not to solicit its customers, clients or employees, not to disclose or misuse confidential
information or similar obligations. Accordingly, if the Company reasonably determines that you breached such obligations, in addition to any other available remedy, the Company may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, recoup any
income realized by you with respect to the exercise of your Option within two years of such breach. In addition, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, this right to recoupment by the Company applies in the event that your employment
is terminated for Cause or if the Company reasonably determines that circumstances existed that it could have terminated your employment for Cause.

10. 

SEVERABILITY. If any part of this Option Agreement or the Plan is
declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this
Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while
remaining lawful and valid.

11. 

INDEBTEDNESS TO THE COMPANY. In the event that you have any loans, draws,
advances or any other indebtedness owing to the Company at the time of exercise of all or a portion of the Option, the Company may deduct and not deliver that number of shares of Common Stock with a Fair Market Value subject to the Option
equal to such indebtedness to satisfy all or a portion of such indebtedness, to the extent permitted by law and in a manner consistent with Section 409A of the Code, if applicable.

12. 

OTHER DOCUMENTS. You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to
receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Companys Trading Policy.

13. 

QUESTIONS. If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and
conditions applicable to your Option, including a summary of the applicable federal income tax consequences please see the Prospectus.

* * * *

Senti Biosciences Inc.

RSU Award Grant Notice

(Amended and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan)

Senti Biosciences Inc. (the Company) has
awarded to you (the Participant) the number of restricted stock units specified and on the terms set forth below in consideration of your
services (the RSU Award). Your RSU Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Companys Amended
and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) and the Award Agreement (the Agreement), which are incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the
Plan or the Agreement.

Participant:

Date of Grant:

Vesting Commencement Date:

Number of Restricted Stock Units:

Vesting Schedule: 

25 percent of the Restricted Stock Units shall vest on the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date; provided that the Participant maintains Continuous
Service with the Company at such time. Thereafter, the remaining 75 percent of the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in 12 equal quarterly installments following the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, provided the
Participant maintains Continuous Service with the Company on each vesting date. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, in the case of a Corporate Transaction, this RSU Award and the Restricted Stock Units shall be
treated as provided in Section 6(c) of the Plan

Notwithstanding the foregoing, vesting shall terminate upon the Participants termination of Continuous Service.

Issuance Schedule: One share of Common Stock will be issued for
each Restricted Stock Unit which vests at the time set forth in Section 5 of the Agreement.

Participant Acknowledgements: By your signature below or by
electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you understand and agree that:

The RSU Award is governed by this RSU Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice), and the provisions of the Plan and the
Agreement, all of which are made a part of this document. Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement (together, the RSU Award Agreement) may not be modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly
authorized officer of the Company.

You have read and are familiar with the provisions of the Plan, the RSU Award Agreement and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in
the RSU Award Agreement, or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control.

The RSU Award Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of Common Stock and supersedes all prior oral
and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of: (i) other equity awards previously granted to you, and (ii) any written employment agreement, offer letter, severance agreement, written
severance plan or policy, or other written agreement between the Company and you in each case that specifies the terms that should govern this RSU Award.

SENTI BIOSCIENCES INC. 

PARTICIPANT:

By: 

Signature 

Signature

Title: 

Date:

Date: 

Senti Biosciences Inc.

Amended and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan

Award Agreement (RSU Award)

As reflected by your Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (Grant Notice), Senti Biosciences Inc. (the Company) has granted you a RSU Award under its Amended
and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) for the number of restricted stock units as indicated in your Grant Notice (the RSU Award). The terms of your RSU Award as specified in this Award Agreement for your RSU Award (the Agreement) and the Grant Notice constitute your RSU Award
Agreement. Defined terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable.

The general terms applicable to your RSU Award are as follows:

1. Governing Plan Document. Your RSU Award is
subject to all the provisions of the Plan. Your RSU Award is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict
between the RSU Award Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control.

2. Grant Of The RSU Award. This RSU Award
represents your right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of the Companys Common Stock that is equal to the number of restricted stock units indicated in the Grant Notice subject to your satisfaction of the vesting conditions set
forth therein (the Restricted Stock Units). Any additional Restricted Stock Units that become subject to the RSU Award pursuant to
Capitalization Adjustments as set forth in the Plan and the provisions of Section 3 below, if any, shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of
delivery as applicable to the other Restricted Stock Units covered by your RSU Award.

3. Dividends. You shall receive no benefit or
adjustment to your RSU Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment as provided in the Plan; provided, however, that this sentence shall not apply with respect
to any shares of Common Stock that are delivered to you in connection with your RSU Award after such shares have been delivered to you.

4. Withholding Obligations.

(a) Regardless of any action taken by the
Company or, if different, the Affiliate to which you provide Continuous Service (the Service Recipient) with respect to any income tax,
social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items associated with the grant or vesting of the RSU Award or sale of the underlying Common Stock or other tax-related items related to your participation
in the Plan and legally applicable to you (the Tax Liability), you hereby acknowledge and agree that the Tax Liability is your ultimate
responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Service Recipient (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding any Tax Liability
in connection with any aspect of this RSU Award, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSU Award, the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to such vesting, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock, and the payment of any
dividends on the Common Stock; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSU Award to reduce or eliminate your Tax Liability or achieve a particular tax result. Further, if you
are subject to Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Service Recipient (or former service recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Liability in more than one
jurisdiction.

(b) Prior to any relevant taxable or tax
withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Service Recipient to satisfy all Tax Liability. As further provided in Section 8 of the Plan, you hereby authorize the Company and any
applicable Service Recipient to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to the Tax Liability by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing you to pay any portion of the Tax Liability in cash or cash
equivalent in a form acceptable to the Company; (ii) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company or the Service Recipient; (iii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise
issuable to you in connection with the Award; provided, however, that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b)
of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Board or the Companys Compensation Committee; (iv) permitting or requiring you to enter into a same day sale commitment, if
applicable, with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a FINRA Dealer), pursuant to this
authorization and without further consent, whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares of Common Stock to be delivered in connection with your Restricted Stock Units to satisfy the Tax Liability and whereby the FINRA Dealer
irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Tax Liability directly to the Company or the Service Recipient; and/or (v) any other method determined by the Company to be in compliance with Applicable Law. Furthermore, you
agree to pay the Company or the Service Recipient any amount the Company or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold, collect, or pay as a result of your participation in the Plan or that cannot be satisfied by the means previously
described. In the event it is determined that the amount of the Tax Liability was greater than the amount withheld by the Company and/or the Service Recipient (as applicable), you agree to indemnify and hold the Company and/or the Service Recipient
(as applicable) harmless from any failure by the Company or the applicable Service Recipient to withhold the proper amount.

(c) The Company may withhold or account for
your Tax Liability by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s), including (i) maximum applicable rates in your jurisdiction(s), in which case you may receive a refund of any over-
withheld amount in cash (whether from applicable tax authorities or the Company) and you will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Common Stock or (ii) minimum or such other applicable rates in your jurisdiction(s), in which case you may
be solely responsible for paying any additional Tax Liability to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company and/or the Service Recipient. If the Tax Liability withholding obligation is satisfied by withholding shares of Common Stock, for tax
purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested portion of the RSU Award, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying such
Tax Liability.

(d) You acknowledge that you may not
participate in the Plan and the Company shall have no obligation to deliver shares of Common Stock until you have fully satisfied the Tax Liability, as determined by the Company. Unless any withholding obligation for the Tax Liability is satisfied,
the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock in respect of the RSU Award.

5. DATE OF ISSUANCE.

(a) The issuance of shares in respect of the
Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a) and will be construed and administered in such a manner. Subject to the satisfaction of the Tax Liability withholding obligation, if any, in the event
one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company shall issue to you one (1) share of Common Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit. Each issuance date determined by this paragraph is referred to as an Original Issuance Date.

(b) If the Original Issuance Date falls on a
date that is not a business day, delivery shall instead occur on the next following business day. In addition, if a Tax Liability withholding obligation applies, if:

(i) the Original Issuance Date does not occur
(1) during an open window period applicable to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Companys then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell shares of Common
Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously established written trading plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act and was entered into in compliance with the
Companys policies (a 10b5-1 Arrangement)), and

(ii) the Company decides, prior to the
Original Issuance Date, (A) not to satisfy the Tax Liability withholding obligation by withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, (B) not to permit you to enter into a
same day sale commitment with a broker-dealer (including but not limited to a commitment under a 10b5-1 Arrangement) or (C) not to permit you to pay your Tax Liability in cash, then
the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of the
Common Stock in the open public market, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or, if and only if permitted in a manner that complies with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar
month of the applicable year following the year in which the shares of Common Stock under this Award are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d).

6. Transferability. Except as otherwise
provided in the Plan, your RSU Award is not transferable, except by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution

7. Corporate Transaction. Your RSU Award is
subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf with respect to
any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration.

8. No Liability For Taxes. As a condition to
accepting the RSU Award, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from the RSU Award or other Company compensation and (b)
acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the RSU Award and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so.

9. Severability. If any part of this Agreement
or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this
Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful
and valid.

10. Other Documents. You hereby acknowledge
receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Companys Trading Policy.

11. Questions. If you have questions
regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your RSU Award, including a summary of the applicable federal income tax consequences please see the Prospectus.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20045153_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

SENTI BIOSCIENCES INC.

NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY

The purpose of this Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (the Policy)

of Senti Biosciences Inc. (the Company) is to provide a total compensation package that enables the Company to attract and retain, on a long-term basis, high-caliber
directors who are not employees or officers of the Company or its subsidiaries (Outside Directors). In furtherance of the purpose stated above, all Outside Directors
shall be paid compensation for services provided to the Company as set forth below:

Cash Retainers

Annual Retainer for Board Membership: $35,000 for general availability and
participation in meetings and conference calls of our Board of Directors, to be paid quarterly in arrears, pro-rated based on the number of actual days served by the director during such calendar quarter. No additional compensation will be paid for
attending individual meetings of the Board of Directors.

Additional Annual Retainer for Non-Executive Chair: 

$ 

30,000 

Additional Annual Retainers for Committee Membership: 

Audit Committee Chair: 

$ 

15,000 

Audit Committee member: 

$ 

7,500 

Compensation Committee Chair: 

$ 

15,000 

Compensation Committee member: 

$ 

7,500 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair: 

$ 

8,000 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee member: 

$ 

4,000 

Chair and committee member retainers are in addition to retainers for members of the Board of Directors. No additional compensation will be paid for
attending individual committee meetings of the Board of Directors.

Equity Retainers

Initial Award: An initial, one-time stock option award (the Initial Award) of 43,900 shares of the Companys common stock (the Common Stock) will be
granted to each Outside Director serving on the Board as of the Effective Date and each new Outside Director upon his or her election to the Board of Directors following the Effective Date, which shall vest in 36 equal monthly installments over
three years from the date of grant, provided, however, that all vesting shall cease if the director resigns from the Board of Directors or otherwise ceases to serve as a director of the Company, unless the Company and the director have entered into
a written agreement for such director to provide uninterrupted services to the Company in a capacity other than as a director at such time or prior to such time the director resigns from or ceases to serve as a director, and such written agreement
expressly states that such services constitute Continuous Service (as defined in the Companys Amended and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan) , in which case, all vesting shall cease upon termination of the Continuous Service. The Initial Award
shall expire ten years from the date of grant, and shall have a per share exercise price equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Companys Amended and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan) of the Common Stock on the date of grant.

Annual Award: On each date of each Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the
Company following the Effective Date (the Annual Meeting), each continuing Outside Director, other than a director receiving an Initial Award on such date, will receive
an annual stock option award (the Annual Award) for 21,950 shares of Common Stock, which shall vest in full upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the date of
grant or (ii) the date of the next Annual Meeting; provided, however, that all vesting shall cease if the director resigns from the Board of Directors or otherwise ceases to serve as a director, unless the Company and the director have entered into
a written agreement for such director to provide uninterrupted services to the Company in a capacity other than as a director at such time or prior to such time the director resigns from or ceases to serve as a director, and such written agreement
expressly states that such services constitute Continuous Service, in which case, all vesting shall cease upon termination of the Continuous Service. Such Annual Award shall expire ten years from the date of grant, and shall have a per share
exercise price equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Companys Amended and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan) of the Common Stock on the date of grant. 

Change of Control Acceleration: All outstanding Initial Awards and Annual
Awards held by an Outside Director shall become fully vested and exercisable upon a Change of Control (as defined in the Companys Amended and Restated 2022 Equity Incentive Plan).

Expenses

The Company will reimburse all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by non-employee directors in attending meetings of the Board of Directors or any
committee thereof.

Maximum Annual Compensation

The aggregate value of all compensation granted or paid, as applicable, to any individual for service as an Outside Director with respect to any calendar
year, including equity awards granted and cash fees paid by the Company to such Outside Director, will not exceed (i) $750,000 in total value or (ii) in the event such Outside Director is first appointed or elected to the Board during such calendar
year, $1,000,000 in total value, in each case calculating the value of any equity awards based on the grant date fair value of such equity awards for financial reporting purposes as set forth above.

Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy adopted by the Board of Directors: July 13, 2022(the Effective Date).

Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy adopted by the Board of Directors on March 7, 2025.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>snti-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>snti-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>snti-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40440

Entity Registrant Name Senti Biosciences, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001854270

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2437900

Entity Address, Address Line One 2 Corporate Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two First Floor

Entity Address, City or Town South San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94080

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 239-2030

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol SNTI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://sentibio.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20045153_8k.htm 
snti-20250306.xsd 
snti-20250306_lab.xml 
snti-20250306_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-007862-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ef20045153_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001854270 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

false 
0001854270 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
Senti Biosciences, Inc. 
DE 
001-40440 
86-2437900 
2 Corporate Drive 
First Floor 
South San Francisco 
CA 
94080 
650 
239-2030 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
SNTI 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>