<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001174947-25-000312.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001174947-25-000312.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250311102720
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-25-000312
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250311
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ESPEY MFG & ELECTRONICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000033533
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				141387171
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04383
		FILM NUMBER:		25726216

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 BALLSTON AVE
		STREET 2:		COR. CONGRESS & BALLSTON AVES.
		CITY:			SARATOGA SPRINGS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12866
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5185844100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 BALLSTON AVE
		CITY:			SARATOGA SPRINGS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12866

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ESPEY MANUFACTURING & ELECTRONICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k-33785_esp.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000003353300000335332025-03-112025-03-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D. C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report

March 11, 2025

ESPEY MFG & ELECTRONICS CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)

New York 001-04383 14-1387171

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

233 Ballston Avenue, Saratoga Springs, New York12866

(Address of principal executive offices)

(518)584-4100

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock $.33-1/3 par value ESP NYSE American

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

1

ITEM 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers;
Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On March 7, 2025, the Company entered into new
employment agreements with Jennifer Pickering, its Chief Human Resources Officer and Corporate Secretary and with Kaitlyn ONeil,
its Principal Financial Officer and Treasurer. The agreements will automatically renew annually unless either party gives notice at least
60 days prior to that date of an intention not to renew.

Each of the new employment agreements cover
the duties, exclusivity, place of employment and compensation and benefits offered to each officer. The agreements also
specify that if Ms. Pickering or Ms. ONeil are terminated without cause, or if they voluntarily terminate employment for
good reason, they are entitled to severance pay equal to 9 months of their base salary.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit 10.21 Executive Employment Agreement with Jennifer Pickering

Exhibit 10.22 Executive Employment Agreement with Kaitlyn ONeil

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 11, 2025 

ESPEY MFG. & ELECTRONICS CORP.

By: /s/ David ONeil

David ONeil

Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.21
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-21.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.21
<TEXT>
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of March 15,
2025 (the Agreement), is entered into by and between ESPEY MFG. & ELECTRONICS CORP., a New York corporation (the Company),
and Jennifer M. Pickering (the Executive).

WHEREAS, the Executive has been serving the Company
as its Corporate Secretary and Chief Human Resources Officer and the Board of Directors of the Company desires to continue the services
and employment of the Executive on behalf of the Company in such capacities, and the Executive is willing to continue her employment in
such capacities on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Employment).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.Employment Term. Except for earlier termination as provided for in Section 5 hereof, the Company hereby agrees to employ
the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to be employed by the Company, subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, for
the period commencing March 15, 2025 (the Effective Date) and ending on the first anniversary of such date (the Employment
Term); provided that the Employment Agreement shall be extended for additional periods of one year each, unless either party
gives prior written notice to the other at least sixty (60) days before the end of the then current term not electing to renew this Agreement.

2.Extent of Employment.

(a)Duties. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall serve as Corporate Secretary and Chief Human Resources Officer of
the Company. In her capacity as Corporate Secretary and Chief Human Resources Officer, the Executive shall report to the Companys
President and Chief Executive Officer (the CEO) and shall perform such senior executive duties, services, and responsibilities
on behalf of the Company consistent with such position as determined by the Board and as may be assigned to the Executive from time to
time by the CEO or the Companys Board of Directors (the Board).

(b)Exclusivity. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall devote her full business time, attention, and skill to the
performance of such duties, services, and responsibilities, and shall use her best efforts to promote the interests of the Company, and
the Executive shall not engage in any other business activity without the approval of the Board. The Board may grant or withhold its approval
in its exclusive discretion. The Executive may be permitted to serve, without compensation, on industry, trade, civic or charitable boards
or committees, and engage in charitable activities and community affairs to the extent such service and activities do not interfere with
her Employment.

(c)Place of Employment. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall perform her services hereunder in, and shall be headquartered
at, the principal offices of the Company in Saratoga Springs, New York, except for business travel related to business and activities
of the Company.

3.Compensation and Benefits.

(a)Base Salary. During the Employment Term, in full consideration of the performance by the Executive of the Executives
obligations hereunder (including but not limited to any services as an officer, employee, or member of any committee of any affiliate
of the Company, or otherwise on behalf of the Company), the Executive shall receive from the Company a base salary (the Base
Salary), payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company then in effect. The Base Salary shall be the
current base 

3

salary and subject to annual review by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board. Pursuant to such annual review
the Base Salary, as then currently in effect, may be adjusted (but not decreased), at the discretion of the Board.

(b)Annual Bonus. During the Employment Term, the Executive may also receive, in respect of each fiscal year during which the
Employment Term is in effect, a bonus, at the discretion of the Board, to be based upon, among other factors, her performance, the Companys
performance, and the recommendation of the CEO.

(c)Equity Compensation. The Executive shall be a participant in the Companys Employee Retirement Plan and Trust (ESOP)
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the ESOP. The Executive shall be entitled to the award of stock options or other stock-based
rights by the Board from time to time in its discretion.

(d)Benefits. During the Employment Term, the Executive and her eligible dependents shall be entitled to participate in the
employee health and benefit plans, policies, programs, and arrangements as may be amended from time to time, on the same terms as senior
executives of the Company to the extent the Executive meets the eligibility requirements for any such plan, policy, program, or arrangement.

(e)401(k) Retirement. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company 401(k) retirement
plan on the same terms as all other Company employees.

(f)Vacation. During the Employment Term, the Executive is entitled to unlimited vacation & personal time, which allows
for flexibility in taking time off. While there is no set limit on the number of vacation days, the Executive is expected to communicate
with the CEO and obtain approval in advance to ensure business continuity. Vacation time is not accrued as additional compensation.

(g)Expense Reimbursement. In addition to and not in lieu of any other payments to be made to the Executive hereunder, the Company
shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable and documented business expenses incurred by the Executive during the Employment Term in
accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies then in effect, including but not limited to all travel, lodging and
meal expenses in connection with Executives travel in connection with providing her services hereunder.

4.Withholding. The Executive shall be solely responsible for taxes imposed on the Executive by reason of any compensation
and benefits provided under this Agreement, during the Employment Term and thereafter. All such compensation and benefits shall be subject
to applicable withholding as determined by the Company and the Executive shall cooperate with the Company, as necessary, to enable the
Company to discharge its withholding obligations.

5.Termination.

(a)Events of Termination. The Executives employment with the Company and the Employment Term shall terminate upon the
expiration of the Employment Term or upon the earlier occurrence of any of the following events (the date of termination, the Termination
Date):

(i)The termination of employment by reason of the Executives death.

4

(ii)The termination of employment by the Company for Cause.

(iii)The termination of employment by the Company for Disability.

(iv)The termination of employment by the Company other than for Cause.

(v)The voluntary termination of employment by the Executive.

(b)Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

(i)Disability means: (A) the Executives disability as determined under the long-term disability
plan of the Company as in effect from time to time; or (B) if no such plan is in effect, the inability of the Executive to perform
her duties, services, and responsibilities hereunder by reason of a physical or mental infirmity, as reasonably determined by the Board,
for a total of 120 days in any twelve-month period during the Employment Term.

(ii)Cause means: as determined by the Board, (A) the failure of the Executive to perform her duties or
her negligent performance of such duties (other than any such failure due to the Executives physical or mental illness) that has
caused or is reasonably expected to result in injury to the Company or any of its affiliates; (B) the Executive having engaged
in misconduct that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in injury to the Company or any of its affiliates; (C) a violation
by the Executive of a Company policy that has caused or is reasonably expected to cause an injury to the Company; (D) the breach
by the Executive of any of her obligations under this Agreement; (E) failure by the Executive to timely comply with a lawful and
reasonable direction or instruction given to her by the CEO or the Board; or (F) Executive having been convicted of, or entering
a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime; provided however, notwithstanding the foregoing, that in the case of clauses
(A)-(E), before the Company shall have the right to terminate the Executive for Cause, (i) the Company shall first be required
to give the Executive 10 days prior written notice (the Notice Period) of such action, which written notice
(the Breach Notice) shall set forth in the nature of Executives alleged breach, and, if such action is capable
of being cured, the Executive shall not have cured such action to the satisfaction of the Company within the Notice Period; thereafter,
the termination shall take effect with no further action required of the Company.

(c)Cooperation. In the event of termination of the Executives employment for any reason (other than death), the Executive
shall cooperate with the Company and be available to the Company for a reasonable period of time thereafter with respect to matters arising
out of the Executives employment hereunder or related to the Companys business, whether such matters are business-related,
legal, or otherwise.

(d)Resignation from All Positions. Upon termination of the Executives employment for any reason, the Executive shall
be deemed to have resigned from all other positions with the Company including, without limitation, as an officer and director, as applicable.

6.Termination Payments. The Executive shall be entitled to certain payments upon termination of her employment as follows:

5

(a)Termination for Cause; Voluntary Termination by Executive. In the event that the Executives employment is terminated
for Cause or the Executive voluntarily terminates her employment, the Executive shall be entitled to receive only:(i) any
accrued and unpaid Base Salary as of the Termination Date; and (ii) all accrued and unpaid benefits under any benefit plans, policies,
programs, or arrangements in which the Executive participated as of the Termination Date in accordance with the applicable terms and conditions
of such plans, policies, programs, or arrangements (all of the foregoing, collectively, the Accrued Compensation). In
the event of termination for cause or voluntary termination by Executive there shall be no bonus payment, even if one has already been
awarded, but not yet paid.

(b)Termination for Death or Disability. In the event that the Executives employment is terminated pursuant to Section
5(a)(i) or 5(a)(iii) hereof, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Compensation.

(c)Termination without Cause. In the event that the Executives employment is terminated pursuant to Section 5(a)(iv)
hereof, the Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) the Accrued Compensation; (ii) any bonus, awarded but not yet paid;
and (iii) severance pay (Severance Pay) equal to nine months of Base Salary at the rate in effect on the Termination
Date. The severance pay contemplated by clause (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be paid in equal installments
in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices, commencing on the first payroll period following the thirtieth day after
the Termination Date. Severance Pay shall be paid only under this Section 6(c).

(d)Release. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Severance Pay or other benefits shall become payable
under Section 6(c) of this Agreement unless and until (i) the Executive executes a general release of claims substantially similar to
the form of release annexed hereto as Exhibit A, and such release has become irrevocable within 30 days following the Termination Date,
provided that the Executive shall not be required to release any indemnification rights that she may have under the Companys
Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws and (ii) the Executive fully complies with the Executive Covenants described in Section 7.

(e)Full Satisfaction. The payments to be provided to the Executive pursuant to this Section 6 upon termination of the Executives
employment shall constitute the exclusive payments in the nature of severance or termination pay or salary continuation that shall be
due to the Executive upon a termination of employment, and shall be in lieu of any other such payments under any plan, program, policy,
or other arrangement that has heretofore been or shall hereafter be established by the Company.

7.Executive Covenants.

(a)Confidentiality. The Executive agrees and understands that in the Executives position with the Company, the Executive
will be exposed to and will receive information relating to the confidential affairs of the Company, including but not limited to, information
regarding the Companys ownership, technical information, intellectual property, business and marketing plans, strategies, customer
information, other information concerning the products, promotions, development, financing, expansion plans, business policies and practices
of the Company, and other forms of information considered by the Company reasonably and in good faith to be confidential and in the nature
of trade secrets (Confidential Information). Confidential Information does not include information that is or becomes
widely available in any industry in which the Company does business other than 

6

as a result of any act or omission by the Executive in
violation of this Agreement or law. The Executive agrees that during the Employment Term and thereafter, the Executive shall not, other
than on behalf of the Company, disclose such Confidential Information, either directly or indirectly, to any third person or entity without
the prior written consent of the Company; provided that disclosure may be made to the extent required by law, regulation, or order
of a regulatory body, in each case so long as the Executive gives the Company as much advance notice of the disclosure as possible to
enable the Company to seek a protective order, confidential treatment, or other appropriate relief. This confidentiality covenant has
no temporal, geographical, or territorial restriction. Upon termination of the Employment Term, the Executive shall promptly supply to
the Company: (i) all property of the Company; and (ii) all notes, memoranda, writings, lists, files, reports, customer lists,
correspondence, tapes, disks, cards, surveys, maps, logs, machines, technical data, or any other tangible product or document containing
Confidential Information produced by, received by, or otherwise submitted to the Executive during or prior to the Employment Term.

Executive acknowledges that pursuant to
the Defend Trade Secrets Act, an individual may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for
the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or
indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or is made
in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Also, an individual who files
a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the
individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the individual files any document containing the trade secret
under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to Court order.

(b)Noncompetition. By and in consideration of the Company entering into this Agreement and the payments to be made and benefits
to be provided by the Company hereunder, and further in consideration of the Executives exposure to Confidential Information, the
Executive shall not, during the Noncompetition Term (as defined below), directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, join, control, be
employed by, or participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be connected in any manner with, including but not
limited to holding any position as a shareholder, director, officer, consultant, independent contractor, employee, partner, or investor
in, any Restricted Enterprise (as defined below); provided that in no event shall ownership of less than 1% of the outstanding
equity securities of any issuer whose securities are registered under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, standing alone,
be prohibited by this Section 7(b). Following termination of the Employment Term, upon request of the Company during the Noncompetition
Term, the Executive shall notify the Company of the Executives then-current employment status.

(c)Nonsolicitation. During the Noncompetition Term, the Executive shall not, and shall not cause any other person to: (i)
interfere with or harm, or attempt to interfere with or harm, the relationship of the Company with any Restricted Person (as defined
below); or (ii) endeavor to entice any Restricted Person away from the Company.

(d)Nondisparagement. During the Employment Term and thereafter, and accept as may be required by law, the Executive shall not
make or publish any disparaging statements (whether written or oral) regarding the Company, its officers, directors, employees or business,
except as shall be necessary for the Executive to enforce any agreements between the parties or to comply with any requirements or obligations
under law. In addition, during the Employment Term and thereafter, the Company will request that its directors and officers not make or
publish any disparaging statements (whether written or oral) regarding the Executive, except as may be necessary to comply with any requirements
or obligations under law.

7

(e)Proprietary Rights. The Executive assigns all of the Executives interest in any and all inventions, discoveries,
improvements, and patentable or copyrightable works initiated, conceived, or made by the Executive, either alone or in conjunction with
others, during the Employment Term and related to the business or activities of the Company to the Company or its nominee. Whenever requested
to do so by the Company, the Executive shall execute any and all applications, assignments, or other instruments that the Company in good
faith deems necessary to apply for and obtain trademarks, patents, or copyrights of the United States or any foreign country or otherwise
protect the interests of the Company therein. These obligations shall continue beyond the conclusion of the Employment Term and the Noncompetition
Term with respect to inventions, discoveries, improvements, or copyrightable works initiated, conceived, or made by the Executive during
the Employment Term.

(f)Remedies. The Executive agrees that any breach of the terms of this Section 7 would result in irreparable harm to the Company
for which the Company would have no adequate remedy at law; the Executive therefore also agrees that in the event of such breach or any
threat of breach, the Company shall be entitled to seek equitable relief to prevent such breach, threatened breach, or continued breach
by the Executive and any and all persons or entities acting for or with the Executive, in addition to any other remedies to which the
Company may be entitled at law or in equity including the recovery of reasonable attorneys fees. The terms of this Section 7 shall
not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including but not limited
to, the recovery of damages from the Executive including reasonable attorneys fees. The Executive and the Company further agree
that the provisions of the covenants contained in this Section 7 are reasonable and necessary to protect the business of the Company because
of the Executives access to Confidential Information and her material participation in the operation of such business. Should a
court, arbitrator, or other similar authority determine, however, that any provisions of the covenants contained in this Section 7 are
not reasonable or valid, either in period of time, geographical area, or otherwise, the parties hereto agree that such covenants are to
be interpreted and enforced to the maximum extent to which such court or arbitrator deems reasonable or valid. The existence of any claim
or cause of action by the Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense
to the enforcement by the Company of the covenants contained in this Section 7.

(g)Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

(i)The Noncompetition Term means the period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending nine (9)
months following the Termination Date.

(ii)Restricted Enterprise means any person, corporation, partnership, or other entity that is engaged in
the Territory with a business or product lines of the same or similar nature as those offered by the Company; For purposes of this definition,
product lines of the same or similar nature as those offered by the Company shall also include, at any date, potential new
product lines the development of which the Company has, during the 12 months preceding such date, devoted more than de minimis resources.

(iii)Restricted Person means any person who at any time during the two-year period prior to the Termination
Date, was an employee, consultant, independent 

8

contractor or customer of the Company, or otherwise had a material business relationship
with the Company.

(iv)The Territory means, the United States of America and other areas of the world where the Company conducts
business.

8.Representations by the Executive. The Executive represents to the Company that (i) her execution and performance of this
Agreement does not violate any agreement or obligation (whether or not written) that the Executive has with or to any person or entity
including, but not limited to, any prior employer, (ii) she is not subject to the terms of any noncompetition, non-solicitation or confidentiality
agreement with any prior employer, and (iii) she has not been convicted of, or entered a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a
crime that constitutes a felony in any jurisdiction (or comparable crime in any jurisdiction which uses a different nomenclature). In
the event of a determination by the Board that the Executive is in material breach of either of these representations, the Company may
terminate the Executives employment, and any such termination shall be considered a termination for Cause under Section 5(a)(ii).

9.No Waiver of Rights. The failure to enforce at any time the provisions of this Agreement or to require at any time performance
by any other party of any of the provisions hereof shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provisions or to affect either
the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof, or the right of any party to enforce each and every provision in accordance with its
terms.

10.Notices. Every notice relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by personal delivery, by a reputable
same-day or overnight courier service (charges prepaid), by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or
by facsimile to the recipient with a confirmation copy to follow the next day to be delivered by personal delivery or by a reputable same-day
or overnight courier service to the appropriate partys address or fax number below (or such other address and fax number as a party
may designate by notice to the other party):

If to the Executive: To the Executive at the address most recently contained in the Companys records.

If to the Company: Chief Executive Officer

Espey Mfg. & Electronics Corp.

233 Ballston Avenue

Saratoga Springs, New York 12866

11.Binding Effect/Assignment. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their
respective heirs, executors, personal representatives, estates, successors (including, without limitation, by way of merger), and permitted
assigns. Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence, the Executive shall not assign all or any portion of this
Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company.

12.Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, between them as to such subject matter including, without limitation.

13.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or any application thereof to any circumstances, is invalid, in whole
or in part, such provision or application shall to that extent be severable and shall not affect other provisions or applications of this
Agreement.

14.Governing Law; and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of New York, without reference to the principles of conflict of laws.

9

15.Modifications and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, altered, or amended except by an instrument in
writing executed by the parties hereto. No waiver by any party hereto of any breach by any other party hereto of any provision of this
Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions at the time or at any prior
or subsequent time.

16.Headings. The headings contained herein are solely for the purposes of reference, are not part of this Agreement, and shall
not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

17.Applicability of Section 409A of the Code.

(a)Generally. This Agreement is intended to comply with Sections 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and
the Treasury Regulations and IRS guidance thereunder (Section 409A). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this
Agreement shall, to the maximum extent possible, be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A.
If any provision of this Agreement provides for payment within a time period, the determination of when such payment shall be made within
such time period shall be solely in the discretion of the Company.

(b)Reimbursements. To the extent that any reimbursement, fringe or other in-kind benefit, or other, similar plan or arrangement
in which the Executive participates during the Employment Term or thereafter provides for a deferral of compensation within
the meaning of Section 409A: (i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement provided to the Executive during any calendar
year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to the Executive in any other calendar
year; (ii) the reimbursements for expenses for which the Executive is entitled to be reimbursed shall be made as soon as practicable
following the date on which such expenses were incurred and documented to the Company, but in no event later than the last day of the
calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable expense is incurred; (iii) the right to payment or reimbursement
or in-kind benefits hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit; and (iv) the reimbursements shall be made
pursuant to objectively determinable and nondiscretionary Company policies and procedures regarding such reimbursement of expenses.

(c)Termination Payments. If and to the extent required to comply with Section 409A, no payment or benefit required to be paid
under this Agreement on account of termination of the Executives employment shall be made unless and until the Executive incurs
a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. In addition, with respect to any payments or benefits subject
to Section 409A, reference to Executives termination of employment (and corollary terms) from the Company shall be
construed to refer to the Executives separation from service (as determined under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h),
as uniformly applied by the Company) from the Company and all entities aggregated with the Company under Section 409A. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A,
and if any or all of the payments or the continued provision of any benefits under Section 6 or any other provision of this Agreement
are subject to Section 409A and payable upon a separation from service, then such payments or benefits that the Executive would otherwise
be entitled to receive during the first six months after termination of employment shall be accumulated and paid or provided on the first
business day after the six-month anniversary of termination of employment (or within 30 days following the Executives death, 

10

if
earlier) in a single lump sum and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance
with the normal payment dates specified for them herein.

18.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

[Signature Page Follows]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Executive
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed effective as of the day and year first above written.

ESPEY MFG. & ELECTRONICS CORP.

By: 

Name: David A. ONeil

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE

Jennifer M. Pickering

Title: Corporate Secretary and Chief Human Resource Officer

12

EXHIBIT A

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE

This Separation Agreement and General Release
(hereinafter Release), signed by ______________ (hereinafter you or your) and in favor of Espey
Mfg. & Electronics Corp. (hereinafter the Company) is for the purpose of amicably and fully resolving any and all claims,
disputes and issues arising out of your employment at the Company and the termination of that employment.

As your employment with the Company terminated
on ____________ (your Termination Date), and

As you have agreed to provide this Release to
the Company in return for the consideration set forth herein;

Therefore, in consideration of the mutual covenants
and promises hereinafter provided and of the actions to be taken pursuant thereto, you agree as follows:

1.(a) 
You hereby accept the sums set forth in Section 1(b) below. Except as provided in said Section 1(b) and in Section 5 below,
you will not be entitled to any other compensation or benefits from the Company.

(b)(i) 
The Company will make severance payments to you in the gross aggregate amount of $____________, (representing nine months of your base
salary) less all withholdings and deductions required by law, to be paid according to your regular payroll cycle until fully paid.

(ii)The Company will commence making severance payments to you beginning on the first regular payroll after the thirtieth day following
your Termination Date.

(iii)To the extent any taxes may be due on the payments provided in this Agreement, beyond any withheld by the Company, you shall pay
them yourself and shall indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any tax claims or penalties resulting from such payments. You further
agree to provide the Company any and all information pertaining to you upon request as reasonably necessary for the Company and other
entities released herein to comply with applicable tax laws. You hereby acknowledge that the Company has not made any representations
regarding the tax consequences of the payments provided in this Release and that the Company has not provided you with any tax advice
regarding the payments provided in this Release, including without limitation advice on the treatment of the payments under Section 409A
of the Internal Revenue Code.

2.In exchange for the sums and benefits set forth above, you agree to release the Company, its subsidiaries, its affiliated and related
entities and their current and former shareholders, officers, directors, agents, employees, successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively
the Released Parties) from all claims, demands, actions, and liabilities, whether known or unknown (except as expressly
set forth in Section 4 below), you may have against them or any one of them in any way related to your employment at the Company and/or
the termination of that employment. By way of example, the types of claims that are covered under this Release include, but are not limited
to:

(a)all wrongful discharge claims, constructive discharge claims, claims relating to any contracts of employment,
expressed or implied, any covenants of good faith and fair dealing, expressed or implied, any personal wrongs or injuries and any claim
for attorneys fees;

(b)any claims that could be brought pursuant to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000-1 et seq., the
Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq., the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101
et seq., the Employee 

13

Retirement Income Security Act, 29 U.S.C. 1131 et seq., the Family and Medical Leave Act, 29
U.S.C. 2601 et seq. the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111L-2; the New York Human Rights Law, McKinneys
Executive Law 290, et seq., (all as may have been amended);

(c)any claims that could be brought under any other federal, state, county or municipal statute or ordinance dealing with (i) discrimination
in employment on the basis of sex, race, national origin, religion, disability, age, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation
or other reason; (ii) employee whistleblower protection; and (iii) employee family leave rights; and

(d)all other claims including those of which you are not aware and those not specifically mentioned in this Release.

3.(a) You agree that you will never sue or otherwise institute a claim of any kind against the Released Parties or any one of
them for anything that has happened up to now, whether such claim is presently known or unknown by you, in any way related to your
employment at the Company and/or the termination of that employment.

(b)If you breach the terms of this Release by suing the Company or the Companys personnel, you agree that you will pay all
costs and expenses incurred by the Company and the Companys personnel in defending against the suit, including reasonable attorneys
fees.

(c)Additionally, if you breach the terms of this Release, you agree that the Company shall have the right to immediately stop paying
the Severance Pay and/or if already paid, to obtain, by way of counterclaim or other lawful means, repayment of the full amount paid to
you as consideration for this Release.

4.Notwithstanding anything in this Release to the contrary, (a) this Release does not include any claims you may have with respect
to any medical, prescription, dental, flexible spending account, life insurance, retirement and savings or other benefits provided by
plans maintained by the Company to which you may be entitled, any rights that you may have under this Release, Companys Employee
Stock Ownership Plan or outstanding stock options granted to you by the Company, any rights to indemnification you may have under the
Companys Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws, or to any payments due you under this Release, and (b) nothing in this Release
is intended to prohibit or restrict you from: making any disclosure of information required by law or (i) filing a charge with, (ii) providing
information to, or (iii) testifying or otherwise assisting or participating in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any regulatory
or law enforcement agency or legislative body, including, but not limited to, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the National
Labor Relations Board; nevertheless, you acknowledge and agree that by virtue of this Release you have waived any relief available to
you (including without limitation, monetary damages, equitable relief and reinstatement) under any of the claims and/or causes of action
waived in this Release, and you therefore agree you will not accept any award or settlement from any source or proceeding (including but
not limited to any proceeding brought by any other person or by any government agency) with respect to any claim or right waived in this
Release.

5.You agree that you have executed this Release on your own behalf and also on behalf of any heirs, agents, representatives, successors
and assigns that you may have now or in the future.

6.You acknowledge and agree that the benefits provided herein exceed any amount to which you would otherwise be presently entitled
under the Companys policies, procedures and 

14

benefit programs and/or under any applicable law without providing this Release, and
constitute valuable consideration for this Release.

7.You acknowledge that, by requesting this Release, the Company does not admit, expressly or implicitly, that it has engaged in any
wrongdoing whatsoever.

8.(a) You hereby acknowledge and agree that Section 7 of your Employment Agreement dated ____________, 2025, which contains various
covenants as to Confidential Information, non-competition and non-solicitation shall remain in full force and effect according to its
terms.

(b)You further acknowledge and represent that you have returned to the Company all Confidential Information (including copies), all
other documents, and all tangible property of the Company, including, but not limited to, keys, credit cards, cell phones, computers and
other electronic equipment.

9.You and the Company agree that neither you nor the Company will make any statements, orally or in writing (including electronic
communications), that disparage the business reputation or good will of the Released Parties or any one of them or of you.

10.You agree to keep both the existence and the terms of this Release completely confidential, except that you may discuss this Release
with your attorney, accountant or other tax professional, and your spouse, and (b) to the extent necessary to enforce your rights hereunder.

11.You acknowledge that you have been advised of the following:

(a)you have the right to and should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release;

(b)you have 21 days to decide whether to sign this Release and deliver it to, ________________ at the Companys offices,
233 Ballston Avenue, Saratoga Springs, New York 12866.

(c)if you sign this Release, you have up to 7 days to revoke it and the Release will not become effective until this 7-day
period has expired;

12.This Release is not effective or enforceable for 7 days after you sign it and you may revoke it during that time. To revoke, a
written notice of revocation must be delivered to, ________________ at the Companys offices at the above address, within 7 days
after you sign this Release. The revocation must be:

(a)sent by certified mail within the 7-day period; and

(b)properly addressed to ________________________ at the above address.

If ____________ does not receive a written verification
in accordance with the foregoing terms, you will not be able to rescind this Release.

13.You agree that this Release contains the entire agreement of the parties and that this Release cannot be amended, modified, or
supplemented in any respect except by the written agreement of both parties.

14.You agree that if any term or provision of this Release or the application thereof to any alleged claim or party or circumstances,
shall to any extent be determined to be invalid, void, or 

15

unenforceable, the remaining provisions and any application thereof shall nevertheless
continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way. The parties further agree to replace any such void
or unenforceable provision of this Release with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic,
business or other purposes of the void or unenforceable provision.

15.You agree that this Release shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any conflicts of law
principles.

16.This Agreement will not become effective until the expiration of the 7-day revocation period set forth in paragraph 12 above.

17.You hereby acknowledge that you have read this Release in its entirety, understand fully the meaning and significance of all
its terms, and hereby voluntarily and knowingly agree to accept all of its terms. You further acknowledge that you have not relied on
any representations, promises, or agreements of any kind made to you in connection with your decision to sign this Release except for
the agreements set forth in the Release.

________________________

Date:

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.22
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-22.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.22
<TEXT>
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of March 15,
2025 (the Agreement), is entered into by and between ESPEY MFG. & ELECTRONICS CORP., a New York corporation (the Company),
and Kaitlyn ONeil (the Executive).

WHEREAS, the Executive has been serving the Company
as its Treasurer and Principal Financial Officer and the Board of Directors of the Company desires to continue the services and employment
of the Executive on behalf of the Company in such capacities, and the Executive is willing to continue her employment in such capacities
on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Employment).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.Employment Term. Except for earlier termination as provided for in Section 5 hereof, the Company hereby agrees to employ
the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to be employed by the Company, subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, for
the period commencing March 15, 2025 (the Effective Date) and ending on the first anniversary of such date (the Employment
Term); provided that the Employment Agreement shall be extended for additional periods of one year each, unless either party
gives prior written notice to the other at least sixty (60) days before the end of the then current term not electing to renew this Agreement.

2.Extent of Employment.

(a)Duties. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall serve as Treasurer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company.
In her capacity as Treasurer and Principal Financial Officer, the Executive shall report to the Companys President and Chief Executive
Officer (the CEO) and shall perform such senior executive duties, services, and responsibilities on behalf of the
Company consistent with such position as determined by the Board and as may be assigned to the Executive from time to time by the CEO
or the Companys Board of Directors (the Board).

(b)Exclusivity. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall devote her full business time, attention, and skill to the
performance of such duties, services, and responsibilities, and shall use her best efforts to promote the interests of the Company, and
the Executive shall not engage in any other business activity without the approval of the Board. The Board may grant or withhold its approval
in its exclusive discretion. The Executive may be permitted to serve, without compensation, on industry, trade, civic or charitable boards
or committees, and engage in charitable activities and community affairs to the extent such service and activities do not interfere with
her Employment.

(c)Place of Employment. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall perform her services hereunder in, and shall be headquartered
at, the principal offices of the Company in Saratoga Springs, New York, except for business travel related to business and activities
of the Company.

3.Compensation and Benefits.

(a)Base Salary. During the Employment Term, in full consideration of the performance by the Executive of the Executives
obligations hereunder (including but not limited to any services as an officer, employee, or member of any committee of any affiliate
of the Company, or otherwise on behalf of the Company), the Executive shall receive from the Company a base salary (the Base
Salary), payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company then in effect. The Base Salary shall be the
current base 

17

salary and subject to annual review by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board. Pursuant to such annual review
the Base Salary, as then currently in effect, may be adjusted (but not decreased), at the discretion of the Board.

(b)Annual Bonus. During the Employment Term, the Executive may also receive, in respect of each fiscal year during which the
Employment Term is in effect, a bonus, at the discretion of the Board, to be based upon, among other factors, her performance, the Companys
performance, and the recommendation of the CEO.

(c)Equity Compensation. The Executive shall be a participant in the Companys Employee Retirement Plan and Trust (ESOP)
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the ESOP. The Executive shall be entitled to the award of stock options or other stock-based
rights by the Board from time to time in its discretion.

(d)Benefits. During the Employment Term, the Executive and her eligible dependents shall be entitled to participate in the
employee health and benefit plans, policies, programs, and arrangements as may be amended from time to time, on the same terms as senior
executives of the Company to the extent the Executive meets the eligibility requirements for any such plan, policy, program, or arrangement.

(e)401(k) Retirement. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company 401(k) retirement
plan on the same terms as all other Company employees.

(f)Vacation. During the Employment Term, the Executive is entitled to unlimited vacation & personal time, which allows
for flexibility in taking time off. While there is no set limit on the number of vacation days, the Executive is expected to communicate
with the CEO and obtain approval in advance to ensure business continuity. Vacation time is not accrued as additional compensation.

(g)Expense Reimbursement. In addition to and not in lieu of any other payments to be made to the Executive hereunder, the Company
shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable and documented business expenses incurred by the Executive during the Employment Term in
accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies then in effect, including but not limited to all travel, lodging and
meal expenses in connection with Executives travel in connection with providing her services hereunder.

4.Withholding. The Executive shall be solely responsible for taxes imposed on the Executive by reason of any compensation
and benefits provided under this Agreement, during the Employment Term and thereafter. All such compensation and benefits shall be subject
to applicable withholding as determined by the Company and the Executive shall cooperate with the Company, as necessary, to enable the
Company to discharge its withholding obligations.

5.Termination.

(a)Events of Termination. The Executives employment with the Company and the Employment Term shall terminate upon the
expiration of the Employment Term or upon the earlier occurrence of any of the following events (the date of termination, the Termination
Date):

(i)The termination of employment by reason of the Executives death.

18

(ii)The termination of employment by the Company for Cause.

(iii)The termination of employment by the Company for Disability.

(iv)The termination of employment by the Company other than for Cause.

(v)The voluntary termination of employment by the Executive.

(b)Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

(i)Disability means: (A) the Executives disability as determined under the long-term disability
plan of the Company as in effect from time to time; or (B) if no such plan is in effect, the inability of the Executive to perform
her duties, services, and responsibilities hereunder by reason of a physical or mental infirmity, as reasonably determined by the Board,
for a total of 120 days in any twelve-month period during the Employment Term.

(ii)Cause means: as determined by the Board, (A) the failure of the Executive to perform her duties or
her negligent performance of such duties (other than any such failure due to the Executives physical or mental illness) that has
caused or is reasonably expected to result in injury to the Company or any of its affiliates; (B) the Executive having engaged
in misconduct that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in injury to the Company or any of its affiliates; (C) a violation
by the Executive of a Company policy that has caused or is reasonably expected to cause an injury to the Company; (D) the breach
by the Executive of any of her obligations under this Agreement; (E) failure by the Executive to timely comply with a lawful and
reasonable direction or instruction given to her by the CEO or the Board; or (F) Executive having been convicted of, or entering
a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime; provided however, notwithstanding the foregoing, that in the case of clauses
(A)-(E), before the Company shall have the right to terminate the Executive for Cause, (i) the Company shall first be required
to give the Executive 10 days prior written notice (the Notice Period) of such action, which written notice
(the Breach Notice) shall set forth in the nature of Executives alleged breach, and, if such action is capable
of being cured, the Executive shall not have cured such action to the satisfaction of the Company within the Notice Period; thereafter,
the termination shall take effect with no further action required of the Company.

(c)Cooperation. In the event of termination of the Executives employment for any reason (other than death), the Executive
shall cooperate with the Company and be available to the Company for a reasonable period of time thereafter with respect to matters arising
out of the Executives employment hereunder or related to the Companys business, whether such matters are business-related,
legal, or otherwise.

(d)Resignation from All Positions. Upon termination of the Executives employment for any reason, the Executive shall
be deemed to have resigned from all other positions with the Company including, without limitation, as an officer and director, as applicable.

6.Termination Payments. The Executive shall be entitled to certain payments upon termination of her employment as follows:

19

(a)Termination for Cause; Voluntary Termination by Executive. In the event that the Executives employment is terminated
for Cause or the Executive voluntarily terminates her employment, the Executive shall be entitled to receive only:(i) any
accrued and unpaid Base Salary as of the Termination Date; and (ii) all accrued and unpaid benefits under any benefit plans, policies,
programs, or arrangements in which the Executive participated as of the Termination Date in accordance with the applicable terms and conditions
of such plans, policies, programs, or arrangements (all of the foregoing, collectively, the Accrued Compensation). In
the event of termination for cause or voluntary termination by Executive there shall be no bonus payment, even if one has already been
awarded, but not yet paid.

(b)Termination for Death or Disability. In the event that the Executives employment is terminated pursuant to Section
5(a)(i) or 5(a)(iii) hereof, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Compensation.

(c)Termination without Cause. In the event that the Executives employment is terminated pursuant to Section 5(a)(iv)
hereof, the Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) the Accrued Compensation; (ii) any bonus, awarded but not yet paid;
and (iii) severance pay (Severance Pay) equal to nine months of Base Salary at the rate in effect on the Termination
Date. The severance pay contemplated by clause (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be paid in equal installments
in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices, commencing on the first payroll period following the thirtieth day after
the Termination Date. Severance Pay shall be paid only under this Section 6(c).

(d)Release. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Severance Pay or other benefits shall become payable
under Section 6(c) of this Agreement unless and until (i) the Executive executes a general release of claims substantially similar to
the form of release annexed hereto as Exhibit A, and such release has become irrevocable within 30 days following the Termination Date,
provided that the Executive shall not be required to release any indemnification rights that she may have under the Companys
Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws and (ii) the Executive fully complies with the Executive Covenants described in Section 7.

(e)Full Satisfaction. The payments to be provided to the Executive pursuant to this Section 6 upon termination of the Executives
employment shall constitute the exclusive payments in the nature of severance or termination pay or salary continuation that shall be
due to the Executive upon a termination of employment, and shall be in lieu of any other such payments under any plan, program, policy,
or other arrangement that has heretofore been or shall hereafter be established by the Company.

7.Executive Covenants.

(a)Confidentiality. The Executive agrees and understands that in the Executives position with the Company, the Executive
will be exposed to and will receive information relating to the confidential affairs of the Company, including but not limited to, information
regarding the Companys ownership, technical information, intellectual property, business and marketing plans, strategies, customer
information, other information concerning the products, promotions, development, financing, expansion plans, business policies and practices
of the Company, and other forms of information considered by the Company reasonably and in good faith to be confidential and in the nature
of trade secrets (Confidential Information). Confidential Information does not include information that is or becomes
widely available in any industry in which the Company does business other than 

20

as a result of any act or omission by the Executive in
violation of this Agreement or law. The Executive agrees that during the Employment Term and thereafter, the Executive shall not, other
than on behalf of the Company, disclose such Confidential Information, either directly or indirectly, to any third person or entity without
the prior written consent of the Company; provided that disclosure may be made to the extent required by law, regulation, or order
of a regulatory body, in each case so long as the Executive gives the Company as much advance notice of the disclosure as possible to
enable the Company to seek a protective order, confidential treatment, or other appropriate relief. This confidentiality covenant has
no temporal, geographical, or territorial restriction. Upon termination of the Employment Term, the Executive shall promptly supply to
the Company: (i) all property of the Company; and (ii) all notes, memoranda, writings, lists, files, reports, customer lists,
correspondence, tapes, disks, cards, surveys, maps, logs, machines, technical data, or any other tangible product or document containing
Confidential Information produced by, received by, or otherwise submitted to the Executive during or prior to the Employment Term.

Executive acknowledges that pursuant to
the Defend Trade Secrets Act, an individual may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for
the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or
indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or is made
in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Also, an individual who files
a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the
individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the individual files any document containing the trade secret
under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to Court order.

(b)Noncompetition. By and in consideration of the Company entering into this Agreement and the payments to be made and benefits
to be provided by the Company hereunder, and further in consideration of the Executives exposure to Confidential Information, the
Executive shall not, during the Noncompetition Term (as defined below), directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, join, control, be
employed by, or participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be connected in any manner with, including but not
limited to holding any position as a shareholder, director, officer, consultant, independent contractor, employee, partner, or investor
in, any Restricted Enterprise (as defined below); provided that in no event shall ownership of less than 1% of the outstanding
equity securities of any issuer whose securities are registered under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, standing alone,
be prohibited by this Section 7(b). Following termination of the Employment Term, upon request of the Company during the Noncompetition
Term, the Executive shall notify the Company of the Executives then-current employment status.

(c)Nonsolicitation. During the Noncompetition Term, the Executive shall not, and shall not cause any other person to: (i)
interfere with or harm, or attempt to interfere with or harm, the relationship of the Company with any Restricted Person (as defined
below); or (ii) endeavor to entice any Restricted Person away from the Company.

(d)Nondisparagement. During the Employment Term and thereafter, and accept as may be required by law, the Executive shall not
make or publish any disparaging statements (whether written or oral) regarding the Company, its officers, directors, employees or business,
except as shall be necessary for the Executive to enforce any agreements between the parties or to comply with any requirements or obligations
under law. In addition, during the Employment Term and thereafter, the Company will request that its directors and officers not make or
publish any disparaging statements (whether written or oral) regarding the Executive, except as may be necessary to comply with any requirements
or obligations under law.

21

(e)Proprietary Rights. The Executive assigns all of the Executives interest in any and all inventions, discoveries,
improvements, and patentable or copyrightable works initiated, conceived, or made by the Executive, either alone or in conjunction with
others, during the Employment Term and related to the business or activities of the Company to the Company or its nominee. Whenever requested
to do so by the Company, the Executive shall execute any and all applications, assignments, or other instruments that the Company in good
faith deems necessary to apply for and obtain trademarks, patents, or copyrights of the United States or any foreign country or otherwise
protect the interests of the Company therein. These obligations shall continue beyond the conclusion of the Employment Term and the Noncompetition
Term with respect to inventions, discoveries, improvements, or copyrightable works initiated, conceived, or made by the Executive during
the Employment Term.

(f)Remedies. The Executive agrees that any breach of the terms of this Section 7 would result in irreparable harm to the Company
for which the Company would have no adequate remedy at law; the Executive therefore also agrees that in the event of such breach or any
threat of breach, the Company shall be entitled to seek equitable relief to prevent such breach, threatened breach, or continued breach
by the Executive and any and all persons or entities acting for or with the Executive, in addition to any other remedies to which the
Company may be entitled at law or in equity including the recovery of reasonable attorneys fees. The terms of this Section 7 shall
not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including but not limited
to, the recovery of damages from the Executive including reasonable attorneys fees. The Executive and the Company further agree
that the provisions of the covenants contained in this Section 7 are reasonable and necessary to protect the business of the Company because
of the Executives access to Confidential Information and her material participation in the operation of such business. Should a
court, arbitrator, or other similar authority determine, however, that any provisions of the covenants contained in this Section 7 are
not reasonable or valid, either in period of time, geographical area, or otherwise, the parties hereto agree that such covenants are to
be interpreted and enforced to the maximum extent to which such court or arbitrator deems reasonable or valid. The existence of any claim
or cause of action by the Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense
to the enforcement by the Company of the covenants contained in this Section 7.

(g)Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

(i)The Noncompetition Term means the period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending nine (9)
months following the Termination Date.

(ii)Restricted Enterprise means any person, corporation, partnership, or other entity that is engaged in
the Territory with a business or product lines of the same or similar nature as those offered by the Company; For purposes of this definition,
product lines of the same or similar nature as those offered by the Company shall also include, at any date, potential new
product lines the development of which the Company has, during the 12 months preceding such date, devoted more than de minimis resources.

(iii)Restricted Person means any person who at any time during the two-year period prior to the Termination
Date, was an employee, consultant, independent 

22

contractor or customer of the Company, or otherwise had a material business relationship
with the Company.

(iv)The Territory means, the United States of America and other areas of the world where the Company conducts
business.

8.Representations by the Executive. The Executive represents to the Company that (i) her execution and performance of this
Agreement does not violate any agreement or obligation (whether or not written) that the Executive has with or to any person or entity
including, but not limited to, any prior employer, (ii) she is not subject to the terms of any noncompetition, non-solicitation or confidentiality
agreement with any prior employer, and (iii) she has not been convicted of, or entered a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a
crime that constitutes a felony in any jurisdiction (or comparable crime in any jurisdiction which uses a different nomenclature). In
the event of a determination by the Board that the Executive is in material breach of either of these representations, the Company may
terminate the Executives employment, and any such termination shall be considered a termination for Cause under Section 5(a)(ii).

9.No Waiver of Rights. The failure to enforce at any time the provisions of this Agreement or to require at any time performance
by any other party of any of the provisions hereof shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provisions or to affect either
the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof, or the right of any party to enforce each and every provision in accordance with its
terms.

10.Notices. Every notice relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by personal delivery, by a reputable
same-day or overnight courier service (charges prepaid), by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or
by facsimile to the recipient with a confirmation copy to follow the next day to be delivered by personal delivery or by a reputable same-day
or overnight courier service to the appropriate partys address or fax number below (or such other address and fax number as a party
may designate by notice to the other party):

If to the Executive: To the Executive at the address most recently contained in the Companys records.

If to the Company: Chief Executive Officer

Espey Mfg. & Electronics Corp.

233 Ballston Avenue

Saratoga Springs, New York 12866

11.Binding Effect/Assignment. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their
respective heirs, executors, personal representatives, estates, successors (including, without limitation, by way of merger), and permitted
assigns. Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence, the Executive shall not assign all or any portion of this
Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company.

12.Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, between them as to such subject matter including, without limitation.

13.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or any application thereof to any circumstances, is invalid, in whole
or in part, such provision or application shall to that extent be severable and shall not affect other provisions or applications of this
Agreement.

14.Governing Law; and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of New York, without reference to the principles of conflict of laws.

23

15.Modifications and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, altered, or amended except by an instrument in
writing executed by the parties hereto. No waiver by any party hereto of any breach by any other party hereto of any provision of this
Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions at the time or at any prior
or subsequent time.

16.Headings. The headings contained herein are solely for the purposes of reference, are not part of this Agreement, and shall
not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

17.Applicability of Section 409A of the Code.

(a)Generally. This Agreement is intended to comply with Sections 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and
the Treasury Regulations and IRS guidance thereunder (Section 409A). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this
Agreement shall, to the maximum extent possible, be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A.
If any provision of this Agreement provides for payment within a time period, the determination of when such payment shall be made within
such time period shall be solely in the discretion of the Company.

(b)Reimbursements. To the extent that any reimbursement, fringe or other in-kind benefit, or other, similar plan or arrangement
in which the Executive participates during the Employment Term or thereafter provides for a deferral of compensation within
the meaning of Section 409A: (i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement provided to the Executive during any calendar
year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to the Executive in any other calendar
year; (ii) the reimbursements for expenses for which the Executive is entitled to be reimbursed shall be made as soon as practicable
following the date on which such expenses were incurred and documented to the Company, but in no event later than the last day of the
calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable expense is incurred; (iii) the right to payment or reimbursement
or in-kind benefits hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit; and (iv) the reimbursements shall be made
pursuant to objectively determinable and nondiscretionary Company policies and procedures regarding such reimbursement of expenses.

(c)Termination Payments. If and to the extent required to comply with Section 409A, no payment or benefit required to be paid
under this Agreement on account of termination of the Executives employment shall be made unless and until the Executive incurs
a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. In addition, with respect to any payments or benefits subject
to Section 409A, reference to Executives termination of employment (and corollary terms) from the Company shall be
construed to refer to the Executives separation from service (as determined under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h),
as uniformly applied by the Company) from the Company and all entities aggregated with the Company under Section 409A. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A,
and if any or all of the payments or the continued provision of any benefits under Section 6 or any other provision of this Agreement
are subject to Section 409A and payable upon a separation from service, then such payments or benefits that the Executive would otherwise
be entitled to receive during the first six months after termination of employment shall be accumulated and paid or provided on the first
business day after the six-month anniversary of termination of employment (or within 30 days following the Executives death, 

24

if
earlier) in a single lump sum and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance
with the normal payment dates specified for them herein.

18.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

[Signature Page Follows]

25

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Executive
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed effective as of the day and year first above written.

ESPEY MFG. & ELECTRONICS CORP.

By: 

Name: David A. ONeil

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE

Kaitlyn ONeil

Title: Treasurer and Principal Financial Officer

26

EXHIBIT A

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE

This Separation Agreement and General Release
(hereinafter Release), signed by ______________ (hereinafter you or your) and in favor of Espey
Mfg. & Electronics Corp. (hereinafter the Company) is for the purpose of amicably and fully resolving any and all claims,
disputes and issues arising out of your employment at the Company and the termination of that employment.

As your employment with the Company terminated
on ____________ (your Termination Date), and

As you have agreed to provide this Release to
the Company in return for the consideration set forth herein;

Therefore, in consideration of the mutual covenants
and promises hereinafter provided and of the actions to be taken pursuant thereto, you agree as follows:

1.(a) You hereby accept the sums set forth in Section 1(b) below. Except as provided in said Section 1(b) and in Section 5 below,
you will not be entitled to any other compensation or benefits from the Company.

(b)(i) The Company will make severance payments to you in the gross aggregate amount of $____________, (representing nine months
of your base salary) less all withholdings and deductions required by law, to be paid according to your regular payroll cycle until fully
paid.

(ii)The Company will commence making severance payments to you beginning on the first regular payroll after the thirtieth day following
your Termination Date.

(iii)To the extent any taxes may be due on the payments provided in this Agreement, beyond any withheld by the Company, you shall pay
them yourself and shall indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any tax claims or penalties resulting from such payments. You further
agree to provide the Company any and all information pertaining to you upon request as reasonably necessary for the Company and other
entities released herein to comply with applicable tax laws. You hereby acknowledge that the Company has not made any representations
regarding the tax consequences of the payments provided in this Release and that the Company has not provided you with any tax advice
regarding the payments provided in this Release, including without limitation advice on the treatment of the payments under Section 409A
of the Internal Revenue Code.

2.In exchange for the sums and benefits set forth above, you agree to release the Company, its subsidiaries, its affiliated and related
entities and their current and former shareholders, officers, directors, agents, employees, successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively
the Released Parties) from all claims, demands, actions, and liabilities, whether known or unknown (except as expressly
set forth in Section 4 below), you may have against them or any one of them in any way related to your employment at the Company and/or
the termination of that employment. By way of example, the types of claims that are covered under this Release include, but are not limited
to:

(a)all wrongful discharge claims, constructive discharge claims, claims relating to any contracts of employment,
expressed or implied, any covenants of good faith and fair dealing, expressed or implied, any personal wrongs or injuries and any claim
for attorneys fees;

(b)any claims that could be brought pursuant to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000-1 et seq., the
Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq., the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101
et seq., the Employee 

27

Retirement Income Security Act, 29 U.S.C. 1131 et seq., the Family and Medical Leave Act, 29
U.S.C. 2601 et seq. the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111L-2; the New York Human Rights Law, McKinneys
Executive Law 290, et seq., (all as may have been amended);

(c)any claims that could be brought under any other federal, state, county or municipal statute or ordinance dealing with (i) discrimination
in employment on the basis of sex, race, national origin, religion, disability, age, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation
or other reason; (ii) employee whistleblower protection; and (iii) employee family leave rights; and

(d)all other claims including those of which you are not aware and those not specifically mentioned in this Release.

3.(a) You
agree that you will never sue or otherwise institute a claim of any kind against the Released Parties or any one of them for
anything that has happened up to now, whether such claim is presently known or unknown by you, in any way related to your
employment at the Company and/or the termination of that employment.

(b)If you breach the terms of this Release by suing the Company or the Companys personnel, you agree that you will pay all
costs and expenses incurred by the Company and the Companys personnel in defending against the suit, including reasonable attorneys
fees.

(c)Additionally, if you breach the terms of this Release, you agree that the Company shall have the right to immediately stop paying
the Severance Pay and/or if already paid, to obtain, by way of counterclaim or other lawful means, repayment of the full amount paid to
you as consideration for this Release.

4.Notwithstanding anything in this Release to the contrary, (a) this Release does not include any claims you may have with respect
to any medical, prescription, dental, flexible spending account, life insurance, retirement and savings or other benefits provided by
plans maintained by the Company to which you may be entitled, any rights that you may have under this Release, Companys Employee
Stock Ownership Plan or outstanding stock options granted to you by the Company, any rights to indemnification you may have under the
Companys Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws, or to any payments due you under this Release, and (b) nothing in this Release
is intended to prohibit or restrict you from: making any disclosure of information required by law or (i) filing a charge with, (ii) providing
information to, or (iii) testifying or otherwise assisting or participating in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any regulatory
or law enforcement agency or legislative body, including, but not limited to, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the National
Labor Relations Board; nevertheless, you acknowledge and agree that by virtue of this Release you have waived any relief available to
you (including without limitation, monetary damages, equitable relief and reinstatement) under any of the claims and/or causes of action
waived in this Release, and you therefore agree you will not accept any award or settlement from any source or proceeding (including but
not limited to any proceeding brought by any other person or by any government agency) with respect to any claim or right waived in this
Release.

5.You agree that you have executed this Release on your own behalf and also on behalf of any heirs, agents, representatives, successors
and assigns that you may have now or in the future.

6.You acknowledge and agree that the benefits provided herein exceed any amount to which you would otherwise be presently entitled
under the Companys policies, procedures and 

28

benefit programs and/or under any applicable law without providing this Release, and
constitute valuable consideration for this Release.

7.You acknowledge that, by requesting this Release, the Company does not admit, expressly or implicitly, that it has engaged in any
wrongdoing whatsoever.

8.(a) You hereby acknowledge and agree that Section 7 of your Employment Agreement dated ____________, 2025, which contains various
covenants as to Confidential Information, non-competition and non-solicitation shall remain in full force and effect according to its
terms.

(b)You further acknowledge and represent that you have returned to the Company all Confidential Information (including copies), all
other documents, and all tangible property of the Company, including, but not limited to, keys, credit cards, cell phones, computers and
other electronic equipment.

9.You and the Company agree that neither you nor the Company will make any statements, orally or in writing (including electronic
communications), that disparage the business reputation or good will of the Released Parties or any one of them or of you.

10.You agree to keep both the existence and the terms of this Release completely confidential, except that you may discuss this Release
with your attorney, accountant or other tax professional, and your spouse, and (b) to the extent necessary to enforce your rights hereunder.

11.You acknowledge that you have been advised of the following:

(a)you have the right to and should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release;

(b)you have 21 days to decide whether to sign this Release and deliver it to, ________________ at the Companys offices,
233 Ballston Avenue, Saratoga Springs, New York 12866.

(c)if you sign this Release, you have up to 7 days to revoke it and the Release will not become effective until this 7-day
period has expired;

12.This Release is not effective or enforceable for 7 days after you sign it and you may revoke it during that time. To revoke, a
written notice of revocation must be delivered to, ________________ at the Companys offices at the above address, within 7 days
after you sign this Release. The revocation must be:

(a)sent by certified mail within the 7-day period; and

(b)properly addressed to ________________________ at the above address.

If ____________ does not receive a written verification
in accordance with the foregoing terms, you will not be able to rescind this Release.

13.You agree that this Release contains the entire agreement of the parties and that this Release cannot be amended, modified, or
supplemented in any respect except by the written agreement of both parties.

14.You agree that if any term or provision of this Release or the application thereof to any alleged claim or party or circumstances,
shall to any extent be determined to be invalid, void, or 

29

unenforceable, the remaining provisions and any application thereof shall nevertheless
continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way. The parties further agree to replace any such void
or unenforceable provision of this Release with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic,
business or other purposes of the void or unenforceable provision.

15.You agree that this Release shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any conflicts of law
principles.

16.This Agreement will not become effective until the expiration of the 7-day revocation period set forth in paragraph 12 above.

17.You hereby acknowledge that you have read this Release in its entirety, understand fully the meaning and significance of all
its terms, and hereby voluntarily and knowingly agree to accept all of its terms. You further acknowledge that you have not relied on
any representations, promises, or agreements of any kind made to you in connection with your decision to sign this Release except for
the agreements set forth in the Release.

_________________________

Date:

30
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>esp-20250311.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>esp-20250311_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>esp-20250311_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-04383

Entity Registrant Name ESPEY MFG & ELECTRONICS CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0000033533

Entity Tax Identification Number 14-1387171

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NY

Entity Address, Address Line One 233 Ballston Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Saratoga Springs

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 12866

City Area Code (518)

Local Phone Number 584-4100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock $.33-1/3 par value

Trading Symbol ESP

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Not Applicable

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://espey.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

esp-20250311.xsd 
esp-20250311_lab.xml 
esp-20250311_pre.xml 
form8k-33785_esp.htm 

image_001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001174947-25-000312-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8k-33785_esp_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000033533 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000033533 
8-K 
2025-03-11 
ESPEY MFG & ELECTRONICS CORP. 
NY 
001-04383 
14-1387171 
233 Ballston Avenue 
Saratoga Springs 
NY 
12866 
(518) 
584-4100 
Not Applicable 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock $.33-1/3 par value 
ESP 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>