<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001079973-25-000324.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0001079973-25-000324.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226163124
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-25-000324
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oncology Institute, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001799191
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-OFFICES & CLINICS OF DOCTORS OF MEDICINE [8011]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				843562323
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39248
		FILM NUMBER:		25670653

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18000 STUDEBAKER RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			CERRITOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		562-735-3226

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18000 STUDEBAKER RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			CERRITOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DFP HEALTHCARE ACQUISITIONS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200108
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>toi_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Current Report

false000179919100017991912025-02-262025-02-260001799191TOI:CommonStockParValue0.0001Member2025-02-262025-02-260001799191TOI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-02-262025-02-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

___________________________________

Form 8-K

__________________________________________________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) February
26, 2025

___________________________________

THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

___________________________________

Delaware 001-39248 84-3562323

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

18000 Studebaker Road, Suite 800, Cerritos, CA 90703

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (562)735-3226

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 TOI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share TOIIW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. .

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 26, 2025, The Oncology Institute,
Inc. (the Company), the other loan parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Deerfield Partners, L.P. (the Agent),
entered into that certain Limited Consent and Amendment No. 1 to Facility Agreement (the Consent and Amendment), which amends
the Companys existing Facility Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2022, by and among the Company, the other loan parties party thereto
from time to time, the lenders party thereto from time to time, and the Agent (as amended, the Facility Agreement).

The Consent and Amendment, among other things,
provides for (i) lenders consents to the waiver of certain restrictions imposed by the Facility Agreement regarding the issuance
and sale of the Companys equity and equity-linked securities, (ii) the removal of the financial covenant that required the Company
to hold at least $40,000,000 of cash or cash equivalents in accounts that are subject to control agreements in favor of the Agent, and
(iii) amendment and restatement of the Companys financial reporting covenant under the Facility Agreement in its entirety.

In connection with the Consent and Amendment, the
Company made a partial prepayment of the senior secured convertible notes issued pursuant to the Facility Agreement in an aggregate principal
amount of approximately $20,000,000, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

The foregoing summary of the Consent and Amendment
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Consent and Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On February 26, 2025, the Company issued a
press release announcing the transaction and the entry into the Consent and Amendment as described above. A copy of the press release
is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information included in this Current Report on
Form 8-K under this Item 7.01 (including Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall
it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing made by the Company under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit Description

10.1 

Limited Consent and Amendment No. 1 to Facility Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2025, by and among The Oncology Institute, Inc., the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Deerfield Partners, L.P.

99.1 

Press Release dated February 26, 2025 of The Oncology Institute, Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: February 26, 2025 THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

By: /s/ Mark Hueppelsheuser

Mark Hueppelsheuser

General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10x1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LIMITED CONSENT AND AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FACILITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

LIMITED CONSENT AND AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FACILITY
AGREEMENT

This Limited Consent and Amendment
No. 1 to Facility Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of February 26, 2025 (the Effective Date),
is entered into by and among The Oncology Institute, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), the other Loan
Parties party hereto, the Lenders, and Deerfield Partners, L.P., as agent for itself and the other Secured Parties (in such capacity,
together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Agent). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Facility Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS, reference is made
to that certain Facility Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2022 (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Effective
Date, the Existing Facility Agreement; and the Existing Facility Agreement as amended by this Agreement, the Facility
Agreement), by and among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto from time to time, the Lenders party thereto from
time to time, and Agent;

WHEREAS, the Borrower desires
to make the Prepayment (as hereinafter defined), and the Lenders have agreed to accept the Prepayment, in each case, on the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, at the request
of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties, subject to the Lenders receipt of the Prepayment, the Lenders have agreed to (i) provide
a limited consent to certain transactions as specified herein and (ii) amend certain provisions of the Existing Facility Agreement, all
on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW THEREFORE, the parties
hereby agree as follows:

SECTION 1.Prepayment.
Notwithstanding the terms of the Facility Documents (including Section 2.2(b) of the Facility Agreement), the Borrower shall, on the Effective
Date (or, if the Effective Date is not a Business Day, the first Business Day following the Effective Date), pay or cause to be paid by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Lenders in accordance with Section 2.3 of the Facility Agreement (a) $20,000,000 as
prepayment of a portion of the outstanding principal amounts of those certain Senior Secured Convertible Notes between the Borrower and
the Lenders, each dated as of August 9, 2022 (the Notes), and (b) all accrued and unpaid interest of $126,666.67
due to the Lenders with respect thereto as of the Effective Date, all on a pro rata basis based upon the Lenders respective Pro
Rata Shares (the Prepayment). The Lenders agree that, notwithstanding the provisions in the Facility Agreement and
the other Facility Documents, including the Notes, Borrower is permitted to make the Prepayment in respect of the Notes, and Lenders hereby
accept the Prepayment and waive any and all conversion rights with respect to the portion of the Notes being prepaid hereunder so long
as the Prepayment is made by the Loan Parties and received by the Lenders on the Effective Date; provided, however, that no Lender shall
be required to physically surrender the applicable Note to the Borrower or any other Loan Party in connection with the Prepayment. Upon
the Lenders receipt of the full amount of the Prepayment, the Lenders irrevocably and indefinitely waive any and all Make Whole
Amounts that would otherwise be due and owing thereto under the Facility Documents in respect of the Prepayment. If, for any reason, the
full amount of the Prepayment is not received by the Lenders on the Effective Date (or, if the Effective Date is not a Business Day, the
first Business Day following the Effective Date), this Agreement shall have no further force or effect.

SECTION 2.Amendment
to Existing Facility Agreement. Pursuant to Section 9.5(b) of the Existing Facility Agreement, the parties hereto hereby agree, effective
upon receipt of the Prepayment by the Lenders:

a)Section 7.16(a) of the Existing Facility Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety
to read as follows:

(a) [Reserved.]

b)Section 6.8 of the Existing Facility Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to
read as follows:

1

Section
6.8 Section SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Borrower shall comply in all respects with its filing requirements under Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable and shall, contemporaneously with the filing of its quarterly unaudited and annual audited
consolidated and consolidating financial statements, deliver to each Lender a Compliance Certificate. From the Closing Date until the
first date on which no Notes or Warrants remain outstanding (the period ending on such date, the Reporting Period), the
Borrower shall timely (without giving effect to any extensions pursuant to Rule 12b-25 of the Exchange Act) file (or furnish, as applicable)
all SEC Documents required to be filed with (or furnished to) the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, and the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
shall not terminate the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or otherwise terminate its status as an issuer required
to file reports under the Exchange Act, even if the securities laws would otherwise permit any such termination. None of such SEC Documents,
when filed or furnished, shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially
misleading. All financial statements included in any such SEC Documents shall fairly present in all material respects the consolidated
financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash
flows for the periods presented and shall have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied (subject, in the case of unaudited
quarterly financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments that are not material individually or in the aggregate and lack of footnote
disclosures). Any audit or report of the Borrowers independent certified public accountants on any financial statements included
in any such SEC Document shall (i) contain an unqualified opinion (subject to the exception set forth below in clause (ii) of this sentence),
stating that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position and results
of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and for the periods presented and have been
prepared in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior years, and (ii) not include any explanatory paragraph expressing
substantial doubt as to going concern status (other than any such paragraph arising from the impending maturity of the Loans solely in
the case of the audit delivered with respect to the fiscal year immediately prior to the fiscal year during which the applicable maturity
is scheduled), and no financial statements included in any such SEC Document shall include any statement in the footnotes thereto that
indicates there is substantial doubt about the Borrowers ability to continue as a going concern (or any statement to similar effect)
(except as a result of the impending Maturity Date); provided that (x) the audit or report of the Borrowers independent
certified public accountants on any financial statements included in any SEC Document filed during the six-month period immediately following
February 25, 2025 may include an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt as to going concern status and/or (y) the financial
statements included in any such SEC Document filed during the six-month period immediately following February 25, 2025 may include a statement
in the footnotes thereto that indicates there is substantial doubt about the Borrowers ability to continue as a going concern (or
any statement to a similar effect) (it being understood and agreed that solely any inclusion of a paragraph or statement expressing or
indicating substantial doubt as to going concern status in any SEC Document filed during the six-month period immediately following February
25, 2025 as described in the foregoing clauses (x) and (y) shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement or
any other Facility Document). Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, the Loan Parties and their
Subsidiaries shall deliver to Agent and the Lenders an updated Perfection Certificate. All calculations in any Compliance Certificate
will be made in accordance with GAAP and the applicable terms and provisions of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents. Upon
the reasonable request of any Secured Party, the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries shall promptly deliver to such Secured Party such
additional business, financial, corporate affairs, perfection certificates (including Perfection Certificates), items or documents related
to creation, perfection, protection, maintenance, enforcement or priority of Agents Liens in the Collateral and other information
as any Secured Party may from time to time reasonably request.

2

SECTION 3.Limited
Consent; Participation Right.

a)Effective upon receipt of the Prepayment by the Lenders and subject to, and conditional upon, the
Borrowers compliance with its obligations pursuant to Section 3(b) below, the Agent and the Lenders waive the restrictions imposed
by Section 7.4 of the Facility Agreement (and not any other provision of the Facility Agreement) solely with respect to the offering by
the Borrower of its Common Stock and/or warrants (including prepaid warrants) exercisable for its Common Stock (the foregoing, including
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of any such warrants, the Additional Securities) in up to two offerings
that occur by no later than the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date (collectively, the Equity Offerings),
which may be made pursuant to a registration statement that has been filed with, and been declared effective by, the SEC (a Registration
Statement), or in a private placement transaction pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act (a Private Placement). For purposes of clarity, the foregoing consent shall not operate as or be interpreted
to constitute a waiver of, or consent for purposes of, any provision of the Facility Agreement (other than Section 7.4 thereof) with respect
to the Equity Offerings.

b)In connection with each Equity Offering, each of the Lenders shall be permitted (but shall have no
obligation) to purchase securities of the Borrower (the Participation Securities) representing its Pro Rata Share
of up to an additional 25% in the aggregate of the Additional Securities to be sold for cash to investors other than the Lenders in such
Equity Offering (the Participation Right) on the same terms as the other investors in such Equity Offering (including
as to warrant coverage), except as expressly provided herein (including the exchange provisions set forth in Section 3(b)(iv) hereof).
To allow each of the Lenders to determine whether to exercise its Participation Right, Borrower shall notify each of the Lenders in writing
(the Notice) as promptly as possible following (and, in any case, on the same Business Day as) the pricing of the
applicable Equity Offering and provide the Lenders with reasonably detailed information concerning the expected aggregate amount of capital
to be raised in the applicable Equity Offering, the nature and terms of the Additional Securities to be issued in such Equity Offering
and the timing for completing the Equity Offering, as well as any additional information reasonably requested by any of the Lenders for
the purpose of determining whether to exercise its Participation Right. By no later than the first Business Day following the Lenders
receipt of the Notice with respect to the applicable Equity Offering, each of the Lenders shall notify the Borrower of the extent, if
at all, that such Lender is electing to exercise its Participation Right (each such electing Lender, a Participating Lender);
provided that, if a Lender makes no election to its exercise its Participation Right, it shall be deemed to have notified the Borrower
that it is not electing to exercise any of its Participation Right in respect of the Equity Offering. For the avoidance of doubt, a Lenders
election not to exercise its Participation Right in respect of a particular Equity Offering shall not affect such Lenders right
to exercise its Participation Right in respect of another Equity Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing,
the parties to this Agreement further acknowledge and agree that:

i)In lieu of any shares of Common Stock to be issued in a particular Equity Offering to a Participating
Lender pursuant to its exercise of the Participation Right, such Participating Lender shall be issued a number of shares of Series A Common
Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock (Preferred Stock) calculated by dividing (A) the number of shares of Common Stock
that such Participating Lender would otherwise be entitled to receive by (B) the number of shares of Common Stock into which each share
of Preferred Stock is convertible at the Conversion Rate (as such term is defined in the Companys Certificate of Designation of
Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Common Stock Equivalent Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation))
then in effect (rounded up to the nearest whole share of Series A Common Equivalent Preferred Stock) and otherwise on the same terms that
the Additional Securities are being sold in such Equity Offering (including, in the case of registered direct or other public offering,
being issued pursuant to the applicable Registration Statement and being issued to each Participating Lender contemporaneously with (and
subject to) the closing of the Equity Offering in respect of the other investors therein).

3

ii)If any warrant (excluding pre-funded warrants being issued in lieu of shares of Common Stock solely
for purposes of a beneficial ownership limitation) are being issued in a particular Equity Offering, each Participating Lender shall receive
such warrants on the same basis as the other investors in the Equity Offerings (including as to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying
such warrants relative to the number of shares of Common Stock being acquired and the exercise price thereof), and the warrants issued
to each of the Participating Lenders shall otherwise be in the same form as the warrants otherwise being issued in such Equity Offering,
except that such Participating Lenders warrant shall contain a 4.99% beneficial ownership limitation in a form reasonably acceptable
to such Participating Lender.

iii)If any Equity Offering is a Private Placement, (A) no Participating Lender shall be required to make
the same representations and warranties, or agree to the same covenants, as the other investors in such Private Placement, and (B) each
Participating Lender shall be provided with the same rights with respect to the Participation Securities as other investors in such Private
Placement are provided (including rights to require the Borrower to register with the SEC the Additional Securities, including the Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of any warrants issued in such Equity Offering, for resale under the Securities Act).

iv)In lieu of delivering a cash payment for the purchase price of the Participation Securities, a Participating
Lender shall, without further action on the part of such Participating Lender, be deemed to exchange with the Company a portion of the
outstanding principal amount of such Participating Lenders Note in a dollar amount equal to the aggregate purchase price for such
Participating Lenders Participation Securities (the Exchanged Principal Amount), in satisfaction of its payment
obligation with respect to its Participation Securities. Following any full or partial cancellation of the outstanding principal amount
of such Participating Lenders Note for such purpose and effective on the date the Participation Securities are issued to such Participating
Lender, such Participating Lenders Note shall be deemed to have been reduced by such Participating Lenders Exchanged Principal
Amount; provided, however, that no Participating Lender shall be required to physically surrender the applicable Note to the Borrower
or any other Loan Party unless (A) the entire principal amount thereof is being exchanged pursuant to the terms of this clause (iii) and
(B) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon is paid by the Borrower to such Participating Lender in accordance with Section 3(b)(v) hereof.

v)On the date of the closing of each Equity Offering, the Borrower shall pay to each Participating
Lender, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, any accrued and unpaid interest on such Participating Lenders Exchanged
Principal Amount through such date.

vi)Effective upon the closing of each Equity Offering, the delivery to each Participating Lender of
such Participating Lenders Participation Securities and the payment to such Participating Lender of accrued and unpaid interest
as provided in Section 3(b)(v) hereof, any and all Make Whole Amounts that would otherwise be due and owing to such Participating Lender
under the Facility Documents in respect of such Participating Lenders Exchange Principal Amount are hereby irrevocably and indefinitely
waived by such Participating Lender.

c)In connection with the foregoing: 

i)Prior to the first Equity Offering, the Borrower shall file an Amendment to the Certificate of Designation
(the Certificate of Designation Amendment) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to increase the number of
shares designated as Preferred Stock to such number of shares as is necessary to allow for the issuance of all of the Participation Securities
and shall cause the Certificate of Designation Amendment to become effective prior to the consummation of the first Equity Offering and
remain effective at all times thereafter (including following each and every Equity Offering).

ii)The Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the filing of the Certificate of Designation Amendment
with the Secretary of the State of the State of Delaware. 

4

iii)The Borrower shall, in connection with each Equity Offering, submit an application for the listing
on the Principal Market of the Additional Securities and the Participation Securities sold in such Equity Offering (the Nasdaq
Listing Application) and will use its reasonable best efforts to secure such listing.

d)The Borrower shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under
this Section 3.

SECTION 4.Consent
Limited. This Agreement contains a limited consent and waiver and shall only be relied upon and used for the specific purposes set
forth herein. All references to the Facility Agreement in any other document, instrument, agreement or writing shall hereafter be deemed
to refer to the Facility Agreement after giving effect to this Agreement. Giving effect to this Agreement, the Facility Agreement and
all other Facility Documents shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. Except
as expressly provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any right,
power or remedy of the Lenders or the Agent under the Facility Agreement or any other Facility Document or constitute a waiver of any
provision of the Facility Agreement or any other Facility Document. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall
not establish a custom or course of dealing or conduct between the Agent and the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the
other hand. Except as expressly provided herein, this Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a consent to any other future act, omission
or any future breach of the Facility Agreement or any of the other Facility Documents. The terms
and conditions of the Facility Agreement, as modified by this Agreement, and the other Facility Documents constitute the entire agreement
and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all oral communications and prior writings
with respect thereto. This Agreement shall constitute a Facility Document for all purposes under the Facility Agreement
and the other Facility Documents.

SECTION 5.Representations and Warranties of the Lenders. Each Lender hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the
Borrower on and as of the Effective Date as follows:

a)Organization and Good Standing. Such Lender is an
entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
conducted.

b)Authority. Such Lender has the requisite corporate
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Lender and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby
have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Lender, and no further action is required in connection herewith
or therewith.

c)Valid and Binding Agreement. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by such Lender and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of such Lender, enforceable against such Lender
in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally
and (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

d)Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement by such Lender and the performance by such Lender of its obligations hereunder, does not and will not (i) violate
any provision of such Lenders organizational documents, or (ii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which such Lender is subject, or by
which such Lenders Note is bound or affected except, in each instance of clause (ii) hereof, where such violation or conflict would
not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a material adverse effect on the ability of such Lender to
timely perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

5

SECTION 6.Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties jointly and severally represent, warrant, covenant and agree that:

a)Organization and Good Standing. Each Loan Party is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite
power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted.

b)Authority. Each Loan Party has the requisite corporate power and authority, as applicable,
to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and
thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each Loan Party and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of each Loan Party, and no further action of any Loan Party, its
board of directors, managers, members or stockholders, as applicable, is required in connection herewith or therewith.

c)Consents and Filings. None of the Loan Parties is required to obtain any consent from, authorization
or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any governmental authority or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other
Person in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its respective obligations under or contemplated by this Agreement in accordance
with the terms hereof, other than filing (i) the Announcing 8-K Filing with the SEC, (ii) the Certificate of Designation Amendment with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and (iii) the Nasdaq Listing Application with the Primary Market. No approval of the stockholders
of the Borrower is or will be required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by any of the Loan Parties of this Agreement
or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby.

d)Valid and Binding Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Loan
Parties and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Loan Parties, enforceable against the Loan Parties in accordance with
its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization,
moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) as limited by
laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

e)Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each Loan Party and the
performance by each Loan Party of its obligations hereunder and under the Certificate of Designation do not and will not (i) violate any
provision of any Loan Partys organizational documents, (ii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which any Loan Party is subject, or
by which any property or asset of any Loan Party is bound or affected, (iii) violate, conflict with, result in a material breach of, or
constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a material default under, or an event which would give rise to any right
of notice, modification, acceleration, payment, cancellation or termination under, or in any manner release any party thereto from any
obligation under, any permit or contract to which any Loan Party is a party or by which any of its properties or assets are bound, or
(iv) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any part of the properties or assets of any Loan Party, except, in each instance
of clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) hereof, where such violation, conflict, breach, default or Lien would not reasonably be expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to result in a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, results of operations, condition (financial
or otherwise) or properties of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the legality, validity or enforceability of
any provision of this Agreement or any of the other Facility Documents, (c) the ability of any Loan Party to timely perform its obligations
under this Agreement or any of the other Facility Documents or (d) the rights and remedies of the Agent or any of the Lenders under this
Agreement or any of the other Facility Documents. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result
of the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or of the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby.

6

f)Reservation of Shares. On and after the date the Certificate of Designations Amendment becomes
effective, the Borrower shall at all times reserve and keep available (a) a sufficient number of shares of Preferred Stock for the purpose
of enabling the Borrower to issue the Participation Securities in the Equity Offerings and (b) a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock for the purpose of enabling the Borrower to issue all of the Conversion Shares (as such term is defined in the Certificate of Designation)
that may be issuable upon conversion of the Participation Securities issued, or issuable upon exercise of any warrants issued, in the
Equity Offerings (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as such term is defined in the Certificate of Designation) or
any other limitations on exercise of any of the Participation Securities).

g)Issuance of Participation Securities. In connection with each Equity Offering, the Participation
Securities will be duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with this Agreement and, as applicable, the Certificate of Designation,
(i) will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (or in the case of warrants will constitute valid and binding agreements
of the Borrower), free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Borrower, (ii) will not be issued in violation of, or subject to, any preemptive
or similar rights of any person, and (iii) will not trigger any anti-dilution or similar adjustments under or in respect of any other
securities of the Borrower. When issued, none of the Participation Securities will bear or be subject to any legends regarding restrictions
on transfer under the Securities Act or under any other applicable securities laws. 

h)Registration Statement. No Registration Statement under which any Participation Securities
are issued or prospectus (preliminary or final) included therein (including as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement) will
(i) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or (ii) omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made) not
misleading.

i)Listing. For so long as any Participation Securities remain outstanding, the Borrower shall
use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the Common Stocks listing on the Primary Market, and the Borrower shall not take any
action which would be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of trading the Common Stock on the Primary Market.

j)Application of Takeover Protections. The Borrower and its board of directors have taken all
necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable to the Borrowers issuance of the Participation Securities and the Lenders
ownership of such securities from the provisions of any control share acquisition, interested stockholder, business combination, poison
pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the organizational documents
of the Borrower or the laws of the state of its incorporation which is applicable to any of the Lenders as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including the Borrowers issuance of the Participation Securities and the Lenders ownership
of such securities.

k)Taxes. The Borrower shall be responsible for paying all present or future stamp, court or
documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar taxes that arise from any payment or issuance made under, from the execution, delivery,
performance or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

l)Tax Treatment. The parties intend and agree that any exchanges of portions of the Notes for
the Participation Securities described herein are part of and pursuant to a Plan of Recapitalization and Reorganization of the Borrower
described in Section 368(a)(1)(E) of the Code, and shall report the transactions for federal, state and local income tax purposes in accordance
therewith unless otherwise required by applicable law.

7

m)Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by
any of the Loan Parties or any of their affiliates or representatives to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement
agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Lenders shall have
no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section 6(m) that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION 7.Disclosure; Confidentiality. On or before 8:00 a.m., New York time, on the second Business Day following the Effective Date,
the Borrower shall file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K describing all the material terms of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and attaching this Agreement an exhibit thereto (the Announcing 8-K Filing). Any public announcements
and prospectuses (preliminary or final) relating to any Equity Offering shall disclose the Participation Rights (including, after the
consummation of any Equity Offering, the exercise of any Participation Rights in connection therewith).

SECTION 8.Fees and Expenses. The Borrower shall promptly reimburse the Lenders for all of their reasonable out-of-pocket, costs, fees
and expenses, including legal fees and expenses, incurred in connection with the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION 9.Waiver and Release. TO INDUCE THE AGENT AND THE LENDERS TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE BORROWER AND ITS AFFILIATES
(COLLECTIVELY, THE RELEASING PARTIES) REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT, AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE, THERE ARE NO CLAIMS OR
OFFSETS AGAINST OR RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT WITH RESPECT TO OR DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE EXISTING FACILITY
AGEEMENT OR OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENTS, AND, IN ACCORDANCE THEREWITH, THEY:

a)WAIVE
ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT, DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS TO THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE EXISTING FACILITY AGREEMENT
OR ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENTS, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, ARISING PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE.

(b)FOREVER
RELEASE, RELIEVE, AND DISCHARGE THE AGENT, THE LENDERS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, INVESTMENT ADVISORS,
PARTNERS, PREDECESSORS, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, ATTORNEYS, ACCOUNTANTS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, AND REPRESENTATIVES (COLLECTIVELY, THE RELEASED
PARTIES), AND EACH OF THEM, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, DEMANDS, CAUSES OF ACTION, DEBTS, OBLIGATIONS, PROMISES,
ACTS, AGREEMENTS, AND DAMAGES, OF WHATEVER KIND OR NATURE, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, CONTINGENT OR FIXED, LIQUIDATED
OR UNLIQUIDATED, MATURED OR UNMATURED, WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, WHICH THE RELEASING PARTIES EVER HAD, NOW HAVE, OR MAY, SHALL, OR
CAN HEREAFTER HAVE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY BASED UPON, CONNECTED WITH, OR RELATED TO MATTERS, THINGS, ACTS,
CONDUCT, AND/OR OMISSIONS UNDER OR RELATED TO THE EXISTING FACILITY AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
THEREBY AT ANY TIME FROM THE BEGINNING OF THE WORLD THROUGH AND INCLUDING THE EFFECTIVE DATE.

(c)IN
CONNECTION WITH THE RELEASE CONTAINED HEREIN, THE RELEASING PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY ARE AWARE THAT THEY MAY HEREAFTER DISCOVER CLAIMS
PRESENTLY UNKNOWN OR UNSUSPECTED, OR FACTS IN ADDITION TO OR DIFFERENT FROM THOSE WHICH THEY KNOW OR BELIEVE TO BE TRUE, WITH RESPECT
TO THE MATTERS RELEASED HEREIN. NEVERTHELESS, IT IS THE INTENTION OF THE RELEASING PARTIES, THROUGH THIS AGREEMENT AND WITH ADVICE OF
COUNSEL, FULLY, FINALLY, AND FOREVER TO RELEASE ALL SUCH MATTERS, AND ALL CLAIMS RELATED THERETO, WHICH DO NOW EXIST, OR HERETOFORE HAVE
EXISTED. IN FURTHERANCE OF SUCH INTENTION, THE RELEASES HEREIN GIVEN SHALL BE AND REMAIN IN EFFECT AS A FULL AND COMPLETE RELEASE OR WITHDRAWAL
OF SUCH MATTERS NOTWITHSTANDING THE DISCOVERY OR EXISTENCE OF ANY SUCH ADDITIONAL OR DIFFERENT CLAIMS OR FACTS RELATED THERETO.

8

(d)THE
RELEASING PARTIES COVENANT AND AGREE NOT TO BRING ANY CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE RELEASED PARTIES, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY,
REGARDING OR RELATED IN ANY MANNER TO THE MATTERS RELEASED HEREBY, AND FURTHER COVENANT AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS A BAR TO ANY
SUCH CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING.

(e)THE
RELEASING PARTIES REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO THE RELEASED PARTIES THAT THEY HAVE NOT HERETOFORE ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED, OR PURPORTED TO
ASSIGN OR TRANSFER, TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY ANY CLAIMS OR OTHER MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED.

(f)THE
RELEASING PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ANY AND ALL APPLICABLE RIGHTS AND BENEFITS UNDER, AND PROTECTIONS OF, CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542,
AND ANY AND ALL STATUTES AND DOCTRINES OF SIMILAR EFFECT. CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS:

A general release does
not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing
the release, and that if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.

SECTION 10.Further Assurances. The parties to this Agreement hereby agree, from time to time, as and when reasonably requested by any
other party hereto, to execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered, all such documents, instruments and agreements, and
to take or cause to be taken such further or other action, as any other party hereto may reasonably deem necessary or desirable in order
to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement. 

SECTION 11.Miscellaneous. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by electronic or facsimile transmission (including by e-signature
software or electronic mail) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

SECTION 12.Governing Law. The validity of this Agreement, the construction, interpretation, and enforcement hereof, and the rights
of the parties hereto with respect to all matters arising hereunder or related hereto, shall be determined under, governed by, and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

SECTION 13.Rules of Construction. The section and other headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Exchange/Subscription
Agreement. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent,
and no rule of strict construction will be applied against any party. Unless the context otherwise requires, (a) all references to Sections
or Exhibits are to Sections or Exhibits contained in or attached to this Agreement, (b) words in the singular or plural include the singular
and plural, and pronouns stated in either the masculine, the feminine or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter,
(c) the use of the word include, includes and including in this Agreement shall be by way of
example rather than limitation, and (d) the word or is not exclusive (i.e., or shall mean and/or).

SECTION 14.Reaffirmation.
Each of Borrower and the other Loan Parties, as issuer, debtor, grantor, pledgor, mortgagor, guarantor or assignor, or in other any other
similar capacity in which such Person grants Liens or security interests in its property or otherwise acts as accommodation party or guarantor,
as the case may be, hereby (i) acknowledges and agrees that it has reviewed this Agreement, (ii) ratifies and reaffirms all of its obligations,
contingent or otherwise, under each of the Facility Documents to which it is a party (after giving effect hereto), and (iii) to the extent
such Person granted Liens on or security interests in any of its property pursuant to any such Facility Document as security for or otherwise
guaranteed the Obligations under or with respect to the Facility Documents, ratifies and reaffirms such guarantee and grant of security
interests and Liens and confirms and agrees that such security interests and Liens hereafter secure all of the Obligations. Neither this
Agreement nor any prior amendment or waiver of, or consent under, any of the Facility Documents shall be construed or deemed to be a satisfaction,
novation, cure, modification, amendment or release of any obligations (including the Obligations), the Facility Agreement or any of the
other Facility Documents or establish a course of conduct with respect to future requests for amendments, modifications or consents.

9

SECTION 15.Successors and
Assigns. All of the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to
the benefit of their respective successors and permitted assigns. No party hereunder may assign its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the other parties hereto, except that a Lender may assign its rights under Section 3 to a transferee of the
Notes.

[Signatures appear on following page]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each
of the parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

BORROWER:

THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.,

a Delaware corporation

By:
/s/ Mark Hueppelsheuser, Esq 

Name:
Mark Hueppelsheuser

Title:
General Counsel

OTHER LOAN PARTIES:

THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By:
/s/ Mark Hueppelsheuser, Esq 

Name: Mark Hueppelsheuser

Title:
Secretary

TOI MANAGEMENT, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By:
/s/ Mark Hueppelsheuser, Esq 

Name: Mark Hueppelsheuser

Title: Secretary

TOI
ACQUISITION, LLC,

a
Delaware limited liability company

By: TOI Management, LLC, its member

By:
/s/ Mark Hueppelsheuser, Esq 

Name: Mark Hueppelsheuser

Title:
General Counsel

THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE OF HOPE AND INNOVATION PATIENT SAFETY ORGANIZATION,
LLC,

a California limited liability company

By:
/s/ Mark Hueppelsheuser, Esq 

Name: Mark Hueppelsheuser

Title:
Secretary 

[Signature Page to Limited Consent and Amendment No. 1 to Facility
Agreement]

11

LENDERS:

DEERFIELD PARTNERS, L.P.

By: Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., its General Partner

By: J. E. Flynn Capital, LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ David J.
Clark 

Name: David Clark

Title: Authorized Signatory

DEERFIELD PRIVATE DESIGN FUND V, L.P.

By: Deerfield Mgmt V, L.P., its General Partner

By: J. E. Flynn Capital V, LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ David J.
Clark 

Name: David Clark

Title: Authorized Signatory

DEERFIELD PRIVATE DESIGN FUND IV, L.P.

By: Deerfield Mgmt IV, L.P., its General Partner

By: J. E. Flynn Capital IV, LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ David J.
Clark 

Name: David Clark

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Limited Consent and Amendment No. 1 to Facility
Agreement]

12

AGENT:

DEERFIELD PARTNERS, L.P.

By: Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., its General Partner

By: J. E. Flynn Capital, LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ David J.
Clark 

Name: David Clark

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Limited
Consent and Amendment No. 1 to Facility Agreement]

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99x1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

The Oncology Institute Announces Amendment
to Facility Agreement and Debt Paydown 

CERRITOS, Calif., February 26, 2025 (GLOBE
NEWSWIRE) -- The Oncology Institute, Inc. (NASDAQ: TOI) (TOI or the Company), one of the largest value-based
community oncology groups in the United States, today announced an amendment to its existing facility agreement with funds affiliated
with Deerfield Management Company, L.P. (Deerfield), an investment firm committed to advancing healthcare, as well
as a partial paydown of the senior secured convertible notes.

Under the amendment, Deerfield has agreed
to waive certain restrictions regarding the Companys ability to offer and sell equity and has removed the minimum cash covenant
of $40 million. In connection with the amendment, the Company has paid down approximately $20 million of the senior secured convertible
notes and accrued and unpaid interest thereon through the date of the amendment.

We are pleased to reach an agreement
with our long-time partners at Deerfield, and we are grateful for their ongoing support and collaboration as we position the company for
long-term success, said Daniel Virnich, CEO of TOI. The actions announced today strengthen our financial position, while
also allowing us to focus on accelerating our growth initiatives. To that end, year to date, TOI has already signed three new capitation
agreements, adding approximately 80,000 lives across California, Nevada and Florida markets. Total lives in Florida under value-based
agreements now exceed 200,000, with over 50,000 under Medicare Advantage.

BTIG is acting as lead financial advisor
to TOI. Latham & Watkins LLP is acting as legal advisor to TOI, and Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP is acting as legal advisor to Deerfield.

About The Oncology Institute

Founded in 2007, TOI is advancing oncology by delivering highly specialized,
value-based cancer care in the community setting. TOI offers cutting-edge, evidence-based cancer care to a population of over 1.8 million
patients including clinical trials, transfusions, and other services traditionally associated with the most advanced care delivery organizations.
With over 120 employed clinicians and more than 700 teammates in over 70 clinic locations, TOI is changing oncology for the better. For
more information visit www.theoncologyinstitute.com.

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release includes certain statements
that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as preliminary,
believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate,
intend, expect, should, would, plan, project, predict,
potential, guidance, approximately, seem, seek, future,
outlook, and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical
matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding projections, anticipated financial results,
estimates and forecasts of revenue and other financial and performance metrics and projections of market opportunity and expectations.
These statements are based on various assumptions and on the current expectations of TOI and are not predictions of actual performance.
These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied
on by anyone as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances
are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of
TOI. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, the outcome of judicial and administrative proceedings
to which TOI may become a party or investigations to which TOI may become or is subject that could interrupt or limit TOIs operations,
result in adverse judgments, settlements or fines and create negative publicity; changes in TOIs patient or payors' preferences,
prospects and the competitive conditions prevailing in the healthcare sector; failure to address the need to meet stock exchange continued
listing standards and the possibility that the Company may have to effect a reverse stock split; the impact of COVID-19 on TOIs
business; those factors discussed in the documents of TOI filed, or to be filed, with the SEC, including the Item 1A. "Risk Factors"
section of TOI's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 28, 2024 and any subsequent
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results
could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that TOI currently
is evaluating or does not presently know or that TOI currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ
from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect TOIs plans or forecasts
of future events and views as of the date of this press release. TOI anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause TOIs
assessments to change. TOI does not undertake any obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements should not be relied upon as representing TOIs assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.

Contacts

Media

The Oncology Institute, Inc.

Jaime Valles

marketing@theoncologyinstitute.com

Investors

Solebury Strategic Communications

investors@theoncologyinstitute.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>toi-20250226.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>toi-20250226_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>toi-20250226_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>toi-20250226_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 26, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 26, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39248

Entity Registrant Name THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001799191

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-3562323

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 18000 Studebaker Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 800

Entity Address, City or Town Cerritos

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90703

City Area Code (562)

Local Phone Number 735-3226

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol TOI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol TOIIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TOI_CommonStockParValue0.0001Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TOI_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://theoncologyinstitute.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

toi-20250226.xsd 
toi-20250226_def.xml 
toi-20250226_lab.xml 
toi-20250226_pre.xml 
toi_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001079973-25-000324-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>toi_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001799191 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0001799191 

TOI:CommonStockParValue0.0001Member 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0001799191 

TOI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001799191 
8-K 
2025-02-26 
THE ONCOLOGY INSTITUTE, INC. 
DE 
001-39248 
84-3562323 
18000 Studebaker Road 
Suite 800 
Cerritos 
CA 
90703 
(562) 
735-3226 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 
TOI 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
TOIIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>