<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-005164.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-005164.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417083010
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-005164
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250414
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REED'S, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001140215
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				352177773
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32501
		FILM NUMBER:		25844374

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 MERRITT 7
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06851
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800 997 3337

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 MERRITT 7
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06851

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REED'S INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REEDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORIGINAL BEVERAGE CORP /
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010508
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000114021500011402152025-04-142025-04-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 14, 2025

REEDS,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-32501 35-2177773

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

501
Merritt 7 Corporate Park, Norwalk, CT06851

(Address
of principal executive offices and zip code)

Not
applicable

(Former
name or former address if changed since last report)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (800)997-3337

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchanged on Which Registered

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Leadership
Transition

On
April 16, 2025, Norman E. Snyder, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer and member of the board of directors of Reeds,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (Reeds or the Company), announced his retirement.

In
connection with Mr. Snyders retirement, the Companys board of directors appointed Cyril Wallace as Chief Executive
Officer and member of the board of directors, effective April 16, 2025, pursuant to an Executive Employment Agreement (the
Employment Agreement).

In
order to ensure a smooth transition, Mr. Snyder will remain as an employee of the Company through May 31, 2025 pursuant to the
Retirement, Transition and Separation Agreement dated April 14, 2025 (the Transition Agreement).

Pursuant
to the Transition Agreement, Mr. Snyder will receive 12 monthsseverance
at his current salary rate and reimbursement of COBRA premiums and deductibles for such 12 month
period.Further, he will be given an extended
period of two years to exercise all of his vested
stock options. Mr. Snyder will also be eligible for bonuses in Q1.Mr.
Snyder is party to the Companys standard Confidentiality and Proprietary Information Agreement (CPIA), which includes
customary restrictive covenants, and the Companys standard Indemnification Agreement available to executive officers and directors.
Pursuant to the Transition Agreement, Mr. Snyder further agreed to cooperate with the Company, from time to time, as may be reasonably
requested to support the Companysongoing
matters.

Mr.
Wallaces Employment Agreement provides for a base salary of $700,000. Mr. Wallace will receive health insurance, four weeks
paid vacation on an annual basis and other benefits available to our executive officers. Mr. Wallace will also receive
a signing bonus of $35,000 and long distance commuting and relocation expense reimbursement up to $50,000, which must be reimbursed in
full if his employment is terminated (for no reason or any reason) prior to the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date. The
Employment Agreement is at-will and may be terminated by Mr. Wallace or Reeds at any time upon five
days notice, for no reason or for any reason. The Employment Agreement contains customary clawback and arbitration
provisions.

Mr.
Wallace also executed the CPIA and is party to Reeds standard Indemnification Agreement. Subject to the board of directors
establishment of a new equity incentive plan and Mr. Wallaces continued employment, Mr. Wallace will be granted
a restricted stock award of 280,000 shares of common stock, vesting over a one-year term, and performance based stock options to purchase
up to 1,388,166 shares of common stock. The performance-based stock options will be granted in tranches beginning in 2025 through 2027.
Vesting of performance-based stock options will be subject to achievement of annual performance metrics established by the board of directors
and agreed between the parties.

The
foregoing summary of the Transition Agreement, Employment Agreement, Indemnification Agreement and CPIA are not complete and are
subject to, qualified in their entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the full text of such agreements filed, or to be
filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

(b)
The disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 regarding Norman E. Snyders retirement and resignation from the positions of Chief Executive
Officer and director and the terms of the Transition Agreement are incorporated into this section (b) by this reference.

(c)
The disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 regarding Cyril Wallaces appointment as Chief Executive Officer and the terms of the Employment
Agreement are incorporated into this section (c) by this reference.

Mr.
Wallace, age 45,has
worked with PepsiCo Beverages North America for 21 years. Most recently, he was a VPGM at PepsiCo Beverages North America from May 2022
through April 2024, where he led a $3.2 B territory overseeing sales, warehouse, transportation, and GTM teams and developed strategies
to mitigate cost and create sustainable long term growth. Prior, from October 2019, through June 2022, he served as Sales Vice President
for PepsiCos Atlantic region, a $2.7B territory, overseeing sales, product supply, finance, and Go-To-Market teams. Mr.
Wallace holds a Master of Business Administration in Project Management from the Keller Graduate School of Management at DeVry University
and a Bachelor of Arts in Marketing from Georgia State University.

There
are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Wallace and any other persons pursuant to which Mr.
Wallacewas selected as Chief Executive Officer.
There are also no family relationships between Mr. Wallace and any director or executive officer of the Company. Mr. Wallace has no direct
or indirect material interest in any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

(d)
On May 14, 2025, the Company appointed Rudolph Rudd Bakker, age 59, to the Companys board of directors. Mr. Bakker
will receive standard board compensation of $50,000 per annum. The Company expects to appoint Mr. Bakker to the audit, compensation
and governance committees of the board. There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Bakker and any other persons pursuant
to which Mr. Bakker was selected as a director. Mr. Bakker has no direct or indirect material interest in any related party
transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

On
May 16, 2025, the Company appointed Cyril Wallace, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, to the Companys board of directors.

(e)
The disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 regarding compensatory arrangements of Norman E. Snyder, Jr. and Cyril Wallace are incorporated into this subsection (e) by this reference.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

On
April 17,2025,
the Company issued a press release announcing Mr. Snyders retirement, Mr. Wallaces appointment as Chief Executive Officer
and Mr. Bakkers appointment as director. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.

This
information is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into the filings of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits

EXHIBIT

NUMBER EXHIBIT
DESCRIPTION

10.1* Retirement, Transition and Separation Agreement by and between Reeds, Inc. and Norman E. Snyder, Jr. dated April 14, 2025

10.2* Executive Employment Agreement by and between Reeds, Inc. and Cyril Wallace dated April 16, 2025

10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K as filed with the SEC April 1, 2024.

10.4 Form of Confidentiality and Proprietary Information Agreement

99.1 Press Release of Reeds, Inc. dated April 17,2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*
Portions of the exhibit have been omitted.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

REEDS,
INC.,

a
Delaware corporation

Dated:
April 17,2025 By:
/s/
Cyril Wallace

Cyril Wallace

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Certain
identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful
if publicly disclosed.

EXECUTIVE
RETIREMENT, TRANSITION AND SEPARATION AGREEMENT

THIS
EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT, TRANSITION AND SEPARATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into by and between Reeds,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Norman E. Snyder, Jr. (Executive) effective
April 14, 2025.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Executive has been employed by the Company in the position of Chief Executive Officer and serves as a member of the board of
directors of the Company;

WHEREAS,
Executive desires to retire and the parties desire to facilitate the orderly transition of Executives duties;

WHEREAS,
in exchange for Executive executing and complying with the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation Executives execution
and non-revocation of the general release of claims herein, the Company has agreed to provide Executive the below-described benefits
and arrangements; and

WHEREAS
voluntarily and of Executives own free will, Executive desires to accept the Companys offer in exchange for executing
and complying with the terms of this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth herein, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:

1.
Separation of Employment; Transition Period.

(a)Separation Date. Unless otherwise approved by the Company, Executives last day of employment with the Company will be May 31, 2025 (the Separation Date). Executive confirms and understands that unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, regardless of whether Executive executes and does not revoke his acceptance to this Agreement, Executives employment and/or service relationship with the Company and any of its affiliates shall terminate and cease for all purposes effective as of the Separation Date, including for purposes of all salary, wages, compensation, benefits, bonuses, equity, vesting, and any other interests or benefits unless otherwise expressly set forth herein. Regardless of whether Executive timely executes and does not revoke his acceptance to this Agreement, Executive shall be paid Executives (i) salary at current rate of pay (based on annual salary of $378,525.00) earned through the Separation Date, unpaid expense reimbursements and unused paid time off that accrued through the Separation Date on or before the time required by law and (ii) any vested benefits the Executive may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company through the Separation Date, which vested benefits shall be paid and/or provided in accordance with the terms of such employee benefit plans, including but not limited to vested stock options. Further, Executive shall receive a guaranteed bonus in the amount of $30,000.00 and will be eligible to receive up to an additional $20,000.00 bonus subject to achievement of performance metrics set forth on Exhibit A.

(b) Transition
Period. Effective through the Separation Date (the Transition Period), Executive (i) shall assist in the
smooth and orderly transition of Executives duties and responsibilities, (ii) shall continue to serve as an employee, and
(iii) shall otherwise provide reasonable assistance to the Company in accordance with the reasonable directives of the Company.
Outstanding stock options that have not vested will continue to vest during the Transition Period.

2.Separation Benefits. In consideration of Executives promises and covenants set forth herein and further conditioned upon: (a) Executives resignation from the office of Chief Executive Officer, as a member of the board of directors and any other position he holds with the Company effective as of the Separation Date (b) Executive executing, dating and delivering this Agreement to the Company in accordance with the terms provided in the paragraph titled Older Worker Benefit Protection Act Disclosure; (c) Executive not revoking this Agreement as provided for in the section titled Older Worker Benefit Protection Act Disclosure; (d) Executive executing, dating and delivering the Affirmation of General Release of Claims attached hereto as Exhibit B to the Company no earlier than the Separation Date and no later than seven (7) days after the Separation Date; and (e) Executives compliance with all the terms of this Agreement, as well as his continued compliance with that certain Confidentiality and Proprietary Information Agreement of evendate herewith (the CPIA), Company shall pay or provide to Executive the following (collectively (a)- (d), the Separation Benefits):

(a) Three
hundred and seventy-eight thousand five hundred twenty -five dollars ($378,525.00) payable in equal installments for twelve (12) months
following the Separation Date in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly, which
shall commence immediately following the Termination Date (referred to herein as the 12-Month Continued Base Salary.

(b) Executive
will have an extended period of two years from the Separation Date to exercise vested stock options.

(c) The
Company will reimburse Executive an amount up to $10,000.00 for legal fees paid by Executive related to review and negotiation of the
terms of this Agreement.

(d) If
the Executive timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985
(COBRA), the Company shall reimburse the Executive all of the monthly COBRA premiums paid by the Executive for the
Executive and the Executives dependents and all of Executives deductibles to which Executives health insurance policy
is subject. Reimbursement of such COBRA premiums shall be paid to the Executive on the first of the month immediately following the month
in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment. The deductibles shall be pre-paid to Executive in accordance with Companys
policies and procedures applicable to executive employees. The Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest
of: (i) the twelve-month anniversary of the Separation Date; (ii) the date the Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation
coverage; and (iii) the date on which the Executive receives substantially similar coverage from another employer or other source. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Companys making payments under this Section 2(b) would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to
non-grandfathered plans under the Affordable Care Act (the ACA), or result in the imposition of penalties under
the ACA and the related regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder), the parties agree to reform this Section 2(b) in a manner as
is necessary to comply with the ACA.

2

3.Full Payment and Satisfaction. Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) subject to receipt of the Executives receipt of the Separation Benefits described in Paragraph 2 above, Executive has received full and timely payment of all compensation, salary, wages, bonuses, commissions, distributions, vacation pay, paid time off, severance, incentive pay, equity, profits, phantom stock payments, change in control bonuses, or other payments or benefits owed or which ever have been owed by the Company or any of its affiliates through the Separation Date, including without limitation pursuant to stock option award agreements and the applicable plan governing such awards and (ii) the Separation Benefits provided herein, individually or in the aggregate, are in exchange for his execution and non-revocation of this Agreement, as well as his compliance with the terms hereof. All unvested stock options shall cease to vest upon the Separation Date.

4.General Release of Claims. In exchange for the consideration set forth herein, including the Separation Benefits, Executive, for Executive, Executives agents, attorneys, heirs, beneficiaries, administrators, executors, successors, assigns, and other representatives, and anyone acting or claiming on Executives or their joint or several behalf, hereby releases, waives, and forever discharges the Company, and all of its past, present or future parents, subsidiaries or affiliates, and any of its or their past, present or future employees, officers, directors, managers, trustees, board members, owners, equity holders, agents, attorneys, insurers or benefit plans and any of its or their predecessors, successors, assigns, and other representatives, and anyone acting on their joint or several behalf (the Releasees), from any and all known and unknown, suspected or unsuspected, claims, causes of action, demands, damages, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, liabilities, or other losses, from the beginning of time through the date this Agreement is executed, including, but not limited to, those that in any way arise from, grow out of, or are related to Executives employment and/or service relationship with the Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries or the termination thereof or any contracts, agreements, awards, policies, plans, programs or practices with or of any Releasee. By way of example only and without limiting the immediately preceding sentence, Executive agrees that Executive is releasing, waiving, and discharging

3

(a)any and all claims against the Company and the Releasees under (i) any federal, state, or local employment law or statute, including, but not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act(s) of 1964 and 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act and any state or local equivalent law(s), the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, Section 806 of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act; (ii) applicable state or local civil rights law(s);

(b)any claim to benefits under any plan, or under the federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, except for Executives right to any benefits to which Executive is entitled under any retirement plan of the Company that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Executives rights, if any, under COBRA;

(c)any and all claims under common law, including any claim for tort, breach of contract (express or implied, written or oral), quasi contract, wrongful or constructive discharge, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress, misrepresentation, fraud, or negligence;

(d)any and all claims arising under or in connection with any agreement, understanding, contract, promise, or arrangement, written or oral, between Executive and the Company and/or any of the Releasees, including but not limited to any claims arising under or in connection with equity award agreements and applicable governing plans;

(e)any and all claims for or relating to any compensation, distributions, salary, wages, bonuses, commissions, income, carried interest, contributions, distributions, fees, income, contributions, overtime pay, incentive compensation, equity-based compensation, stock options, shares, equity, or any other actual or prospective stock, equity, option, profits, awards or grants; and

(f)any other claims Executive may now have against the Releasees, whether known or unknown to Executive;

Notwithstanding
any releases granted in the foregoing, Executives right to be held harmless and Executives right to indemnification from
the Company, as reflected in that certain Indemnity Agreement, dated February 27, 2024 (the Indemnification Agreement),
or under the Companys by-laws or certificate of incorporation, shall not be released, altered, or limited in any way as a result
of the foregoing.

In
addition, in exchange for Executives release herein and his compliance with this Agreement, the Company, on its behalf as well
as any agents, attorneys, successors, assigns, and other representatives and anyone acting or claiming on the Companys or their
joint or several behalf, hereby releases, waives, and forever discharges Executive and all of his heirs, executors and/or affiliates,
agents, attorneys, insurers and any of its or their predecessors, successors, assigns, and other representatives, and anyone acting on
their joint or several behalf from any and all known and unknown, suspected or unsuspected, claims, causes of action, demands, damages,
costs, expenses, attorneys fees, liabilities, or other losses, from the beginning of time through the date this Agreement is executed,
including, but not limited to, those that in any way arise from, grow out of, or are related to Executives employment and/or service
relationship with the Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries or the termination thereof or any contracts, agreements, awards,
policies, plans, programs or practices.

4

Nothing
contained herein shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (the
EEOC), the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), or other similar
governmental agency (federal, state, or local), or participating in investigations by such government entity. However, Executive acknowledges
that the release Executive executes herein waives Executives right to seek individual remedies in any such action or to seek or
accept individual remedies or monetary damages in any such action or lawsuit arising from such charges or investigations, including but
not limited to, back pay, front pay, or reinstatement; however, Executive may accept any monetary award offered by the SEC pursuant to
Section 21F of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Executive further agrees that if any person, organization, or other entity should
bring a claim against the Releasees involving any matter covered by this Agreement, Executive will not accept any personal relief in
any such action, including damages, attorneys fees, costs, and all other legal or equitable relief. Executive also does not release:
(i) any rights or claims that may arise after Executive signs this Agreement or which arise under this Agreement; (ii) any rights or
claims for unemployment compensation or workers compensation benefits; (iii) any rights under the Companys 401(k) plan,
if any; or (iv) any other rights that cannot be waived by private agreement or operation of law.

5.No Claims Filed. Executive affirms that, as of the date of execution of this Agreement, Executive has filed no lawsuit, charge, claim or complaint with any governmental agency or in any court against the Company or the Releasees.

6.Affirmation of Post-Employment Obligations. In executing this Agreement, Executive hereby reaffirms the post-employment obligations set forth in the CPIA. It is expressly understood that the Company may (i) be entitled to repayment of all or a portion of the payments under Section 2 in the event that Executive breaches any of Executives obligations under this Agreement or the CPIA or (ii) be entitled to all erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation as defined under the Companys Clawback Policy.

7.Return of Company Property. Executive agrees that Executive will, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company, return to the Company all property and equipment of the Company or its affiliates in Executives possession. All records, paper and electronic files, documents, software programs, and copies thereof, pertaining to the business of the Company or its affiliates, including without limitation any records, files, documents and programs which may constitute trade secrets and proprietary information belonging to the Company or its affiliates, in each case, shall be returned to the Company by or upon the Separation Date. Executive may not retain copies of any such records, files, documents or programs, and hereby relinquishes and assigns to the Company any and all rights, if any, that Executive may have in any such records, files, documents or programs. Executive represents that Executive has not retained any information about the Company or its affiliates on any personal computer, personal phone, portable data storage device or otherwise.

5

10.Permitted Disclosures. Nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties or any other policies of the Company or its affiliates shall prohibit or restrict Executive or Executives attorneys from: (a) making any disclosure of relevant and necessary information or documents in any action, investigation, or proceeding relating to this Agreement, or as required by law or legal process, including with respect to possible violations of law; (b) participating, cooperating, or testifying in any action, investigation, or proceeding with, or providing information to, any governmental agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, and/or pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; or (c) accepting any U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission awards.

11.Future Cooperation. Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company as may be reasonably requested by the Company (a) in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against, by or on behalf of the Company or any of its affiliates; and (b) in connection with any inquiry regarding, investigation of or by, or legal action or complaint against the Company and/or any other Releasees that relates to events or occurrences that transpired while Executive was employed by the Company or about which Executive may otherwise have knowledge or information. The Company will pay Executive an hourly fee of $200 for any time required in excess of 25 hours per month to provide any such future cooperation and will reimburse Executive for reasonable business travel expenses incurred by Executive in connection with providing cooperation under sub-parts (a) and (b) of this section, subject to receipt of appropriate documentation of such expenses.

12.No Admission of Wrongful Conduct. Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, by the Company providing the consideration described above and entering into this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of the Releasees is admitting any unlawful or otherwise wrongful conduct or liability to Executive or Executives heirs, executors, administrators, assigns, agents, or other representatives. The Company and Releasees expressly deny any liability or alleged violation of any law, contract or applicable policy.

13.Older Worker Benefit Protection Act Disclosure. Executive recognizes that as part of Executives agreement to release any and all claims against the Releasees, Executive is releasing claims for age discrimination under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act. Accordingly, Executive has been afforded more than twenty-one (21) days from the date Executive received this Agreement to review this Agreement (the Review Period) and Executive has an additional period of seven (7) days after executing this Agreement to revoke it in writing to the Company under the terms of the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act. Any negotiated changes to this Agreement shall not restart the Review Period or extend any deadline for Executive to execute and return the Agreement to the Company. If timely signed, dated and returned to the Company and not revoked prior to the end of the seven (7) day revocation period, this Agreement shall be effective upon the expiration of the seven (7) day revocation period (the Effective Date). By Executives signature below, Executive represents and warrants that Executive has been advised to consult with an attorney of Executives own choosing, that Executive has been given a reasonable amount of time to consider this Agreement, and that Executive is voluntarily and knowingly waiving any right he could possibly claim to review the Agreement for an additional period of time.

6

14.Taxes. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement all federal, state, city or other taxes as the Company is required to withhold pursuant to any applicable law, regulation or ruling. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to guarantee any particular tax result for Executive with respect to any payment provided to Executive hereunder, the Company makes no representation or warranty regarding the tax treatment and/or tax consequences of any payment described herein, and Executive shall be responsible for any taxes imposed on Executive with respect to any such payment.

15. Section
409A. As applicable, the parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is
ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments
hereunder comply with Section 409A of the Code. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment
for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A2(b)(2). The parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably
requested by either party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and
regulations in order to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without additional cost to either party. The Company
makes no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to Executive or any other person if any provisions of this Agreement
are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy an exemption from, or the
conditions of, such Section

16.Governing Law; Arbitration. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract, including the formation, interpretation, breach or termination thereof, including whether the claims asserted are arbitrable, will be referred to and finally determined by arbitration in accordance with the JAMS Arbitration Rules. The tribunal will consist of one arbitrator. The place of arbitration will be Fairfield County, State of Connecticut. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

17.Statement Regarding Executives Transition. Executive and the Company agree to coordinate in good faith on the terms of an internal statement with respect to Executives separation from the Company for the purpose of retirement.

7

18.Entire Agreement. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement (including Exhibit A and Exhibit B hereto), constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and Executive with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and replaces any prior understandings, agreements or representations, written or oral, concerning the subject matter of this Agreement. The terms of Exhibit A and Exhibit B to this Agreement, as well as the Indemnification Agreement and CPIA, are incorporated herein by reference and are part of this Agreement as if set forth fully herein. This is an integrated document. By signing below, Executive acknowledges that he is not relying on any promises or representations by the Company or the agents, representatives, or attorneys of any of the entities within the definition of Company regarding any subject matter addressed in this Agreement.

19.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, such invalidation shall not affect other provisions or applications of the Agreement which can be given effect without the invalid provision or application, and to this end the provisions of this Agreement are declared to be severable. If, moreover, any one or more of the provisions (or portions thereof) contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable because it is excessively broad as to duration or scope of prohibited activities, it shall be (to the extent permitted by law) construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to extend and be enforced only over the maximum duration and scope of activities as to which it may be enforceable under applicable law.

20.Modification. This Agreement may be modified or amended only by a written instrument duly signed by each of the parties hereto or their respective successors or assigns. The parties rights and obligations hereunder shall survive this Agreement becoming effective and Executives termination of employment in accordance with their respective terms.

21.Waiver. No waiver of any breach of any term or provision of this Agreement shall be construed to be, nor shall be, a waiver of any other breach of this Agreement. No waiver shall be binding unless in writing and signed by the party waiving the breach.

22. Acceptance
of Agreement. Executive agrees that if Executive timely revokes this Agreement prior to the end of the seven (7) day
revocation period, the provisions of this Agreement shall be void and of no further force and effect.

23. Successors
and Assigns; Third-Party Beneficiaries. Executive may not assign this Agreement. Executive hereby consents to the assignment
by the Company of all of its rights and obligations hereunder to any successor to the Company by merger or consolidation or purchase
of all or substantially all of the Companys assets. The Releasees are expressly intended to be thirdparty beneficiaries of
this Agreement and it may be enforced by each of them.

24. Knowing
and Voluntary Agreement. By Executives signature below, Executive represents and warrants that Executive (i) has been
given a reasonable amount of time of at least twenty-one (21) days to review and consider this Agreement, (ii) is hereby advised in
writing to consult with independent legal counsel in connection with this Agreement; (iii) is represented by counsel of his choosing
in connection with this matter; (iv) has read and reviewed this Agreement thoroughly and fully understands its terms and conditions
and their significance and has discussed them with Executives independent legal counsel, or has had a reasonable opportunity
to have done so; and (v) agrees to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement and is signing this Agreement voluntarily and of
Executives own free will, with the full understanding of its terms, conditions and legal consequences, and with the intent to
be bound hereby.

8

25.
Non-Disparagement. Executive understands and agrees that she shall not make any false, disparaging or derogatory statements
to any media outlet, industry group, financial institution or current or former employee, consultant, client, customer of the Company
or other person or entity regarding the Company or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives or about the
Companys business affairs and financial condition and the Company shall instruct the members of the board of directors and its
senior executives to not make any false, disparaging or derogatory statements to any media outlet, industry group, financial institution
or current or former employee, consultant, client, customer of the Company or other person or entity regarding Executive.

25. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute
one and the same instrument. An originally executed version of this Agreement that is scanned as an image file (e.g., Adobe PDF,
etc.) and then delivered by one party to the other party via electronic mail as evidence of signature, shall, for all purposes
hereof, be deemed an original signature. The parties further agree to accept electronic signatures generated using DocuSign as
original signatures.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive and a duly authorized representative of the Company hereby certify that they have read this Agreement
in its entirety and voluntarily executed it, as of the date(s) set forth under their respective signatures.

REEDS, INC. 

By: /s/
Douglas W. McCurdy 

Name: Douglas. W. McCurdy 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

By: /s/
Norman E Snyder, Jr. 

Norman E. Snyder, Jr. 

9

EXHIBIT
A

Performance
Metrics for Q1 2025

[Information
has been omitted from this Exhibit]

EXHIBIT
B

AFFIRMATION
OF RELEASE OF CLAIMS

Capitalized
terms not herein defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the Executive Retirement, Transition and Separation Agreement dated April
14, 2025 (the Agreement).

Executive
herby affirms as of the date indicated by his signature below:

In
exchange for the consideration set forth in the Agreement, including the Separation Benefits, Executive, for Executive, Executives
agents, attorneys, heirs, beneficiaries, administrators, executors, successors, assigns, and other representatives, and anyone acting
or claiming on Executives or their joint or several behalf, hereby releases, waives, and forever discharges the Company, and all
of its past, present or future parents, subsidiaries or affiliates, and any of its or their past, present or future employees, officers,
directors, managers, trustees, board members, owners, equity holders, agents, attorneys, insurers or benefit plans and any of its or
their predecessors, successors, assigns, and other representatives, and anyone acting on their joint or several behalf (the Releasees),
from any and all known and unknown, suspected or unsuspected, claims, causes of action, demands, damages, costs, expenses, attorneys
fees, liabilities, or other losses, from the beginning of time through the date this Agreement is executed, including, but not limited
to, those that in any way arise from, grow out of, or are related to Executives employment and/or service relationship with the
Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries or the termination thereof or any contracts, agreements, awards, policies, plans, programs
or practices with or of any Releasee. By way of example only and without limiting the immediately preceding sentence, Executive agrees
that Executive is releasing, waiving, and discharging:

(a)any and all claims against the Company and the Releasees under (i) any federal, state, or local employment law or statute, including, but not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act(s) of 1964 and 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act and any state or local equivalent law(s), the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, Section 806 of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act; (ii) applicable state or local civil rights law(s);

(b)
any claim to benefits under any plan, or under the federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, except for Executives
right to any benefits to which Executive is entitled under any retirement plan of the Company that is intended to be qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Executives rights, if any, under COBRA;

(c)any and all claims under common law, including any claim for tort, breach of contract (express or implied, written or oral), quasi contract, wrongful or constructive discharge, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress, misrepresentation, fraud, or negligence; and

(d)any and all claims arising under or in connection with any agreement, understanding, contract, promise, or arrangement, written or oral, between Executive and the Company and/or any of the Releasees, including but not limited to any claims arising under or in connection with equity award agreements and applicable governing plans; (e) any and all claims for or relating to any compensation, distributions, salary, wages, bonuses, commissions, income, carried interest, contributions, distributions, fees, income, contributions, overtime pay, incentive compensation, equity-based compensation, stock options, shares, equity, or any other actual or prospective stock, equity, option, profits, awards or grants; and (f) any other claims Executive may now have against the Releasees, whether known or unknown to Executive; Notwithstanding any releases granted in the foregoing, Executives right to be held harmless and Executives right to indemnification from the Company, as reflected in that certain Indemnity Agreement, dated February 27, 2024 (the Indemnification Agreement), or under the Companys by-laws or certificate of incorporation, shall not be released, altered, or limited in any way as a result of the foregoing.

In
addition, in exchange for Executives release herein and his compliance with this Agreement, the Company, on its behalf as well
as any agents, attorneys, successors, assigns, and other representatives and anyone acting or claiming on the Companys or their
joint or several behalf, hereby releases, waives, and forever discharges Executive and all of his heirs, executors and/or affiliates,
agents, attorneys, insurers and any of its or their predecessors, successors, assigns, and other representatives, and anyone acting on
their joint or several behalf from any and all known and unknown, suspected or unsuspected, claims, causes of action, demands, damages,
costs, expenses, attorneys fees, liabilities, or other losses, from the beginning of time through the date this Agreement is executed,
including, but not limited to, those that in any way arise from, grow out of, or are related to Executives employment and/or service
relationship with the Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries or the termination thereof or any contracts, agreements, awards,
policies, plans, programs or practices.

Nothing
contained herein shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (the
EEOC), the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), or other similar
governmental agency (federal, state, or local), or participating in investigations by such government entity. However, Executive acknowledges
that the release Executive executes herein waives Executives right to seek individual remedies in any such action or to seek or
accept individual remedies or monetary damages in any such action or lawsuit arising from such charges or investigations, including but
not limited to, back pay, front pay, or reinstatement; however, Executive may accept any monetary award offered by the SEC pursuant to
Section 21F of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Executive further agrees that if any person, organization, or other entity should
bring a claim against the Releasees involving any matter covered by this Agreement, Executive will not accept any personal relief in
any such action, including damages, attorneys fees, costs, and all other legal or equitable relief. Executive also does not release:
(i) any rights or claims that may arise after Executive signs this Agreement or which arise under this Agreement; (ii) any rights or
claims for unemployment compensation or workers compensation benefits; (iii) any rights under the Companys 401(k) plan,
if any; or (iv) any other rights that cannot be waived by private agreement or operation of law.

Executive
has filed no lawsuit, charge, claim or complaint with any governmental agency or in any court against the Company or the Releasees.

Dated:
_____________, 2025

Norman E. Snyder, Jr.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

Certain
identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful
if publicly disclosed.

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into as of April 16, 2025, by and between Cyril Wallace
(the Executive) and Reeds, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to employ the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS,
the Executive desires to be employed by the Company on such terms and conditions.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and obligations set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:

1.
Term. The Executives employment hereunder
shall be effective as of April 16, 2025 (the Effective Date) and shall be at-will, continuing until
terminated pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement. The period during which the Executive is employed by the Company hereunder is hereinafter
referred to as the Employment Term.

2.
Position and Duties.

2.1 Position.
During the Employment Term, the Executive shall serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, reporting to Board of Directors
(Board). In such position, the Executive shall have such duties, authority, and responsibilities as shall be determined
from time to time by Board, which duties, authority, and responsibilities are consistent with the Executives position.

2.2 Duties.
During the Employment Term, the Executive shall devote all of the Executives business time and attention to the performance of
the Executives duties hereunder and will not engage in any other business, profession, or occupation for compensation or otherwise
which would conflict or interfere with the performance of such services either directly or indirectly without the prior written consent
of the Board.

2.3
Executives employment is subject to execution by the parties of the
Companys standard Indemnification Agreement (the Indemnification Agreement) and Employee Confidentiality and Proprietary
Rights Agreement (ECPR).

3. Place
of Performance. The principal place of Executives employment shall be the Companys principal executive office
currently located in Norwalk, Connecticut; provided that, the Executive may be required to travel on Company business during the Employment
Term.

4.
Compensation.

4.1 Base
Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive an annual base salary (the Base Salary) of seven hundred thousand
dollars (US$700,000.00) in periodic installments semi-monthly in accordance with the Companys customary payroll practices and
applicable wage payment laws, subject to applicable withholding and deductions.

4.2 Sign-On
Bonus. Executive will receive a one-time sign-on bonus of thirty-five thousand dollars (US$35,000.00), which shall be payable
in the first payroll cycle following the Effective Date, subject to applicable withholdings and deductions. In the event that Executives
employment is terminated (for no reason or any reason) prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date, the Executive shall be required
to repay the Company the gross amount of the sign-on bonus under this Section 4.2.

4.3 Equity
Awards. Upon the establishment by the Board of a new equity incentive plan (Plan), subject to Executives
continued employment and Board approval, Executive will be granted the following equity awards:

(a) Restricted
Stock Award. As an inducement grant, Executive will be granted a restricted stock award of 280,000 shares of the Companys
common stock, $0.0001 par value (Common Stock), vesting in equal increments on a monthly basis for 12 consecutive months
commencing the Effective Date and otherwise subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, applicable award agreement and applicable
law.

(b) Performance-Based
Stock Option Awards. During the third quarter of calendar year 2025, Executive will be granted a performance-based stock option award
to purchase up to 462,722 shares of Common Stock. In each of 2025 and 2026, Executive will be granted a performance-based stock option
award to purchase up to 925,444 shares of common stock. Vesting of stock options underlying each award will be subject to achievement
of performance metrics set forth on Exhibit A, attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference. Stock options eligible
to vest in any given year will vest on a proportional basis based on the percentage of performance metrics achieved over 75%. For example,
if 85% of the performance metric is achieved in a year, approximately 40% of the applicable award for that year will vest and the remaining
60% will be forfeited. If 75% or less of the performance metrics are achieved for a year, all stock options underlying the applicable
award will be forfeited for that year. The exercise price of each tranche of stock options will be determined on the date of grant of
each tranche, in accordance with the Plan, and each performance-based stock option award will be granted subject to Board approval, the
applicable award agreement and applicable law.

4.4 Employee
Benefits. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices,
and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans), on
a basis which is no less favorable than is provided to other similarly situated executives of the Company, to the extent consistent with
applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate any Employee
Benefit Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable law. Executive will
be eligible to participate in the Companys health benefit plan on the first day the month following the Effective Date. The Companys
current policy is to pay 100% the health benefit plan premium for executives and their eligible dependents.

2

4.5 Paid
Time Off. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to 20 days of paid time off per calendar year (prorated for
partial years) in accordance with the Companys vacation policies as in effect from time to time. The Executive shall receive other
paid time off in accordance with the Companys policies for executive officers as such policies may exist from time to time. Unused
accrued paid time off will be forfeited annually, to the extent permitted in accordance with applicable law and Company policies then
in effect.

4.6 Relocation
Expenses. The Company shall pay, or reimburse the Executive for, up to $50,000 incurred by the Executive relating to the Executives
long-distance commute, temporary housing and subsequent relocation to or near Norwalk, Connecticut in accordance with the terms of the
Companys relocation policy. In the event that Executives employment is terminated (for no reason or any reason) prior to
the first anniversary of the Effective Date, the Executive shall be required to repay the Company the gross amount of any relocation
expenses paid or reimbursed under this Section 4.6. The Company will not be obligated to pay any additional relocation or commuting expenses
(long-distance or otherwise) to Executive.

4.7 Business
Expenses. The Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment,
and travel expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with the performance of the Executives duties hereunder in accordance
with the Companys expense reimbursement policies and procedures.

4.8 Clawback
Provisions. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based or other compensation
paid to the Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with the Company which is subject to recovery under
any law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required
to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant
to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement for time to time).

5. Termination
of Employment.

5.1 The
Executives employment hereunder may be terminated by either the Company or the Executive at any time and for any reason or no
reason upon 5 days written notice; provided Executives employment will terminate automatically upon Executives death;
provided further any termination due to disability of Executive and all payments made in connection with a disability shall be in a manner
which is consistent with federal and state law.

5.2 Upon
termination of the Executives employment, the Executive (or the Executives estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may
be) shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described in this Section 5 and shall have no further rights to any compensation
or any other benefits from the Company or any of its affiliates.

(a) any
accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued but unused paid time off;

(b) reimbursement
for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by the Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the Companys
expense reimbursement policy; and

3

(c) such
employee benefits, if any, to which the Executive may be entitled under the Companys Employee Benefit Plans; provided that, in
no event shall the Executive be entitled to any payments in the nature of severance or termination payments.

Items
5.1(a) through 5.1(c) are referred to herein collectively as the Accrued Amounts.

Upon
termination of Executives employment, the treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined in accordance with the terms
of the Plan and the applicable award agreements.

5.3
Resignation of All Other Positions. On termination
of the Executives employment hereunder (for any reason or no reason), the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all
positions that the Executive holds as an officer or member of the Board (or a committee thereof) of the Company or any of its affiliates.

5.4
Section 280G.

(a) If
any of the payments or benefits received or to be received by the Executive (including, without limitation, any payments or benefits
received in connection with the Executives termination of employment, whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other
plan, arrangement, or agreement, or otherwise) (all such payments collectively referred to herein as the 280G Payments)
constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and will be subject to the excise tax imposed
under Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), the Company shall pay to the Executive, no later than the time
such Excise Tax is required to be paid by the Executive or withheld by the Company, an additional amount equal to the sum of the Excise
Tax payable by the Executive, plus the amount necessary to put the Executive in the same after-tax position (taking into account any
and all applicable federal, state, and local excise, income, or other taxes at the highest applicable rates on such 280G Payments and
on any payments under this Section 5.4 or otherwise) as if no Excise Tax had been imposed.

(b) All
calculations and determinations under this Section 5.4 shall be made by an independent accounting firm or independent tax counsel appointed
by the Company (the Tax Counsel) whose determinations shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and the Executive
for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations and determinations required by this Section 5.4, the Tax Counsel may rely on
reasonable, good faith assumptions and approximations concerning the application of Section 280G and Section 4999 of the Code. The Company
and the Executive shall furnish the Tax Counsel with such information and documents as the Tax Counsel may reasonably request in order
to make its determinations under this Section 5.4. The Company shall bear all costs the Tax Counsel may reasonably incur in connection
with its services.

4

6. Cooperation.
The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during the Employment Term may necessitate the Executives
cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of the Executives employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably
requested by the Board, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of the Executives
service to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of the Executives other
activities. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation and, to the
extent that the Executive is required to spend substantial time on such matters, the Company shall compensate the Executive at an hourly
rate based on the Executives Base Salary.

7. Arbitration.
Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or related to this Agreement or any breach of this Agreement or the Executives
employment, whether the claim arises in contract, tort, or statute, shall be submitted to and decided by binding arbitration. Arbitration
shall be administered exclusively by JAMS located in (or if not available, near) Fairfield County, Connecticut and shall be conducted
consistent with the rules, regulations, and requirements thereof as well as any requirements imposed by state law. Any arbitral award
determination shall be final and binding upon the parties.

8. Governing
Law: Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Connecticut
without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought
only in a state or federal court located in the state of Connecticut, County of Fairfield. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding
in such venue.

9.
Entire Agreement. Unless specifically provided
herein, this Agreement, the Indemnification Agreement and the CPRA contains all of the understandings and representations between the
Executive and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements,
representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter; provided any grants of equity awards to
Executive shall further be subject to the Plan and applicable award agreement(s).

10.
Modification and Waiver. No provision of this
Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by
the Chief Financial Officer or other authorized signatory of the Company. No waiver by either of the parties of any breach by the other
party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any
similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either
of the parties in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power, or privilege.

11.
Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement
be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be enforceable only if modified, or if any portion of this Agreement shall be held as
unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which
shall continue to be binding upon the parties with any such modification to become a part hereof and treated as though originally set
forth in this Agreement.

The
parties further agree that any such court is expressly authorized to modify any such unenforceable provision of this Agreement in lieu
of severing such unenforceable provision from this Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting the offending provision, deleting
any or all of the offending provision, adding additional language to this Agreement, or by making such other modifications as it deems
warranted to carry out the intent and agreement of the parties as embodied herein to the maximum extent permitted by law.

5

The
parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified by the court shall be binding upon and enforceable against each of them. In
any event, should one or more of the provisions of this Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such
invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and if such provision or provisions are not
modified as provided above, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions had not been set
forth herein.

12.
Captions. Captions and headings of the sections
and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference
to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

13.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

14.
Section 409A.

14.1
General Compliance. This Agreement is intended
to comply with Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies
with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation
pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent
possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment.
Any payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made upon a separation from service
under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under
this Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties,
interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by the Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A.

14.2
Reimbursements. To the extent required by Section
409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement shall be provided in accordance with the following:

(a) the
amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses eligible
for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year;

(b) any
reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to the Executive on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar
year in which the expense was incurred; and

(c) any
right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

6

15. Notification
to Subsequent Employer. When the Executives employment with the Company terminates, the Executive agrees to notify
any subsequent employer of the restrictive covenants sections contained in this Agreement. The Executive will also deliver a copy of
such notice to the Company before the Executive commences employment with any subsequent employer. In addition, the Executive authorizes
the Company to provide a copy of the restrictive covenants sections of this Agreement to third parties, including but not limited to,
the Executives subsequent, anticipated, or possible future employer.

16.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is personal
to the Executive and shall not be assigned by the Executive. Any purported assignment by the Executive shall be null and void from the
initial date of the purported assignment. The Company may assign this Agreement to any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect,
by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company. This Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of the Company and permitted successors and assigns.

17.
Notice. Notices and all other communications
provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, or by overnight carrier to the parties at the addresses set forth below (or such other addresses as specified by the
parties by like notice):

If
to the Company:

Attention:
Chief Financial Officer

Reeds,
Inc.

501
Merritt 7 Corporate Park

Norwalk,
CA 06851

If
to the Executive:

3625
Mere Lane

Marietta,
GA 30062

18.
Representations of the Executive. The Executive
represents and warrants to the Company that:

(a) The
Executives acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of duties hereunder will not conflict with or result
in a violation of, a breach of, or a default under any contract, agreement, or understanding to which the Executive is a party or is
otherwise bound.

(b) The
Executives acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of duties hereunder will not violate any non-solicitation,
non-competition, or other similar covenant or agreement of a prior employer.

19.
Withholding. The Company shall have the right
to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state, and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding
tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation.

20.
Survival. Upon the expiration or other termination
of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive such expiration or other termination to
the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

21.
Acknowledgement of Full Understanding. THE EXECUTIVE
ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES
AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF THE EXECUTIVES CHOICE BEFORE
SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.

7

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

REEDS,
INC.

By:
/s/
Shufen Deng

Name: Shufen
Deng

Title:
Chairperson
of the Board of Directors

CYRIL
WALLACE 

Signature:
/s/
Cyril Wallace 

8

EXHIBIT
A

Performance
Metrics

[Information
has been omitted from this Exhibit A]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

Form
of Employee Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement

This
Employee Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement (Agreement) is entered into by and between Reeds,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, (the Employer) on behalf of itself, its subsidiaries, and other corporate affiliates
(collectively referred to herein as the Employer Group), and ________ (the Employee)
(the Employer and the Employee are collectively referred to herein as the Parties) as of April ______, 2025 (the
Effective Date). The Employer Groups businesses and existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors,
distributors and vendors and other associated third parties are referred to herein as Associated Third Parties.)

In
consideration of the Employees employment by the Employer, which the Employee acknowledges to be good and valuable consideration
for the Employees obligations hereunder, the Employer and the Employee hereby agree as follows:

1.
Confidentiality and Security.

(a) Confidential
Information. The Employee understands and acknowledges that during the course of employment by the Employer, the Employee will have access
to and learn about confidential, secret, and proprietary documents, materials, data, and other information, in tangible and intangible
form, of and relating to the Employer Group and its businesses and Associated Third Parties (Confidential Information).
The Employee further understands and acknowledges that this Confidential Information and the Employers ability to reserve it for
the exclusive knowledge and use of the Employer Group is of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Employer, and that
improper use or disclosure of the Confidential Information by the Employee will cause irreparable harm to the Employer Group, for which
remedies at law will not be adequate and may also cause the Employer to incur financial costs, loss of business advantage, liability
under confidentiality agreements with third parties, civil damages and criminal penalties.

For
purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally known to the public,
in spoken, printed, electronic or any other form or medium, relating directly or indirectly to: business processes, practices, methods,
policies, plans, publications, documents, research, operations, services, strategies, techniques, agreements, contracts, terms of agreements,
transactions, potential transactions, negotiations, pending negotiations, know-how, trade secrets, computer programs, computer software,
applications, operating systems, software design, web design, work-in-process, databases, device configurations, embedded data, compilations,
metadata, technologies, manuals, records, articles, systems, material, sources of material, supplier information, vendor information,
financial information, results, accounting information, accounting records, legal information, marketing information, advertising information,
pricing information, credit information, design information, payroll information, staffing information, personnel information, employee
lists, supplier lists, vendor lists, developments, reports, internal controls, security procedures, graphics, drawings, sketches, market
studies, sales information, revenue, costs, formulae, notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, designs, styles, models, ideas,
audiovisual programs, inventions, unpublished patent applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental processes,
experimental results, specifications, formulas, customer information, customer lists, client information, client lists, manufacturing
information, factory lists, distributor lists, and buyer lists of the Employer Group or its businesses or any Associated Third Party,
or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Employer in confidence.

The
Employee understands that the above list is not exhaustive, and that Confidential Information also includes other information that is
marked or otherwise identified as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable person to be confidential
or proprietary in the context and circumstances in which the information is known or used.

The
Employee understands and agrees that Confidential Information developed by the Employee in the course of the Employees employment
by the Employer shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as if the Employer furnished the same Confidential Information
to the Employee in the first instance. Confidential Information shall not include information that is generally available to and known
by the public, provided that such disclosure to the public is through no direct or indirect fault of the Employee or person(s) acting
on the Employees behalf.

(b) Disclosure
and Use Restrictions.

(i) The
Employee covenants:

(A) to
treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential;

(B) not
to directly or indirectly disclose, publish, communicate, or make available Confidential Information, or allow it to be disclosed, published,
communicated, or made available, in whole or part, to any entity or person whatsoever (including other employees of the Employer Group)
not having a need to know and authority to know and to use the Confidential Information in connection with the business of the Employer
Group and, in any event, not to anyone outside of the direct employ of the Employer Group, except with the prior consent of an authorized
officer acting on behalf of the Employer Group in each instance (and then, such disclosure shall be made only within the limits and to
the extent of such consent) and only after execution of a confidentiality agreement by the third party with whom Confidential Information
will be shared; and

(C) not
to access or use any Confidential Information, and not to copy any documents, records, files, media, or other resources containing any
Confidential Information, or remove any such documents, records, files, media, or other resources from the premises or control of the
Employer Group, except with the prior consent of an authorized officer acting on behalf of the Employer Group in each instance (and then,
such access or use shall only be within the limits and to the extent of such consent). The Employee understands and acknowledges that
the Employees obligations under this Agreement regarding any particular Confidential Information begin immediately and shall continue
during and after the Employees employment by the Employer until the Confidential Information has become public knowledge other
than as a result of the Employees breach of this Agreement or a breach by those acting in concert with the Employee or on the
Employees behalf.

2

(ii) Permitted
disclosures. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required by applicable
law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that
the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation, or order. The Employee shall promptly provide
written notice of any such order to an authorized officer of the Employer Group.

(iii) Nothing
in this Agreement prohibits or restricts the Employee (or Employees attorney) from filing a charge or complaint with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or any other securities regulatory agency or authority.
The Employee further understands that this Agreement does not limit the Employees ability to communicate with any securities regulatory
agency or authority or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any securities regulatory agency
or authority in connection with reporting a possible securities law violation without notice to the Employer. This Agreement does not
limit the Employees right to receive an award for information provided to the SEC staff.

(iv) Notice
of Immunity Under the Economic Espionage Act of 1996, as amended by the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement:

(A) This
Employee will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret
that is made: (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and
solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (2) in a complaint or other document that is filed
under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding.

(B) If
the Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Employer for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Employee may disclose the
Employers trade secrets to the Employees attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the Employee
(1) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (2) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

(c) Duration
of Confidentiality Obligations. The Employee understands and acknowledges that the Employees obligations under this Agreement
with regard to any particular Confidential Information shall commence immediately upon the Employee first having access to such Confidential
Information (whether before or after the Employee begins employment by the Employer) and shall continue during and after the Employees
employment by the Employer until such time as such Confidential Information has become public knowledge other than as a result of the
Employees breach of this Agreement or breach by those acting in concert with the Employee or on the Employees behalf.

3

2. Proprietary
Rights.

(a) Work
Product. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that, subject to 2(c), all writings, works of authorship, technology, inventions, discoveries,
ideas, and other work product of any nature whatsoever, that are created, prepared, produced, authored, edited, amended, conceived, or
reduced to practice by the Employee individually or jointly with others during the period of the Employees employment by the Employer
and relating in any way to the business or contemplated business, research, or development of the Employer (regardless of when or where
the Work Product is prepared or whose equipment or other resources is used in preparing the same) and all printed, physical, and electronic
copies, all improvements, rights, and claims related to the foregoing, and other tangible embodiments thereof (collectively, Work
Product), as well as any and all rights in and to copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks (and related goodwill), mask works,
patents and other intellectual property rights therein arising in any jurisdiction throughout the world and all related rights of priority
under international conventions with respect thereto, including all pending and future applications and registrations therefor, and continuations,
divisions, continuations-in-part, reissues, extensions, and renewals thereof (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights),
shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Employer.

For
purposes of this Agreement, Work Product includes, but is not limited to, Employer Group information, including plans, publications,
research, strategies, techniques, agreements, documents, contracts, terms of agreements, negotiations, know-how, computer programs, computer
applications, software design, web design, work in progress, databases, manuals, results, developments, reports, graphics, drawings,
sketches, market studies, formulae, notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, product designs, styles, models, audiovisual programs,
inventions, unpublished patent applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental processes, experimental results,
specifications, customer information, client information, customer lists, client lists, manufacturing information, marketing information,
advertising information, and sales information.

(b) Work
Made for Hire; Assignment. The Employee acknowledges that, by reason of being employed by the Employer at the relevant times, to the
extent permitted by law, all of the Work Product consisting of copyrightable subject matter is work made for hire as defined
in the Copyright Act of 1976 (17 U.S.C. 101), and such copyrights are therefore owned by the Employer. To the extent that the
foregoing does not apply, the Employee hereby irrevocably assigns to the Employer, for no additional consideration, the Employees
entire right, title, and interest in and to all Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights therein, including the right to sue, counterclaim
and recover for all past, present, and future infringement, misappropriation, or dilution thereof, and all rights corresponding thereto
throughout the world. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to reduce or limit the Employers rights, title, or
interest in any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights so as to be less in any respect than that the Employer would have had in
the absence of this Agreement.

4

(c) Further
Assurances; Power of Attorney. During and after the Employees employment, the Employee agrees to reasonably cooperate with the
Employer at the Employers expense to (i) apply for, obtain, perfect, and transfer to the Employer the Work Product and Intellectual
Property Rights in the Work Product in any jurisdiction in the world; and (ii) maintain, protect, and enforce the same, including, without
limitation, executing and delivering to the Employer any and all applications, oaths, declarations, affidavits, waivers, assignments,
and other documents and instruments as shall be requested by the Employer. The Employee hereby irrevocably grants the Employer power
of attorney to execute and deliver any such documents on the Employees behalf in the Employees name and to do all other
lawfully permitted acts to transfer the Work Product to the Employer and further the transfer, issuance, prosecution, and maintenance
of all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to the full extent permitted by law, if the Employee does not promptly cooperate with the
Employers request (without limiting the rights the Employer shall have in such circumstances by operation of law). The power of
attorney is coupled with an interest and shall not be impacted by the Employees subsequent incapacity.

(d) Moral
Rights. To the extent any copyrights are assigned under this Agreement, the Employee hereby irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted
by applicable law, any and all claims the Employee may now or hereafter have in any jurisdiction to all rights of paternity, integrity,
disclosure, and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as moral rights with respect to all Work Product and
all Intellectual Property Rights therein.

(e) No
License. The Employee understands that this Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, grant the Employee any license or right
of any nature with respect to any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights or any Confidential Information, materials, software,
or other tools made available to the Employee by the Employer.

3.
Security.

(a) Security
and Access. The Employee agrees and covenants (i) to comply with all Employer Group security policies and procedures as in force from
time to time including without limitation those regarding computer equipment, telephone systems, voicemail systems, facilities access,
monitoring, key cards, access codes, Employer Group intranet, the internet, social media and instant messaging systems, computer systems,
email systems, computer networks, document storage systems, software, data security, encryption, firewalls, passwords, and any and all
other Employer Group facilities, IT resources, and communication technologies (Facilities Information Technology and Access
Resources); (ii) not to access or use any Facilities and Information Technology Resources except as authorized by the Employer;
and (iii) not to access or use any Facilities and Information Technology Resources in any manner after the termination of the Employees
employment by the Employer, whether termination is voluntary or involuntary. The Employee agrees to notify the Employer promptly in the
event the Employee learns of any violation of the foregoing by others, or of any other misappropriation or unauthorized access, use,
reproduction, or reverse engineering of, or tampering with any Facilities and Information Technology Access Resources or other Employer
Group property or materials by others.

5

(b) Exit
Obligations. Upon (i) voluntary or involuntary termination of the Employees employment or (ii) the Employers request at
any time during the Employees employment, the Employee shall (A) provide or return to the Employer any and all Employer Group
property, including keys, key cards, access cards, identification cards, security devices, employer credit cards, network access devices,
computers, cell phones, smartphones, PDAs, equipment, speakers, webcams, manuals, reports, files, books, compilations, work product,
email messages, recordings, tapes, disks, thumb drives, other removable information storage devices, hard drives, negatives data, and
all Employer Group documents and materials belonging to the Employer and stored in any fashion, including but not limited to those that
constitute or contain any Confidential Information or Work Product, that are in the possession or control of the Employee, whether they
were provided to the Employee by the Employer Group or any of its business associates or created by the Employee in connection with the
Employees employment by the Employer; and (B) delete or destroy all copies of any such documents and materials not returned to
the Employer that remain in the Employees possession or control, including those stored on any non-Employer Group devices, networks,
storage locations, and media in the Employees possession or control.

4. Non-Disparagement.
The Employee agrees and covenants that the Employee will not make, publish, or communicate defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments,
or statements concerning any of the Employer Groups products or services. The Employee agrees and covenants that the Employee
will not at any time make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any maliciously false, defamatory or
disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Employer Group or its businesses, or any of its employees, officers, and
Associated Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right the Employee may have to exercise protected rights to the
extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement, or otherwise disclose information as permitted by law. The Employee is permitted
to discuss the terms and conditions of employment with coworkers, the media, or others for mutual aid or protection.

This
Section does not restrict or impede the Employee from exercising any rights to communicate with securities regulators to report suspected
unlawful conduct. This Section also does not prevent the Employee from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order
of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required
by the law, regulation, or order. The Employee shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to an authorized officer of the
Employer Group within 20 days of receiving such order, but in any event sufficiently in advance of making any disclosure to permit the
Employer to contest the order or seek confidentiality protections, as determined in the Employers sole discretion.

5. Non-Solicitation
of Employees. The Employee agrees and covenants not to directly or indirectly solicit, hire, recruit, attempt to hire or recruit, or
induce the termination of employment of any employee of the Employer Group, or attempt to do so, during a term of two-years, to run consecutively,
beginning on the last day of the Employees employment with the Company.

6

6. Non-Solicitation
of Associated Third Parties. The Employee understands and acknowledges that because of the Employees experience with and relationship
to the Employer Group, the Employee will have access to and learn about much or all of the Employer Groups information relating
to Associated Third Parties. Associated Party Information includes, but is not limited to, names, phone numbers,
addresses, email addresses, order history, order preferences, chain of command, decisionmakers, pricing information, and other information
identifying facts and circumstances specific to the third party and relevant to sales. The Employee understands and acknowledges that
loss of any of these third-party relationships and/or goodwill will cause significant and irreparable harm. The Employee agrees and covenants,
during two years, to run consecutively, beginning on the last day of the Employees employment with the Company, not to directly
or indirectly solicit, contact (including but not limited to email, regular mail, express mail, telephone, instant message, or social
media), attempt to contact, or meet with the Companys Associated Third Parties for purposes of offering or accepting goods or
services similar to or competitive with those offered by the Company.

7. Acknowledgment.
The Employee acknowledges and agrees that the services to be rendered by the Employee to the Employer are of a special and unique character;
that the Employee will obtain knowledge and skill relevant to the Employers industry, methods of doing business, and marketing
strategies by virtue of the Employees employment; and that the terms and conditions of this Agreement are reasonable under these
circumstances. The Employee further acknowledges that the amount of the Employees compensation reflects, in part, the Employees
obligations and the Employers rights under this Agreement; that the Employee has no expectation of any additional compensation,
royalties, or other payment of any kind not otherwise referenced herein in connection herewith; that the Employee will not be subject
to undue hardship by reason of the Employees full compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the Employers
enforcement thereof; and that this Agreement is not a contract of employment and shall not be construed as a commitment by either of
the Parties to continue an employment relationship for any certain period of time. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed
to in any way terminate, supersede, undermine, or otherwise modify the at-will status of the employment relationship between the Employer
and the Employee, pursuant to which either the Employer or the Employee may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or
without cause, with or without notice.

8.
Remedies. The Employee acknowledges that the
Employers Confidential Information and the Employers ability to reserve it for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Employer
Group is of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Employer, and that improper use or disclosure of the Confidential
Information by the Employee will cause irreparable harm to the Employer Group, for which remedies at law will not be adequate. In the
event of a breach or threatened breach by the Employee of any of the provisions of this Agreement, the Employee hereby consents and agrees
that the Employer shall be entitled to seek, in addition to other available remedies, a temporary or permanent injunction or other equitable
relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity of showing any actual
damages or that monetary damages would not afford an adequate remedy, and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security.
The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damages, or other available forms
of relief. The Employee further acknowledges that each member of the Employer Group is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

9.
Successors and Assigns.

(a) Assignment
by the Employer. The Employer may assign this Agreement to any subsidiary or corporate affiliate in the Employer Group or otherwise,
or to any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially
all of the business or assets of the Employer. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Employer Group and permitted successors
and assigns.

7

(b) No
Assignment by the Employee. The Employee may not assign this Agreement or any part hereof. Any purported assignment by the Employee shall
be null and void from the initial date of purported assignment.

10. Arbitration.
Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or related to this Agreement or any breach of this Agreement shall be submitted to
and decided by binding arbitration. Arbitration shall be administered exclusively by JAMS located in Fairfield County, Connecticut and
shall be conducted consistent with the rules, regulations, and requirements thereof. Any arbitral award determination shall be final
and binding upon the Parties.

11. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Connecticut without
regard to conflicts-of-law principles and all disputes, actions or proceedings arising under or relating to this Agreement shall be brought
and resolved solely and exclusively in the state and Federal courts located in Fairfield County, Connecticut.

12. Entire
Agreement. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all the understandings and representations between
the Employee and the Employer pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements,
representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.

13.
Modification and Waiver. No provision of this
Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing and signed by the Employee and by
the Chief Executive Officer. No waiver by either of the Parties of any breach by the other Party hereto of any condition or provision
of this Agreement to be performed by the other Party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision or condition
at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either of the Parties in exercising any right, power,
or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such
right, power, or privilege.

14. Severability.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be enforceable only if modified, or if any portion
of this Agreement shall be held as unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this
Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the Parties with any such modification to become a part hereof and
treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement. The Parties further agree that any such court is expressly authorized to modify
any such unenforceable provision of this Agreement in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision from this Agreement in its entirety,
whether by rewriting the offending provision, deleting any or all of the offending provision, by adding additional language to this Agreement,
or by making such other modifications as it deems warranted to carry out the intent and agreement of the Parties as embodied herein to
the maximum extent permitted by law. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified by the court shall be binding upon
and enforceable against each of them. In any event, should one or more of the provisions of this Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal,
or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and if
such provision or provisions are not modified as provided above, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable
provisions had not been set forth herein.

15.
Captions. Captions and headings of the sections
and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference
to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

16.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile, email in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic
means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document has the same effect as delivery of an executed
original of this Agreement.

[signature
page follows]

8

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Employee Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement as of the Effective Date
above.

REEDS,
INC.

By:

Name: 

Title: 

EMPLOYEE 

Signature:

Print
Name: 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Reeds
Announces Leadership and Board Updates

CEO
Norman E. Snyder, Jr. to Retire; Cyril Wallace Appointed as CEO and Director; Ruud Bakker also Joins Board of Directors

Norwalk,
CT, (April 17, 2025) Reeds, Inc. (OTCQX: REED) (Reeds or the Company), owner
of the nations leading portfolio of handcrafted, natural ginger beverages, today announced key updates to its executive leadership
team and Board of Directors (the Board). Cyril Wallace has been appointed to Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
and Director, succeeding Norman E. Snyder, Jr. who is stepping down to retire. In addition, the Company has appointed seasoned
beverage executive Ruud Bakker to its Board.

Mr.
Wallace brings more than 20 years of leadership experience from PepsiCo, where he most recently served as Vice President and General
Manager overseeing a $3.2 billion territory. A strategic and results-driven executive, Mr. Wallace has consistently delivered strong
revenue and margin performance, spearheaded innovative growth strategies and built high-performing teams. Throughout his career, he has
earned multiple top sales honors and played a key role in PepsiCos diversity and talent development efforts. Mr. Wallace holds
a Master of Business Administration in Project Management from the Keller Graduate School of Management at DeVry University and a Bachelor
of Arts in Marketing from Georgia State University.

Mr.
Bakker joins the Board with more than 25 years of global leadership experience across the beverage industry, including senior roles at
Red Bull, Diageo and Heineken. He has led market expansion efforts, brand revitalization initiatives, and innovation strategies across
both emerging and developed markets. Mr. Bakker is also the founder of Purple Fox Studios, a beverage innovation incubator that collaborates
with entrepreneurs and companies to launch and scale distinctive brands. He holds a Master of Business Administration from Erasmus University
and has completed executive programs at Harvard Business School, London Business School, and Kellogg Executive Education.

We
extend our deepest gratitude to Norm for his leadership over the past five years, said Shufen Deng, Chairperson of the Board.
He helped stabilize and revitalize the Company amid unprecedented industry and macroeconomic headwinds during and after the COVID-19
pandemic. Under his guidance, the Company restructured its operations, optimized costs, and built a stronger foundation for future growth.
His expertise, dedication and tireless work will have a lasting impact on our organization.

Ms.
Deng continued, We are thrilled to welcome Cyril as our new CEO and Director. His strategic vision and operational expertise
will be instrumental as we expand distribution, launch new products and drive profitability. We are equally pleased to welcome Ruud to
our Board his extensive international experience and executive positions with leading global beverage companies make him an exceptional
addition. Together, Cyril and Ruud will help lead Reeds into its next chapter of growth.

I
am incredibly proud of what weve accomplished at Reeds, said Norman E. Snyder, Jr. We have built a resilient
business, introduced exciting innovations, and improved operations across key functional areas of the Company. I leave knowing that Reeds
is in good hands and look forward to spending more time with my family and cheering on the Company as a shareholder.

About
Reeds, Inc.

Reeds
is an innovative company and category leader that provides the world with high quality, premium and naturally bold better-for-you
beverages. Established in 1989, Reeds is a leader in craft beverages under the Reeds, Virgils and Flying
Cauldron brand names. The Companys beverages are now sold in over 32,000 stores nationwide.

Reeds
is known as Americas #1 name in natural, ginger-based beverages. Crafted using real ginger and premium ingredients, Reeds
portfolio includes ginger beers, ginger ales, ready-to- drink ginger mules and hard ginger ales. The brand has recently successfully
expanded into the zero-sugar segment with its proprietary, natural sweetener system.

Virgils
is an award-winning line of craft sodas, made with the finest natural ingredients and without GMOs or artificial preservatives. The brand
offers an array of great tasting, bold flavored sodas including Root Beer, Vanilla Cream, Black Cherry, Orange Cream, and Cola. These
flavors are also available in five zero sugar varieties which are naturally sweetened and certified ketogenic.

Flying
Cauldron is a non-alcoholic butterscotch beer prized for its creamy vanilla and butterscotch flavors. Sought after by beverage aficionados,
Flying Cauldron is made with natural ingredients and no artificial flavors, sweeteners, preservatives, gluten, caffeine, or GMOs.

For
more information, visit drinkreeds.com, virgils.com and flyingcauldron.com. To receive exclusive perks for Reeds investors, please
visit the Companys page on the Stockperks app here.

Forward-Looking
Statements

Statements
in this release that are not historical are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements
are typically identified by terms such as will, position, and similar expressions. These forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations. The achievement or success of the matters covered by such forward-looking statements involves
risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond our control.

The
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: inventory shortages; risks associated with new product releases; the impacts
of further inflation; risks that customer demand may fluctuate or decrease; risks that we are unable to collect unbilled contractual
commitments, particularly in the current economic environment; our ability to compete successfully and manage growth; our significant
debt obligations; our ability to develop and expand strategic and third party distribution channels; our dependence on third party suppliers,
brewers and distributors; third party co-packers meeting contractual commitments; risks related to our international operations; our
ability to attract and retain experienced management and personnel; our ability to continue to innovate; our strategy of making investments
in sales to drive growth; increasing costs of fuel and freight, protection of intellectual property; competition; general political or
destabilizing events, including the wars in Ukraine and Israel, conflict or acts of terrorism; financial markets, commodity and currency
impacts of the wars; the effect of evolving domestic and foreign government regulations, including those addressing data privacy and
cross-border data transfers; and other risks detailed from time to time in Reeds public filings, including Reeds annual
report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2025, which is available on the Securities and Exchange Commissions web site at www.sec.gov.
These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and speak only as of the date hereof. Reeds assumes no obligation
and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.

Investor
Relations Contact 

Sean
Mansouri, CFA or Aaron DSouza

Elevate
IR

ir@reedsinc.com

(720)
330-2829
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>reed-20250414.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>reed-20250414_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>reed-20250414_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-32501

Entity Registrant Name REEDS,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001140215

Entity Tax Identification Number 35-2177773

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 501
Merritt 7 Corporate Park

Entity Address, City or Town Norwalk

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06851

City Area Code (800)

Local Phone Number 997-3337

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://drinkreeds.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
reed-20250414.xsd 
reed-20250414_lab.xml 
reed-20250414_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-005164-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001140215 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001140215 
8-K 
2025-04-14 
REEDS, INC. 
DE 
001-32501 
35-2177773 
501 Merritt 7 Corporate Park 
Norwalk 
CT 
06851 
(800) 
997-3337 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>