<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-007360.txt : 20250116
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-007360.hdr.sgml : 20250116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250116063026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-007360
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001193311
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				752967830
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-100240
		FILM NUMBER:		25534287

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1616 WOODALL RODGERS FWY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-486-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1616 WOODALL RODGERS FWY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070425

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TXU ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040714

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020926
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d938963d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO LLCDEfalse000119331100011933112025-01-142025-01-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) - January 14, 2025

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE 333-100240 75-2967830

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1616 Woodall Rodgers Fwy., Dallas, Texas75202

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code - (214)486-2000

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

None None None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 2.03 

CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A REGISTRANT. 

On January 14, 2025, Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (Oncor) completed a sale of $100 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the New 2029 Notes). The New 2029 Notes constitute an additional issuance of Oncors 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029, $550 million of which Oncor previously issued on November 13, 2024 and are currently outstanding (the Outstanding 2029 Notes). 

Oncor used the proceeds (net of discounts and fees to the initial purchaser, estimated expenses related to the offering of the New 2029 Notes, and accrued interest) of approximately $97.6 million from the sale of the New 2029 Notes for general corporate purposes, including to repay a portion of the outstanding commercial paper notes issued under its commercial paper program. 

The New 2029 Notes were issued pursuant to the provisions of an Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2002, between Oncor and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, formerly The Bank of New York), as trustee (the Trustee) (as amended and supplemented, the Indenture), supplemented by an Officers Certificate, dated January 14, 2025 (the 2025 Officers Certificate), and further supplemented by an Officers Certificate, dated November 13, 2024 (the 2024 Officers Certificate). The Indenture and each of the 2024 Officers Certificate and the 2025 Officers Certificate establish the terms of the New 2029 Notes. The New 2029 Notes were issued as part of the same series as the Outstanding 2029 Notes and will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture. The New 2029 Notes will be treated together with Oncors other outstanding debt securities issued under the Indenture for amendments and waivers and for taking certain other actions. 

Oncors obligations under the New 2029 Notes are secured by a lien on all property acquired or constructed by Oncor for the transmission and distribution of electric energy, mortgaged as described under the Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing (as amended, the Deed of Trust), dated as of May 15, 2008, from Oncor to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, formerly The Bank of New York), as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent). 

The New 2029 Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.65% per annum and mature on November 1, 2029. Interest on the New 2029 Notes will accrue from November 13, 2024 and will be payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on May 1, 2025. Prior to October 1, 2029, Oncor may redeem the New 2029 Notes at any time, in whole or in part, at a price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium. On and after October 1, 2029, Oncor may redeem the New 2029 Notes at any time, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the New 2029 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 

The New 2029 Notes, the Indenture and the Deed of Trust also contain customary events of default, including failure to pay principal or interest on the New 2029 Notes when due, among others. If any such event of default occurs and is continuing, the outstanding principal of the New 2029 Notes may be declared due and payable, among other remedies as provided in the Indenture. 

The New 2029 Notes were sold to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. This current report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the New 2029 Notes. 

In connection with the completion of the sale of the New 2029 Notes, on January 14, 2025, Oncor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the initial purchaser of the New 2029 Notes (the Registration Rights Agreement). Under the Registration Rights Agreement, Oncor agreed, subject to certain exceptions, to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to a registered offer to exchange the New 2029 Notes for publicly registered notes (the Exchange Offer Registration Statement), or under certain circumstances, a shelf registration statement to cover resales of the New 2029 Notes (the Shelf Registration Statement). 

Oncor agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Exchange Offer Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act on or prior to April 1, 2026 and to consummate the exchange offer on or prior to May 15, 2026. Oncor agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any Shelf Registration Statement to become or be declared effective within the later of 180 days after such Shelf Registration Statement filing obligation arises and April 1, 2026. If Oncor does not comply with certain of its obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement, the affected 2029 Notes will bear additional interest on the principal amount of the affected 2029 Notes at a rate of 0.50% per annum over the interest rate otherwise provided for under such 2029 Notes for the period during which the registration default continues, but not later than the second anniversary of the issue date of the New 2029 Notes. 

Prior to being exchanged or sold in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement, the New 2029 Notes, unlike the Outstanding 2029 Notes that are exchanged in the exchange offer currently being conducted pursuant to the registration rights agreement relating to the Outstanding 2029 Notes (the Outstanding 2029 Notes Exchange Offer), will contain restrictions on transfer. The New 2029 Notes will not be eligible to participate in the Outstanding 2029 Notes Exchange Offer. The New 2029 Notes, once exchanged or sold in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement, will not be subject to such restrictions on transfer. In addition, holders of the Outstanding 2029 Notes are not entitled to additional interest in the event we do not meet certain of our obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement nor are they entitled to any further rights under the Registration Rights Agreement. The New 2029 Notes exchanged or sold in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement relating to the New 2029 Notes are expected to be designated by the same CUSIP number as, and accordingly be fungible with, any exchanged Outstanding 2029 Notes. 

A copy of the Indenture was filed by Oncor as an exhibit to its Form S-4 filed October 2, 2002 and a copy of Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated May 15, 2008, between Oncor and the Trustee was filed by Oncor as an exhibit to its Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2008, which are incorporated by reference herein. A copy of the Deed of Trust was filed by Oncor as an exhibit to its Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2008, the First Amendment to the Deed of Trust, dated March 2, 2009, between Oncor and the Collateral Agent was filed by Oncor as an exhibit to its Form 10-K filed March 3, 2009, the Second Amendment to the Deed of Trust, dated September 3, 2010, between Oncor and the Collateral Agent was filed by Oncor as an exhibit to its Form 8-K filed September 3, 2010, and the Third Amendment to the Deed of Trust, dated November 10, 2011, between Oncor and the Collateral Agent was filed by Oncor as an exhibit to its Form 8-K filed November 15, 2011, which are incorporated by reference herein. A copy of the 2024 Officers Certificate was filed by Oncor as an exhibit to its Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2024, which is incorporated by reference herein. The 2025 Officers Certificate and the Registration Rights Agreement are attached as Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2, respectively, to this current report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference. The above description of the Indenture, as supplemented, the Deed of Trust, as amended, the 2024 Officers Certificate, the 2025 Officers Certificate, the New 2029 Notes and the Registration Rights Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Indenture, the Deed of Trust, the 2024 Officers Certificate, the 2025 Officers Certificate, the New 2029 Notes and the Registration Rights Agreement, respectively. 

ITEM 7.01 

REGULATION FD DISCLOSURE. 

On January 16, 2025, Oncor announced that it has extended its pending offers to exchange $550,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its Outstanding 2029 Notes and $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.55% Senior Secured Notes due 2054 for its 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 and 5.55% Senior Secured Notes due 2054 that have been registered under the Securities Act. 

The exchange offers were previously scheduled to expire at 5:00 pm, New York City time, on January 16, 2025 and have been extended until 5:00 pm, New York City time, on January 21, 2025. 

A copy of the notice announcing the extension of the exchange offers is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information furnished in this Item 7.01 shall not be deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and will not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement filed under the Securities Act, unless specifically identified therein as being incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 9.01 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description

4.1 Officers Certificate, dated January 14, 2025, relating to Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLCs additional 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029. 

4.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, among Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and the initial purchaser of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLCs additional 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029. 

99.1 Notice announcing extension of deadline for exchange offers. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC

By: 

/s/ Kevin R. Fease

Name: Kevin R. Fease

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Dated: January 16, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d938963dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

28-AO-28

ADDITIONAL 4.65% SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2029. 

The undersigned, Kevin R. Fease, Vice President and Treasurer of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (formerly TXU Electric Delivery Company
(formerly Oncor Electric Delivery Company)) (the Company) (all capitalized terms used herein which are not defined herein but are defined in the Indenture referred to below, shall have the meanings specified in the Indenture),
pursuant to Board Resolutions dated October 24, 2023 and Board Resolutions dated October 30, 2024 (collectively, the Board Resolutions), and Sections 102, 201, 301, 303(d) and 707(c)(ii) of the Indenture (For Unsecured Debt
Securities), dated as of August 1, 2002, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, formerly The Bank of New York), as Trustee (the Trustee), as
supplemented and amended by Supplemental Indenture No. 1 dated as of May 15, 2008, between the Company and the Trustee (as heretofore supplemented and amended, the Indenture), in connection with the issuance by the
Company of $100,000,000 total aggregate principal amount of additional Securities (the Additional 2029 Notes) of the series designated as the Companys 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029, the form and certain terms of
which were established by means of an Officers Certificate dated November 13, 2024 (the 2024 Officers Certificate), does hereby certify to the Trustee that: 

1. 

The principal of, premium, if any, each installment of interest on and Additional Interest (as defined in the
Additional 2029 Notes), if any, on the Additional 2029 Notes shall be payable at, and registration of transfers and exchanges in respect of the Additional 2029 Notes may be effected at, the office or agency of the Company in The City of New York;
and notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Additional 2029 Notes and the Indenture may be served at the office or agency of the Company in The City of New York; the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon, as
agent of the Trustee, will initially be the agency of the Company for such payment, registration and registration of transfers and exchanges and service of notices and demands, and the Company hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent for all such
purposes; and the Trustee will initially be the Security Registrar and the Paying Agent for the Additional 2029 Notes; provided, however, that the Company reserves the right to establish or change, by one or more Officers Certificates, any
such office or agency and such agent. 

2. 

The Additional 2029 Notes are Benefitted Securities and shall have the benefit of the covenant of
the Company contained in Section 707 of the Indenture and, pursuant to Section 707(b)(i) of the Indenture, the Additional 2029 Notes are and shall be secured equally and ratably with the Secured Debt under the Indenture and the Additional
Secured Debt pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of May 15, 2008, as amended by the First Amendment to Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing,
dated as of March 2, 2009, 

1 

the Second Amendment to Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of September 3, 2010 and the Third Amendment to Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing,
dated as of November 10, 2011 (as amended, the Deed of Trust), by the Company to and for the benefit of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, formerly The Bank of New
York) as collateral agent and trustee thereunder; 

3. 

The Additional 2029 Notes shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in
excess thereof; 

4. 

No service charge shall be made for the registration of transfer or exchange of the Additional 2029 Notes;
provided, however, that the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with the exchange or transfer; 

5. 

The Additional 2029 Notes will be initially issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Each Additional 2029 Note, whether in a global form or in a certificated form, shall bear the non-registration legend and the registration rights
legend in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto, unless otherwise agreed to by the Company, such agreement to be confirmed in writing to the Trustee. The Depository Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee shall be the
Holder of each global Additional 2029 Note for all purposes under the Indenture and the Additional 2029 Notes, and beneficial owners with respect to such global Additional 2029 Note shall hold their interests pursuant to applicable procedures of DTC
and any successor depositary (the Depositary). The Company, the Trustee and the Security Registrar shall be entitled to deal with the Depositary for all purposes of the Indenture relating to such global Additional 2029 Note
(including the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, and the giving of instructions or directions by or to the beneficial owners of such global Additional 2029 Note) as the sole Holder of such global Additional 2029 Note and shall
have no obligations to the beneficial owners thereof. Nothing in the Indenture, the Additional 2029 Notes or this certificate shall be construed to require the Company to register any Additional 2029 Notes under the Securities Act, unless otherwise
expressly agreed by the Company, confirmed in writing to the Trustee, or to make any transfer of such Additional 2029 Notes in violation of applicable law. The Company has entered into a registration rights agreement with the initial purchaser of
the Additional 2029 Notes pursuant to which, among other things, the Additional 2029 Notes may be exchanged for notes registered under the Securities Act (the Exchange Notes). The Exchange Notes shall be in substantially the form
of Exhibit A hereto, but, without the non-registration legend, the registration rights legend, the Certificate of Transfer and the provisions for Additional Interest. The Trustee, at the request of the
Company, shall authenticate and deliver Exchange Notes in exchange for an equal principal amount of Additional 2029 Notes; 

6. 

The Additional 2029 Notes shall rank equally with, and otherwise be identical in all respects to, the
$550,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 heretofore authenticated, delivered and issued under the Indenture (the Initial 2029 Notes), and the Additional 2029 Notes shall form a single series
of Securities with the Initial 2029 Notes, which Additional 2029 Notes shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A attached hereto and shall have the terms and provisions as are provided for in the 2024 Officers Certificate, except as
otherwise provided in Exhibit A attached hereto; 

2 

7. 

No Event of Default under the Indenture has occurred or is occurring; and to the knowledge of the undersigned,
(i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing which entitles the Secured Parties (as defined in the Deed of Trust) under the Deed of Trust, or any of them, to accelerate the
maturity of the indebtedness secured thereby; 

8. 

Subject to Section 22 of the Deed of Trust, the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness issuable under
and secured by the Deed of Trust is unlimited, and the aggregate principal indebtedness now proposed to be issued under and secured by the Deed of Trust is (i) 500,000,0001, consisting of
Indenture Notes Obligations (as defined in the Deed of Trust) and (ii) $14,495,132,000, consisting of Indenture Notes Obligations in the aggregate principal amount of $13,733,132,000 (including the $100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of
Additional 2029 Notes being issued on the date hereof) and other Additional Obligations (as defined in the Deed of Trust) in the aggregate principal amount of $762,000,000; 

9. 

The undersigned has read all of the covenants and conditions contained in the Indenture, and the definitions in
the Indenture relating thereto, relating to the issuance and authentication and delivery of the Additional 2029 Notes and to the creation or existence of Secured Debt pursuant to Section 707(a) and Section 707(b) of the Indenture, and in
respect of compliance with which this certificate is made; 

10. 

The statements contained in this certificate are based upon the familiarity of the undersigned with the
Indenture, the documents accompanying this certificate, and upon discussions by the undersigned with officers and employees of the Company familiar with the matters set forth herein; 

11. 

In the opinion of the undersigned, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him
to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenants and conditions have been complied with; 

12. 

In the opinion of the undersigned, such conditions and covenants, and all conditions precedent provided for in
the Indenture (including covenants compliance with which constitutes a condition precedent) relating to the authentication and delivery of the Additional 2029 Notes as requested in the accompanying Company Order and to the creation or existence of
Secured Debt pursuant to Section 707(a) and Section 707(b) of the Indenture, have been complied with; and 

1 

As stated in that certain Officers Certificate dated May 21, 2024, the US$ equivalent for such
Indenture Notes Obligations was calculated as $538,650,000 based on the exchange rate of 1.00 to US$1.0773 on May 10, 2024, as published by the US Federal Reserve Board. 

3 

13. 

The exchange of copies of this certificate and of signature pages that are executed by manual signatures that
are scanned, photocopied or faxed or by other electronic signing created on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign) or by digital signing (such as Adobe Sign), in each case that is approved by the Trustee, shall constitute effective execution and
delivery of this certificate for all purposes. Signatures of the Company hereon that are executed by manual signature that are scanned, photocopied or faxed or by other electronic signing created on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign) or by
digital signing (such as Adobe Sign), in each case that is approved by the Trustee, shall be deemed to be the original signature of the Company for all purposes of this certificate and may be used in lieu of an original signature manually executed
in ink. 

Anything in the Indenture or the Securities (including the Additional 2029 Notes) to the contrary
notwithstanding, for the purposes of the transactions contemplated by the Indenture, the Additional 2029 Notes and any document to be signed in connection with the Indenture or the Additional 2029 Notes (other than the Additional 2029 Notes
themselves) (including amendments, supplements, waivers, consents and other modifications, Officers Certificates, Company Orders and Opinions of Counsel and other issuance, authentication and delivery documents, including documents delivered
in connection with the Deed of Trust) or the transactions contemplated hereby may be signed by manual signatures that are scanned, photocopied or faxed or other electronic signatures created on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign) or by digital
signature (such as Adobe Sign), in each case that is approved by the Trustee, and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Trustee, and the keeping of records in electronic form, are hereby authorized, and each shall be of the
same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature in ink or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this Officers Certificate this 14th day of
January, 2025. 

/s/ Kevin R. Fease

Name: Kevin R. Fease

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature page to
Officers Certificate August 2002 Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

[FORM OF ADDITIONAL 2029 NOTE] 

[UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS
WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.] 

[non-registration legend] 

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING
THIS SECURITY, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC (THE COMPANY) THAT THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED OTHER THAN (A) (1) TO THE COMPANY, (2) IN A TRANSACTION ENTITLED
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) SO LONG AS THIS SECURITY IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A), TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING
MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A (AS INDICATED BY THE BOX CHECKED BY THE TRANSFEROR ON THE CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER ON THE REVERSE OF THIS SECURITY), (4) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT (AS INDICATED BY THE BOX CHECKED BY THE TRANSFEROR ON THE CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER ON THE REVERSE OF THIS SECURITY), (5) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND
BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY) OR (6) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND (B) IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED
STATES OR IN ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THIS SECURITY, REPRESENTS AND AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE COMPANY 

THAT IT IS (1) A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A OR (2) A NON-U.S. PERSON OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE
MEANING OF, OR AN ACCOUNT SATISFYING THE REQUIREMENTS OF PARAGRAPH (k)(2) OF RULE 902 UNDER, REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 

[registration rights legend] 

The Holder of this Security, by acceptance hereof, will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by the provisions of the Registration Rights
Agreement dated January 14, 2025, among the Company and the initial purchaser of this Security. 

NO. CUSIP: 

[144A Global Certificate: 68233J CX0] 

[Regulation S Global Certificate: U68279 AP0] 

[Exchange Notes: 68233J CW2] 

ONCOR
ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

4.65% SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2029 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC, a limited liability company duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein
referred to as the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture referred to below), for value received, hereby promises to pay to
or registered assigns, the principal sum of DOLLARS ($ ) on November 1, 2029, and to pay interest on said principal sum
semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year commencing May 1, 2025 (each an Interest Payment Date) at the rate of 4.65% per annum until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. Interest
on the Securities of this series will accrue from and including November 13, 2024, to and excluding the first Interest Payment Date, and thereafter will accrue from and including the last Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or
duly provided for. No interest will accrue on the Securities with respect to the day on which the Securities mature. If the Company does not comply with certain of its obligations under the registration rights agreement dated January 14, 2025
between the Company and the parties named therein (the Registration Rights Agreement), this Security shall, in accordance with Section 2(e) of the Registration Rights Agreement, bear additional interest (Additional
Interest) in addition to the interest otherwise provided for hereunder. For purposes of this Security, the term interest shall be deemed to include any such Additional Interest. In the event that any Interest Payment Date is not a
Business Day, then payment of interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay) with the same force and effect as if made on the
Interest Payment Date. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is
registered at the close of business on the 15th calendar day before such Interest Payment Date (each a Regular Record Date), except that interest payable at Maturity will be payable to
the Person to whom principal shall be paid. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security
(or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not
less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as
may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in the Indenture referred to herein. 

Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest at Maturity on this Security
shall be made upon presentation of this Security at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in The City of New York, in the State of New York, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment
is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that, at the option of the Company, interest on this Security (other than interest payable at Maturity) may be paid by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled
thereto, as such address shall appear on the Security Register, and provided, further, that if such Person is a securities depositary, such payment may be made by such other means in lieu of check as shall be agreed upon by the Company, the Trustee
and such Person. 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the
Indenture and in the Officers Certificate establishing the terms of the Securities of this series. 

This Security is one of a duly
authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture (For Unsecured Debt Securities) dated as of August 1, 2002 (herein, together with any
amendments or supplements thereto, including Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of May 15, 2008, called the Indenture, which term shall have the meaning assigned to it in such instrument), between the Company and The Bank
of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, formerly The Bank of New York), as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is
hereby made to the Indenture, Board Resolutions and Officers Certificate creating the series designated on the face hereof, for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the
Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. The acceptance of this Security shall be deemed to constitute the consent and agreement by the Holder thereof to
all of the terms and provisions of the Indenture. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof. 

This Security is
subject to redemption at the election of the Company, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at any time prior to October 1, 2029 (the Notes Par Call Date), at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal
amount rounded to three decimal places) as calculated by the Company equal to the greater of: 

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon
discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Securities of this series being redeemed matured on the Notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 10 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities of this series being redeemed, 

plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the Securities of this series to, but not including, the redemption date of the Securities
of this series being redeemed. 

This Security is subject to redemption at the election of the Company, in whole at any time or in part
from time to time, at any time on or after the Notes Par Call Date, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities of this series being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on those Securities of this series to,
but not including, the redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined
by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New
York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most
recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor
designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate,
the Company will select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Notes Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on
H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and will interpolate to the Notes Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there
is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant
maturity or maturities on H.15 will be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company will calculate the Treasury Rate based
on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is
closest to, the Notes Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Notes Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Notes
Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Notes Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Notes Par Call Date, the Company will select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Notes Par Call
Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Notes Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company will select from among these two or
more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining
the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal
amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Notice of redemption (other than at the option of the Holder) shall be given by mail to
Holders of Securities, not less than 10 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, all as provided in the Indenture. As provided in the Indenture, notice of redemption at the election of the Company as aforesaid may state that such redemption
shall be conditional upon the receipt by the applicable Paying Agent or Agents of money sufficient to pay the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on this Security on or prior to the date fixed for such redemption; a notice of
redemption so conditioned shall be of no force or effect if such money is not so received and, in such event, the Company shall not be required to redeem this Security. 

The Company will notify the Trustee of the redemption price prior to the redemption date. The Trustee may rely upon the redemption price
contained in any such notice from the Company, and the Trustee shall not be responsible for, or be liable in connection with, the calculation of such redemption price (or any component thereof). 

In the event of redemption of this Security in part only, a new Security or Securities of this series of like tenor representing the
unredeemed portion hereof shall be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

The Indenture contains
provisions for defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Security upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

The obligations of the Company with respect to the Securities of this series are secured by a lien granted pursuant to the Deed of Trust,
Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of May 15, 2008, as amended, by the Company to and for the benefit of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, formerly The Bank of New York),
as collateral agent and trustee thereunder. 

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be
continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities at the
time Outstanding of all series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all
Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be
conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security. 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security
shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a
continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of all series at the time Outstanding in respect of which an Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a
majority in aggregate principal amount of Securities of all series at the time Outstanding in respect of which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute
any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium
or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this
Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency,
herein prescribed. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and
integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein and herein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this
series and of like tenor and of authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

No service charge shall be
made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

The Company shall not be required to execute and the Security Registrar shall not be required to register the transfer of or exchange of
(a) Securities of this series during a period of 15 days immediately preceding the date notice is given identifying the serial numbers of the Securities of this series called for redemption or (b) any Security so selected for redemption in
whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Security being redeemed in part. The Company shall not be required to make transfers or exchanges of the Securities of this series for a period of 15 days next preceding an Interest Payment
Date. 

The Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered
as the absolute owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Each Holder shall be deemed to understand that the offer and sale of the Securities of this series have not been registered under the
Securities Act and that the Securities of this series may not be resold, pledged or otherwise transferred other than as permitted in the following sentence. Each Holder shall be deemed to agree, on its own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for
which it is acting as hereinafter stated, that if such Holder resells, pledges or otherwise transfers any Securities of this series, such Holder will do so only (A) to the Company, (B) in a transaction

entitled to an exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act, (C) so long as Securities of this series are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144A under the
Securities Act, to a Person whom such Holder reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A that purchases for its own account or for the account of a qualified institutional buyer to whom notice
is given that the resale, pledge or transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, (D) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) in accordance with another applicable
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act (and based upon an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Company), or (F) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, and each Holder is further
deemed to agree to provide to any Person purchasing any of the Securities of this series from it a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Securities of this series are restricted as stated herein. 

Each Holder shall be deemed to understand that, on any proposed resale of any Securities of this series pursuant to the exemption from
registration under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, any Holder making any such proposed resale will be required to furnish to the Trustee and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as the Trustee and the Company may
reasonably require to confirm that the proposed sale complies with the foregoing restrictions. 

This Security shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (including without limitation Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law or any successor to such statute), except to the extent
that the Trust Indenture Act shall be applicable and except to the extent that the laws of the State of Texas shall mandatorily govern. 

As provided in the Indenture, no recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Securities,
or any part thereof, or for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, or of the indebtedness represented thereby, or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement under the Indenture, against, and no personal liability whatsoever shall
attach to, or be incurred by, any incorporator, stockholder, member, officer or director, as such, past, present or future of the Company or of any predecessor or successor corporation (either directly or through the Company or a predecessor or
successor corporation), whether by virtue of any constitutional provision, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that the Indenture and all the Securities
are solely corporate obligations and that any such personal liability is hereby expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as part of the consideration for, the execution of the Indenture and the issuance of the Securities. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to herein by manual signature, this Security shall
not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this instrument to be duly executed. 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC

By: 

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION] 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTE 

The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made: 

Date 

Amount of

decrease in

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note

following such

decrease or

increase 

Signature of

authorized

signatory of

Corporate

Trustee or

Securities

Custodian

CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER 

4.65% SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2029 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned sells, assigns and transfers unto 

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR 

OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF
ASSIGNEE 

Name and address of assignee must be printed or typewritten. 

the within Security of the Company and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint
to transfer the said Security on the books of the within-named Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

The undersigned certifies that said Security is being resold, pledged or otherwise transferred as follows: (check one) 

to the Company;

to a Person whom the undersigned reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) purchasing for its own
account or for the account of a qualified institutional buyer to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A;

in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act;

as otherwise permitted by the non-registration legend appearing on this Security; or

as otherwise agreed by the Company, confirmed in writing to the Trustee, as follows: [describe]

Notice: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within instrument in
every particular without alteration or enlargement, or any change whatsoever. 

Dated: 

Signature: ___________________

SIGNATURE GUARANTEE 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Trustee and the Security Registrar, which
requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Trustee and the Security Registrar in addition
to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d938963dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated January 14, 2025 is made between ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY
COMPANY LLC (the Company) and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., as the Initial Purchaser. 

This Agreement is made
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, dated January 9, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), between the Company, as issuer, and the Initial Purchaser, which provides for, among other things, the sale by the Company to the
Initial Purchaser of $100,000,000 principal amount of the Companys 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the Notes). In order to induce the Initial Purchaser to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to
provide to the Initial Purchaser and the Initial Purchasers direct and indirect transferees the registration rights set forth in this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement is a condition to the closing under the Purchase
Agreement. 

In consideration of the foregoing, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Definitions. 

As used
in this Agreement, the following capitalized defined terms shall have the following meanings: 

Additional Interest shall
mean any interest payable pursuant to Section 2(e) hereof. 

Additional Interest Rate shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2(e) hereof. 

Advice shall have the meaning set forth in the last paragraph of Section 3
hereof. 

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof. 

Applicable Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(t) hereof. 

Business Day shall mean a day other than (i) a Saturday or a Sunday, (ii) a day on which banks in New York, New
York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to remain closed or (iii) a day on which the Trustees principal corporate trust office is closed for business. 

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Consummation Date shall mean May 15, 2026, provided, however, that such date shall be extended by the corresponding
period of any work stoppage, lockout, governmental order or law that impacts the SECs ability to declare an Exchange Offer Registration Statement or Shelf Registration Statement effective, so long as the Company has used all commercially
reasonable efforts to cause an Exchange Offer Registration Statement or Shelf Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act by the SEC. 

1 

Depositary shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any other
depositary appointed by the Company; provided, however, that such depositary must have an address in the Borough of Manhattan, in The City of New York. 

Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b) hereof. 

Eligible Holder shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a) hereof. 

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 

Exchange Notes shall mean the 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 containing terms identical to the Notes (except that the
Exchange Notes will not contain registration rights or terms with respect to transfer restrictions under the Securities Act and will not provide for any Additional Interest to be payable with respect thereto). 

Exchange Offer shall mean the offer by the Company to the Holders to exchange the Registrable Securities for a like
principal amount of Exchange Notes pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof. 

Exchange Offer Registration shall mean a
registration under the Securities Act effected pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof. 

Exchange Offer Registration
Statement shall mean an exchange offer registration statement on Form S-4 (or, if applicable, on another appropriate form), and all amendments and supplements to such registration statement, in each
case including the Prospectus contained therein, all exhibits thereto and all material incorporated by reference therein. 

Exchange Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(ii) hereof. 

Existing Securities shall mean the Companys 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 registered under the Securities Act,
issued under the Indenture and exchanged pursuant to an exchange offer to be consummated after the date of this Agreement and before the consummation of the Exchange Offer. 

FINRA shall mean Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. 

Holders shall mean the Initial Purchaser, for so long as it owns beneficial interests in any Registrable Securities, and
its successors, assigns and direct and indirect transferees who become registered owners of Registrable Securities under the Indenture. 

Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) hereof. 

Indenture shall mean the Indenture (For Unsecured Debt Securities) relating to the Notes and the Exchange Notes dated as of
August 1, 2002 between the Company, as issuer, and the Trustee, as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Initial Purchaser shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

2 

Inspectors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(n) hereof.

Issue Date shall mean January 14, 2025. 

Majority Holders shall mean the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes. 

Notes shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, reference herein to
the Notes shall include only those Notes issued by the Company on the Issue Date. 

Notice shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2(a)(i) hereof. 

Participating Broker-Dealer shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3(t) hereof. 

Person shall mean an individual, partnership, corporation, trust or unincorporated
organization, limited liability company, or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Prospectus shall
mean the prospectus included in a Registration Statement, including any preliminary prospectus, and any such prospectus as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, including a prospectus supplement with respect to the terms of the
offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Shelf Registration Statement, and by all other amendments and supplements to a prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and in each case including all material incorporated
by reference therein. 

Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. 

Records shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(n) hereof. 

Registrable Securities shall mean the Notes; provided, however, that the Notes shall cease to be Registrable Securities
when (i) a Registration Statement with respect to the Notes shall have been declared effective under the Securities Act and the Notes shall have been disposed of pursuant to such Registration Statement, (ii) the Notes shall have been sold
to the public pursuant to Rule 144 (or any similar provision then in force, but not Rule 144A) under the Securities Act, (iii) the Notes shall have ceased to be outstanding, (iv) the Notes offered for exchange shall have been exchanged for
Exchange Notes upon consummation of the Exchange Offer and are thereafter freely tradable by the holder thereof (other than an affiliate of the Company) or (v) two years have elapsed since the date of original issuance of the Notes. 

Registration Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e)(iv) hereof. 

Registration Expenses shall mean any and all expenses incident to the performance of or the compliance by the Company with
this Agreement, including, without limitation: (i) all SEC or FINRA registration and filing fees, (ii) all fees and expenses incurred in connection with compliance with state securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel for any underwriters or Holders in connection with blue sky qualification of any of the Exchange Notes or Registrable Securities) and compliance with the rules of FINRA, (iii) all expenses of any Persons in preparing or
assisting in preparing, word processing, printing and 

3 

distributing any Registration Statement, any Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, and in preparing or assisting in preparing, printing and distributing any underwriting
agreements, securities sales agreements and other documents relating to the performance of and compliance with this Agreement, (iv) all rating agency fees, (v) the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, of one counsel for the
Holders collectively hereunder in connection with the Exchange Offer, and of the independent certified public accountants of the Company, including the expenses of any cold comfort letters required by or incident to such performance and
compliance, (vi) the fees and expenses of the Trustee, and any paying agent, exchange agent or custodian, (vii) all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing, if any, of any of the Registrable Securities or the Exchange
Notes on any securities exchange or exchanges and (viii) the reasonable fees and expenses of any special experts retained by the Company in connection with any Registration Statement. 

Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement of the Company that covers any of the Exchange Notes or
Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and all amendments and supplements to any such Registration Statement, including post-effective amendments, in each case including the Prospectus contained therein, all exhibits
thereto and all material incorporated by reference therein. 

SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time. 

Shelf Registration shall mean a registration effected pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof. 

Shelf Registration Statement shall mean a shelf registration statement of the Company pursuant to the
provisions of Section 2(b) hereof which covers all of the Registrable Securities (except Registrable Securities that the Holders thereof have elected not to include in such registration statement), on an appropriate form under Rule 415 under
the Securities Act, or any similar rule that may be adopted by the SEC, and all amendments and supplements to such registration statement, including post-effective amendments, in each case including the Prospectus contained therein, all exhibits
thereto and all material incorporated by reference therein. 

Target Registration Date shall mean April 1, 2026,
provided, however, that such date shall be extended by the corresponding period of any work stoppage, lockout, governmental order or law that impacts the SECs ability to declare an Exchange Offer Registration Statement or Shelf Registration
Statement effective, so long as the Company has used all commercially reasonable efforts to cause an Exchange Offer Registration Statement or Shelf Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act by the SEC. 

TIA shall mean the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended from time to time. 

Trustee shall mean The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, formerly
the Bank of New York). 

4 

2. Registration Under the Securities Act. 

(a) Exchange Offer. 

To
the extent not prohibited by any applicable law or applicable interpretation of the staff of the SEC, the Company shall, for the benefit of the Holders, at the Companys cost, (i) cause to be filed with the SEC an Exchange Offer
Registration Statement on an appropriate form under the Securities Act covering the Exchange Offer, (ii) use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Exchange Offer Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities
Act by the SEC on or prior to the Target Registration Date and (iii) promptly offer the Exchange Notes in exchange for surrender of the Notes upon the effectiveness of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement, and consummate the Exchange Offer
on or prior to the Consummation Date. Upon the effectiveness of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement, the Company shall promptly commence the Exchange Offer, unless the Exchange Offer would not be permitted by applicable law or applicable
interpretation of the staff of the SEC, it being understood that the objective of such Exchange Offer is to enable each Holder electing to exchange Registrable Securities for a like principal amount of Exchange Notes (assuming that such Holder is
not an affiliate of the Company within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act and is not a broker-dealer tendering Registrable Securities acquired directly from the Company for its own account, acquires the Exchange Notes in the ordinary
course of such Holders business and has no arrangements or understandings with any Person to participate in the Exchange Offer for the purpose of distributing the Exchange Notes) (any Holder meeting all such requirements, hereinafter an
Eligible Holder), and to transfer such Exchange Notes from and after their receipt without any limitations or restrictions under the Securities Act and under state securities or blue sky laws. 

In connection with the Exchange Offer, the Company shall: 

(i) furnish to each Holder a copy of the Prospectus forming part of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement, together with an
appropriate letter of transmittal and related documents (together, the Notice); 

(ii) use all
commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Exchange Offer open for acceptance for a period of not less than 20 Business Days after the date Notice thereof is furnished to the Holders (or longer if required by applicable law) (such period referred
to herein as the Exchange Period); 

(iii) utilize the services of the Depositary for the Exchange Offer;

(iv) permit Holders to withdraw, at any time prior to the close of business, New York time, on the last Business Day of
the Exchange Period, any Notes tendered for exchange by sending to the institution specified in the Notice a facsimile transmission or letter, received before aforesaid time, setting forth the name of such Holder, the principal amount of Notes
delivered for exchange, and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing such Holders election to have such Notes exchanged; 

5 

(v) notify each Holder by means of the Notice that any Note not tendered by
such Holder in the Exchange Offer will remain outstanding and continue to accrue interest, but will not retain any rights under this Agreement (except in the case of the Initial Purchaser and Participating Broker-Dealers as provided herein); and

(vi) otherwise comply in all respects with all applicable laws relating to the Exchange Offer. 

As soon as practicable after the close of the Exchange Offer, the Company shall: 

(i) accept for exchange all Notes or portions thereof tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Exchange Offer; 

(ii) deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee for cancellation all Notes or portions thereof so accepted for exchange
by the Company; and 

(iii) issue, and cause the Trustee to promptly authenticate and deliver to the Depositary (or if, the
Exchange Notes are in certificated form, each Holder), Exchange Notes equal in principal amount to the principal amount of the Notes surrendered by such Holder. 

Interest on each Exchange Note issued pursuant to the Exchange Offer will accrue from the last date on which interest was paid on the Note
surrendered in exchange therefor or, if no interest has been paid on such Note, from November 13, 2024. To the extent not prohibited by any law or applicable interpretation of the staff of the SEC, the Company shall use all commercially
reasonable efforts to complete the Exchange Offer as provided above. Except as set forth herein, the Exchange Offer shall not be subject to any conditions, other than that the Exchange Offer does not violate applicable law or any applicable
interpretation of the staff of the SEC and that each Holder tendering Notes for exchange shall be an Eligible Holder. Each Holder of Registrable Securities who wishes to exchange such Registrable Securities for Exchange Notes in the Exchange Offer
will be required to make certain customary representations in connection therewith, including, without limitation, representations that (i) it is not an affiliate of the Company, (ii) the Exchange Notes to be received by it were acquired
in the ordinary course of its business and (iii) at the time of the Exchange Offer, it has no arrangement with any Person to participate in the distribution (within the meaning of the Securities Act) of the Exchange Notes. Each Holder hereby
acknowledges and agrees that any Participating Broker-Dealer and any such Holder using the Exchange Offer to participate in a distribution of the Exchange Notes: (1) could not under SEC policy as in effect on the date of this Agreement rely on
the position of the SEC enunciated in Brown & Wood LLP (available February 7, 1997), Morgan Stanley and Co., Inc. (available June 5, 1991) and Exxon Capital Holdings Corporation (available May 13, 1988), as interpreted in the
SECs letter to Shearman & Sterling dated July 2, 1993, and similar no-action letters (including, without limitation, any no-action letter obtained
based on the representations in clause (i) above), and (2) must comply with the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act in connection with the secondary resale transaction and that such a secondary resale
transaction should be covered by an effective registration statement containing the selling security holder information required by Items 507 and 508, as applicable, of Regulation S-K, the SEC standard
instructions for filing forms under the Securities Act, if the resales are of Exchange Notes obtained by such Holder in exchange for Notes acquired by such Holder directly from the Company. 

6 

Upon consummation of the Exchange Offer in accordance with this Section 2(a), the
provisions of this Agreement shall continue to apply, mutatis mutandis, solely with respect to Registrable Securities that are Exchange Notes held by Participating Broker-Dealers, and the Company shall have no further obligation to register the
Registrable Securities (other than pursuant to Section 2(b)(iii) or 2(b)(iv)) pursuant to Section 2(b) of this Agreement. 

(b)
Shelf Registration. 

In the event that (i) the Company is not permitted to effect the Exchange Offer because of any change in
law or in applicable interpretations of the staff of the SEC, (ii) for any other reason the Exchange Offer is not consummated on or prior to the Consummation Date, (iii) the Initial Purchaser so requests with respect to Notes not eligible
to be exchanged for Exchange Notes in the Exchange Offer, (iv) any Holder (other than a Participating Broker-Dealer) is not permitted by applicable law or interpretations of the staff of the SEC to participate in the Exchange Offer or, in the
case of any Holder (other than a Participating Broker-Dealer) that participates in the Exchange Offer, such Holder does not receive freely tradeable Exchange Notes on the date of the exchange and any such Holder so requests, or (v) the Company
so elects, the Company shall, for the benefit of the Holders, promptly deliver to the Holders and the Trustee written notice thereof and, at its cost, use all commercially reasonable efforts to have a Shelf Registration Statement covering continuous
resales of the Notes or the Exchange Notes, as the case may be, declared effective by the SEC within the later of (x) 180 days after being required or requested to file a Shelf Registration Statement and (y) the Target Registration Date. No
Holder of Registrable Securities shall be entitled to include any of its Registrable Securities in any Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such Holder agrees in writing to be bound by all of the provisions of
this Agreement applicable to such Holder and furnishes to the Company in writing, within 15 days after receipt of a request therefor, such information as the Company may, after conferring with counsel with regard to information relating to Holders
that would be required by the SEC to be included in such Shelf Registration Statement or Prospectus included therein, reasonably request for inclusion in any Shelf Registration Statement or Prospectus included therein. Each Holder as to which any
Shelf Registration is being effected agrees promptly to furnish to the Company all information with respect to such Holder necessary to make the information previously furnished to the Company by such Holder not materially misleading. 

The Company agrees to use all commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective for two years
from the Issue Date (subject to extension pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 3 hereof) or for such shorter period which will terminate when all of the securities covered by the Shelf Registration Statement have been sold pursuant to the
Shelf Registration Statement or cease to be Registrable Securities (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall not permit any securities other than Registrable Securities to be included in the Shelf Registration. The Company
will, in the event a Shelf Registration Statement is declared effective, provide to each Holder a reasonable number of copies of the Prospectus which is a part of the Shelf Registration Statement and notify each such Holder when the Shelf
Registration has become effective. The Company further agrees, if necessary, to supplement or amend the Shelf Registration Statement, if required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company for
such Shelf Registration Statement or by the Securities Act or by any other rules and regulations thereunder for shelf registrations, and the Company agrees to furnish to the Holders of Registrable Securities copies of any such supplement or
amendment promptly after its being used or filed with the SEC. 

7 

(c) Expenses. 

The Company shall pay all Registration Expenses in connection with the registration pursuant to Section 2(a) or 2(b) hereof. Except as
provided herein, each Holder shall pay all expenses of its counsel, underwriting discounts and commissions and transfer taxes, if any, relating to the sale or disposition of such Holders Registrable Securities pursuant to the Shelf
Registration Statement. 

(d) Effective Registration Statement. 

An Exchange Offer Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or a Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(b)
hereof (or a combination of the two) will not be deemed to have become effective unless it has been declared effective by the SEC; provided, however, that if, after it has been declared effective, the offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to a
Shelf Registration Statement is interfered with by any stop order, injunction or other order or requirement of the SEC or any other governmental agency or court, such Registration Statement will be deemed not to have been effective during the period
of such interference until the offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement may legally resume. The Company will be deemed not to have used all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Exchange Offer Registration
Statement or the Shelf Registration Statement, as the case may be, to become, or to remain, effective during the requisite period if it voluntarily takes any action that would result in any such Registration Statement not being declared effective or
in the Holders of Registrable Securities covered thereby not being able to exchange or offer and sell such Registrable Securities during that period unless such action is required by applicable law. 

(e) Additional Interest. 

The Company will pay Additional Interest on the Notes if: 

(i) the Exchange Offer Registration Statement (or, if a change in law or in applicable interpretations of the staff of the SEC
does not permit the Company to effect an Exchange Offer, the Shelf Registration Statement) is not declared effective by the SEC on or prior to the Target Registration Date; or 

(ii) the Exchange Offer is not consummated on or prior to the Consummation Date (unless the Company is not permitted to effect
an Exchange Offer as specified in clause (i) above); or 

(iii) the Shelf Registration Statement (except as specified
in clause (i)) is not declared effective by the SEC within the later of (x) 180 days after being required or requested to file a Shelf Registration Statement and (y) the Target Registration Date; or 

8 

(iv) (A) after the Exchange Offer Registration Statement is declared
effective, such Registration Statement thereafter ceases to be effective at any time during the Exchange Period or the Applicable Period, as the case may be, or (B) after the Shelf Registration Statement has been declared effective, such
Registration Statement ceases to be effective or usable in connection with resales of Notes (other than after such time as all Notes have been disposed of thereunder or otherwise cease to be Registrable Securities) (each such event specified in (i)
- (iv) of this Section 2(e), a Registration Default). 

Additional Interest will accrue over and above the
otherwise applicable interest rate on the Notes and the Exchange Notes, as the case may be, from and including the date on which any such Registration Default shall occur to but excluding the date on which all such Registration Defaults have been
cured, or if earlier, the date two years from the Issue Date, at the rate of 0.50% per annum (Additional Interest Rate); provided, however, that the Additional Interest Rate may not exceed in the aggregate 0.50% per annum. 

Any amounts of Additional Interest due pursuant to Section 2(e) above will be payable in cash on the relevant payment dates for the
payment of interest on the Notes pursuant to the Indenture. 

(f) Specific Enforcement. 

Without limiting the remedies available to the Holders, the Company acknowledges that any failure of the Company to comply with its
obligations under Section 2(a) and Section 2(b) hereof may result in material irreparable injury to the Holders for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it would not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and
that, in the event of any such failure, any Holder may obtain such relief as may be required to specifically enforce the obligations of the Company under Section 2(a) and Section 2(b) hereof. 

3. Registration Procedures. 

In connection with the obligations of the Company with respect to the Registration Statements pursuant to Sections 2(a) and 2(b) hereof, the
Company shall: 

(a) prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement or Registration Statements as prescribed by Sections 2(a) and
2(b) hereof within the relevant time period specified and on the appropriate form(s) under the Securities Act, which form(s) (i) shall be selected by the Company, (ii) shall, in the case of a Shelf Registration, be available for the sale
of the Registrable Securities by the selling Holders thereof and (iii) shall comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the applicable form and include all financial statements required by the SEC to be filed therewith;
and use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement(s) to become effective and remain effective in accordance with Section 2 hereof; provided, however, that if (1) such filing is pursuant to Section 2(b),
or (2) a Prospectus contained in an Exchange Offer Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2(a) is required to be delivered under the Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell Exchange Notes, before
filing any such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto, the Company shall furnish to and afford the Holders of the Registrable Securities and each such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, covered
by such Registration Statement, their counsel and the managing underwriters, if any, a reasonable opportunity to review copies of all such documents (including copies of any documents to be incorporated by reference therein and all exhibits thereto)
proposed to be filed. The Company 

9 

shall not file any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto in respect of which the Holders must be afforded an opportunity to review prior to the filing of
such document if the Majority Holders or such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, their counsel or the managing underwriters, if any, shall reasonably object; 

(b) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and post-effective amendments to each Registration Statement as may be necessary to keep
such Registration Statement effective for the Effectiveness Period or the Applicable Period, as the case may be, and cause each Prospectus to be supplemented, if so determined by the Company or requested by the SEC, by any required prospectus
supplement and as so supplemented to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 (or any similar provision then in force) under the Securities Act, and comply with the provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder applicable to it with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by each Registration Statement during the Effectiveness Period or the Applicable Period, as the case may be, in accordance with the intended method or methods of
distribution by the selling Holders thereof described in this Agreement (including sales by any Participating Broker-Dealer); 

(c) in the
case of a Shelf Registration, (i) notify each Holder of Registrable Securities included in the Shelf Registration Statement, at least three Business Days prior to filing, that a Shelf Registration Statement with respect to the Registrable
Securities is being filed and advise such Holder that the distribution of Registrable Securities will be made in accordance with the method selected by the Majority Holders, (ii) furnish to each Holder of Registrable Securities included in the
Shelf Registration Statement and to each underwriter of an underwritten offering of Registrable Securities, if any, without charge, as many copies of each Prospectus, including each preliminary prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto and
such other documents as such Holder or underwriter may reasonably request, in order to facilitate the public sale or other disposition of the Registrable Securities, (iii) consent to the use of the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto by each of the selling Holders of Registrable Securities included in the Shelf Registration Statement in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto and
(iv) furnish to each Holder of Registrable Securities either a summary of the terms of this Agreement or a copy of this Agreement; 

(d) in the case of a Shelf Registration, register or qualify the Registrable Securities under all applicable state securities or blue
sky laws of such jurisdictions by the time the applicable Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC as any Holder of Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement and each underwriter of an underwritten offering of
Registrable Securities shall reasonably request in writing in advance of such date of effectiveness; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to (i) qualify as a foreign limited liability company or as a dealer in securities in
any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (ii) file any general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be subject to such service of process or
(iii) file annual reports or comply with any other requirements deemed in its reasonable judgment to be unduly burdensome; 

10 

(e) in the case (1) of a Shelf Registration or (2) Participating Broker-Dealers
from whom the Company has received prior written notice that they will be utilizing the Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement as provided in Section 3(t) hereof, are seeking to sell Exchange Notes and are required to
deliver Prospectuses, promptly notify each Holder of Registrable Securities, or each such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, their counsel and the managing underwriters, if any, and promptly confirm such notice in writing (i) when
a Registration Statement has become effective and when any post-effective amendments and supplements thereto become effective, (ii) of any request by the SEC or any state securities authority for amendments and supplements to a Registration
Statement or Prospectus or for additional information after the Registration Statement has become effective, (iii) of the issuance by the SEC or any state securities authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration
Statement or the qualification of the Registrable Securities or the Exchange Notes to be offered or sold by any Participating Broker-Dealer in any jurisdiction described in paragraph 3(d) hereof or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose,
(iv) in the case of a Shelf Registration, if, between the effective date of a Registration Statement and the closing of any sale of Registrable Securities covered thereby, the representations and warranties of the Company contained in any
purchase agreement, securities sales agreement or other similar agreement related to such sale, if any, cease to be true and correct in all material respects, (v) of the happening of any event or the failure of any event to occur or the
discovery of any facts or otherwise, during the Effectiveness Period which makes any statement made in such Registration Statement or the related Prospectus untrue in any material respect or which causes such Registration Statement or Prospectus to
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and (vi) when the Company reasonably determines that a post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement would be appropriate; 

(f) make every reasonable effort to obtain the withdrawal of any order suspending the
effectiveness of a Registration Statement at the earliest possible moment; 

(g) in the case of a Shelf Registration, furnish to each
Holder of Registrable Securities included within the coverage of such Shelf Registration Statement, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each Registration Statement relating to such Shelf Registration and any post-effective amendment
thereto (without documents incorporated therein by reference or exhibits thereto, unless requested); 

(h) in the case of a Shelf
Registration, cooperate with the selling Holders of Registrable Securities to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (if the Registrable Securities are in certificated form) representing Registrable Securities to be sold and
not bearing any restrictive legends and in such denominations (consistent with the provisions of the Indenture) and registered in such names as the selling Holders or the underwriters, if any, may reasonably request at least two Business Days prior
to the closing of any sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement; 

(i) in the case of a Shelf
Registration or an Exchange Offer Registration, upon the occurrence of any circumstance contemplated by Section 3(e)(ii), 3(e)(iv), 3(e)(v) or 3(e)(vi) hereof, prepare a supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement or the
related Prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference or file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities, such Prospectus will not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact 

11 

necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and notify each Holder to suspend use of the Prospectus as promptly as
practicable after the occurrence of such an event, and each Holder hereby agrees to suspend use of the Prospectus until the Company has amended or supplemented the Prospectus to correct such misstatement or omission; 

(j) in the case of a Shelf Registration, a reasonable time prior to the filing of any document which is to be incorporated by reference into a
Registration Statement or a Prospectus after the initial filing of a Registration Statement, provide a reasonable number of copies of such document to the Holders and make such of the representatives of the Company as shall be reasonably requested
by the Holders of Registrable Securities or the Initial Purchaser on behalf of such Holders available for reasonable discussion of such document; 

(k) obtain a CUSIP number for the Exchange Notes, no later than the effective date of a Registration Statement, and cause such CUSIP number to
be the same as the CUSIP number applicable to the Existing Securities and provide the Trustee with printed certificates for the Exchange Notes or the Registrable Securities, as the case may be, in a form eligible for deposit with the Depositary;

(l) cause the Indenture, if required by the TIA, to be qualified under the TIA in connection with the registration of the Exchange Notes
or Registrable Securities, as the case may be, and effect such changes to such documents as may be required for them to be so qualified in accordance with the terms of the TIA and execute, and use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
Trustee to execute, all documents as may be required to effect such changes, and all other forms and documents required to be filed with the SEC to enable such documents to be so qualified in a timely manner; 

(m) in the case of a Shelf Registration, enter into such agreements (including underwriting agreements) as are customary in underwritten
offerings and consistent with the terms of the Purchase Agreement and take all such other appropriate actions as are reasonably requested in order to expedite or facilitate the registration or the disposition of such Registrable Securities, and in
such connection, whether or not an underwriting agreement is entered into and whether or not the registration is with respect to an underwritten offering, if requested by (x) the Initial Purchaser, in the case where the Initial Purchaser holds
Registrable Securities acquired by the Initial Purchaser as part of the Initial Purchasers initial distribution and (y) other Holders of Notes covered thereby: (i) make such representations and warranties to Holders of such
Registrable Securities and the underwriters (if any), with respect to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as then conducted and the Registration Statement, Prospectus and documents, if any, incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by
reference therein, in each case, as are customarily made by issuers to underwriters in underwritten offerings, and confirm the same if and when requested; (ii) obtain opinions of counsel to the Company and updates thereof (which may be in the
form of a reliance letter) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the managing underwriters (if any) and the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Registrable Securities being sold, addressed to each selling Holder and the
underwriters (if any) covering the matters customarily covered in opinions requested in underwritten offerings and such other matters as may be reasonably requested by such underwriters (it being agreed that the matters to be covered by such
opinions may be subject to customary qualifications and exceptions); (iii) obtain cold 

12 

comfort letters and updates thereof in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the managing underwriters (if any) from the independent certified public accountants of the Company
(and, if necessary, any other independent certified public accountants of any subsidiary of the Company or of any business acquired by the Company for which financial statements and financial data are, or are required to be, included in the
Registration Statement), addressed to each of such underwriters, such letters to be in customary form and covering matters of the type customarily covered in cold comfort letters in connection with underwritten offerings and such other
matters as reasonably requested by such underwriters in accordance with AS 6101; and (iv) if an underwriting agreement is entered into, the same shall contain indemnification provisions and procedures no less favorable than those set forth in
Section 4 hereof (or such other provisions and procedures acceptable to Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement and the managing underwriters or agents) with respect
to all parties to be indemnified pursuant to said Section (including, without limitation, such underwriters and selling Holders). The above shall be done at each closing under such underwriting agreement or, as and to the extent required thereunder
and as consistent with the terms of, the Purchase Agreement; 

(n) if (1) a Shelf Registration Statement is filed pursuant to
Section 2(b) hereof or (2) a Prospectus contained in an Exchange Offer Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2(a) is required to be delivered under the Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell
Exchange Notes during the Applicable Period, make reasonably available for inspection by any selling Holder of such Registrable Securities being sold, or each such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, any underwriter participating in any
such disposition of Registrable Securities, if any, and any attorney, accountant or other agent retained by any such selling Holder or each such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, or underwriter (collectively, the
Inspectors), at the offices where normally kept, during reasonable business hours, all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the
Records) as shall be reasonably necessary to enable the Inspectors to exercise any applicable due diligence responsibilities, and cause the officers, directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries to supply all
relevant information in each case reasonably requested by any such Inspector in connection with such Registration Statement; provided, however, that the foregoing inspection and information gathering shall be coordinated on behalf of all such
parties by the Companys-designated Holders counsel, at the expense of such parties as described in Section 2(c) hereof. Records of the Company and its subsidiaries, which the Company
determines, in good faith, to be confidential and any records which it notifies the Inspectors are confidential shall not be disclosed by the Inspectors unless (i) the disclosure of such Records is necessary to avoid or correct a material
misstatement or omission in such Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall be consulted prior to any such disclosure, (ii) the release of such Records is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other order from a court of competent
jurisdiction or is necessary in connection with any action, suit or proceeding or (iii) the information in such Records has been made available to the public by the Company or a third party that did not obtain the Records from a broker-dealer.
Each selling Holder of such Registrable Securities and each such Participating Broker-Dealer will be required to agree in writing that information obtained by it or any Inspector retained by it as a result of such inspections shall be deemed
confidential and shall not be used by it or any Inspector retained by it as the basis for any market transactions in the securities of the Company unless and until such is made generally available to the public. Each selling Holder of such
Registrable 

13 

Securities and each such Participating Broker-Dealer will be required to further agree in writing that it will, upon learning that disclosure of such Records is sought in a court of competent
jurisdiction, give notice to the Company and allow the Company at its expense to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of the Records deemed confidential; 

(o) comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC so long as any provision of this Agreement shall be applicable and make
generally available to its security holders an earning statement satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any similar rule promulgated under the Securities Act) no later than 60 days after the
end of any 12-month period (or 120 days after the end of any 12-month period if such period is a fiscal year) (i) commencing at the end of any fiscal quarter in
which Registrable Securities are sold to underwriters in a firm commitment or best efforts underwritten offering and (ii) if not sold to underwriters in such an offering, commencing on the first day of the first fiscal quarter of the Company
after the effective date of a Registration Statement, which statement shall cover said 12-month periods; 

(p) upon consummation of an Exchange Offer, if requested by the Trustee, obtain an opinion of counsel to the Company addressed to the Trustee
for the benefit of all Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Exchange Offer and which includes an opinion that (i) the Company has duly authorized, executed and delivered the Exchange Notes, (ii) each of the Exchange Notes
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms (with customary exceptions) and (iii) the Indenture has been duly qualified under the TIA, or no such qualification
is required by the TIA; 

(q) if an Exchange Offer is to be consummated, upon delivery of the Registrable Securities by Holders to the
Company (or to such other Person as directed by the Company), in exchange for the Exchange Notes, mark, or cause to be marked, on such Registrable Securities delivered by such Holders that such Registrable Securities are being cancelled in exchange
for the Exchange Notes, and in no event shall such Registrable Securities be marked as paid or otherwise satisfied; 

(r) cooperate with
each seller of Registrable Securities covered by any Registration Statement and each underwriter, if any, participating in the disposition of such Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement contemplated hereby; 

(s) use all commercially reasonable efforts to take all other steps necessary to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities covered
by a Registration Statement contemplated hereby; 

(t) (A) in the case of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement (i) (a)
indicate in a Plan of Distribution section contained in the Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement that any broker or dealer registered under the Exchange Act who holds Notes that are Registrable Securities and
that were acquired for its own account as a result of market-making activities or other trading activities (other than Registrable Securities acquired directly from the Company) (such broker or dealer, a Participating
Broker-Dealer), may exchange such Notes pursuant to the Exchange Offer; however, such Participating Broker-Dealer may be deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and must,

14 

therefore, deliver a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act in connection with any resales of the Exchange Notes received by such Participating Broker-Dealer in the Exchange
Offer, which prospectus delivery requirement may be satisfied by the delivery by such Participating Broker-Dealer of the Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement and (b) include in such Plan of Distribution
section all other information with respect to such resales by Participating Broker-Dealers that the SEC may require in order to permit such resales pursuant thereto, but such Plan of Distribution shall not name any such Participating
Broker-Dealer or disclose the amount of Exchange Notes held by any such Participating Broker-Dealer except to the extent required by the SEC as a result of a change in policy announced after the date of this Agreement, (ii) furnish to each
Participating Broker-Dealer who has delivered to the Company the notice referred to in Section 3(e), without charge, as many copies of the Prospectus included in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement, including any preliminary prospectus,
and any amendment or supplement thereto, as such Participating Broker-Dealer may reasonably request (the Company hereby consents to the use of the Prospectus forming part of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement
thereto by any Person subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act, including all Participating Broker-Dealers, in connection with the sale or transfer of the Exchange Notes covered by the Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement thereto), (iii) use all commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Exchange Offer Registration Statement effective and to amend and supplement the Prospectus contained therein in order to permit such Prospectus to be lawfully delivered
by all Persons subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act for such period of time as such Persons must comply with such requirements under the Securities Act and applicable rules and regulations in order to resell the
Exchange Notes; provided, however, that such period shall not be required to exceed 90 days (or such longer period if extended pursuant to the last sentence of Section 3 hereof) (the Applicable Period) and (iv) include
in the related letter of transmittal or similar documentation to be executed by an exchange offeree in order to participate in the Exchange Offer (x) the following provision: 

If the exchange offeree is a broker-dealer holding Registrable Securities acquired for its own account as a result of
market-making activities or other trading activities, it will deliver a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act in connection with any resale of Exchange Notes received in respect of such Registrable Securities pursuant to the
Exchange Offer, 

and (y) a statement to the effect that by a Participating Broker-Dealer making the acknowledgement described in clause
(x) and by delivering a Prospectus in connection with the exchange of Registrable Securities, the Participating Broker-Dealer will not be deemed to admit that it is an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act; and 

(B) in the case of any Exchange Offer Registration Statement, deliver to the Initial Purchaser or to another representative of the
Participating Broker-Dealers, if requested by the Initial Purchaser or such other representative of the Participating Broker-Dealers, on behalf of the Participating Broker-Dealers upon consummation of the Exchange Offer (i) an opinion of
counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchaser or such other representative of the Participating Broker-Dealers, covering the matters customarily covered in opinions requested in connection with Exchange Offer
Registration Statements and such other 

15 

matters as may be reasonably requested (it being agreed that the matters to be covered by such opinion may be subject to customary qualifications and exceptions), (ii) an officers
certificate containing certifications substantially similar to those set forth in the certificate delivered pursuant to Section 8(d) of the Purchase Agreement and such additional certifications as are customarily delivered in a public offering
of debt securities and (iii) as well as upon the effectiveness of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement, a comfort letter, in each case, in customary form as permitted by AS 6101. Each of the foregoing shall be consistent with the terms of
the Purchase Agreement. 

The Company may require each seller of Registrable Securities as to which any registration is being effected to
furnish to the Company such information regarding such seller as may be required by the staff of the SEC to be included in a Registration Statement. The Company may exclude from such registration the Registrable Securities of any seller who
unreasonably fails to furnish such information within a reasonable time after receiving such request. The Company shall not have any obligation to register under the Securities Act the Registrable Securities of a seller who so fails to furnish such
information. 

In the case (1) of a Shelf Registration Statement or (2) Participating Broker-Dealers who have notified the
Company that they will be utilizing the Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement as provided in Section 3(t) hereof, are seeking to sell Exchange Notes and are required to deliver Prospectuses, each Holder agrees that,
upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(e)(ii), 3(e)(iii), 3(e)(iv), 3(e)(v) or 3(e)(vi) hereof, such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities
pursuant to a Registration Statement until such Holders receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 3(i) hereof or until it is advised in writing (the Advice) by the Company
that the use of the applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and, if so directed by the Company, such Holder will deliver to the Company (at the Companys expense) all copies in such Holders possession, other than permanent file copies then
in such Holders possession, of the Prospectus covering such Registrable Securities or Exchange Notes, as the case may be, current at the time of receipt of such notice. If the Company shall give any such notice to suspend the disposition of
Registrable Securities or Exchange Notes, as the case may be, pursuant to a Registration Statement, the Company shall file and use all commercially reasonable efforts to have declared effective (if an amendment) as soon as practicable an amendment
or supplement to the Registration Statement and shall extend the period during which such Registration Statement shall be maintained effective pursuant to this Agreement by the number of days in the period from and including the date of the giving
of such notice to and including the date when the Company shall have made available to the Holders (x) copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus necessary to resume such dispositions or (y) the Advice. 

4. Indemnification. 

(a)
In connection with any Registration Statement, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Initial Purchaser, each agent of the Initial Purchaser, each Holder, each underwriter who participates in an offering of the Registrable Securities,
each Participating Broker-Dealer and their respective officers and directors, and each Person, if any, who controls any of such parties within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (each an Indemnified Party) from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which 

16 

they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act or any other statute or common law and shall reimburse each such Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by them (including, to the extent hereinafter provided, reasonable counsel fees) as and when incurred by them in connection with investigating any such losses, claims, damages or liabilities or in connection with defending any actions,
insofar as such losses, claims, damages, liabilities, expenses or actions arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or Prospectus, or in a Registration
Statement, or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided,
however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 4 as to any Indemnified Party shall not apply to any such losses, claims, damages, liabilities, expenses or actions arising out of, or based upon, any such untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement, or any such omission or alleged omission, if such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Party expressly for use in
connection with the preparation of a Registration Statement or the related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to either thereof. The indemnity agreement of the Company contained in this Section 4 shall remain operative and in full force
and effect regardless of any termination of this Agreement or of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Indemnified Party, and shall survive the registration of the Registrable Securities. 

(b) Each Holder shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company and any underwriter and other selling Holder, and their respective
officers and directors, and each Person who controls the Company or any underwriter or any other selling Holder within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint
or several, to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act or any other statute or common law and shall reimburse each of them for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them (including, to the extent
hereinafter provided, reasonable counsel fees) as and when incurred by them in connection with investigating any such losses, claims, damages or liabilities or in connection with defending any actions, insofar as such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, expenses or actions arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement or the related Prospectus, or the omission or alleged omission to state therein
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, if such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with
information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of such Holder, expressly for use in connection with the preparation of a Registration Statement or the related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to either thereof. The
indemnity agreement of the respective Holders contained in this Section 4 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any termination of this Agreement or of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company, any
underwriter, or any other selling Holder, or their respective directors or officers, or any such controlling Person, and shall survive the registration of the Registrable Securities; provided, however, that, no such Holder shall be liable for any
claims hereunder in excess of the amount of net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement. 

17 

(c) The Company and the Holders each shall, upon the receipt of notice of the commencement
of any action against it or any Person controlling it as aforesaid, in respect of which indemnity may be sought on account of any indemnity agreement contained herein, promptly give written notice of the commencement thereof to the party or parties
against whom indemnity shall be sought hereunder, but the failure to notify such indemnifying party or parties of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party or parties from any liability hereunder. In case such notice of any such
action shall be so given, such indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate at its own expense in the defense, or, if it so elects, to assume (in conjunction with any other indemnifying parties) the defense of such action, in which event such
defense shall be conducted by counsel chosen by such indemnifying party or parties and satisfactory to the indemnified party or parties who shall be defendant or defendants in such action, and such defendant or defendants shall bear the fees and
expenses of any additional counsel retained by them; but if the indemnifying party shall elect not to assume the defense of such action, such indemnifying party will reimburse such indemnified party or parties for the reasonable fees and expenses of
any counsel retained by them; provided, however, if the defendants in any such action (including impleaded parties) include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and counsel for the indemnifying party shall have reasonably concluded
that there may be a conflict of interest involved in the representation by a single counsel of both the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel, satisfactory to
the indemnifying party, whose reasonable fees and expenses shall be paid by such indemnifying party, to participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying
party shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate counsel (in addition to local counsel) representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such action). The Company and the Holders each agree that without the other
partys prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, it will not settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any claim in respect of which indemnification may be sought under the indemnification
provisions of this Agreement, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of such other party from all liability arising out of such claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission
of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of such other party. 

(d) If the indemnification provided for in (a) or (b)
above shall be unenforceable under applicable law by an indemnified party, each indemnifying party agrees to contribute to such indemnified party with respect to any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses for which each such
indemnification provided for in (a) or (b) above shall be unenforceable, in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the (i) relative fault of each indemnifying party on the one hand and the indemnified party on the other in
connection with the statements or omissions which have resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses, (ii) the relative benefits received by each indemnifying party on the one hand and the indemnified party on the other
hand from the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to this Agreement, and (iii) any other relevant equitable considerations; provided, however, that no indemnified party guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of
Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any indemnifying party not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. Relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by such indemnifying party or the indemnified party and each such partys relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to 

18 

correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The Company and each of the Holders agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this paragraph (d) were
to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Holders were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to above. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 4, no Holder shall be required to contribute in excess of the amount equal to the excess of (i) the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities by it to Eligible Holders, over
(ii) the amount of any damages which such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of any such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. The obligations of each Holder to contribute pursuant to this
Section 4 are several and not joint and shall not exceed the same proportion of all contributions of Holders required hereunder as such Holders Registrable Securities sold pursuant to the Registration Statement is of the total amount of
Registrable Securities sold pursuant to the Registration Statement. 

5. Participation in Underwritten Registrations. 

No Holder may participate in any underwritten registration hereunder unless such Holder (a) agrees to sell such Holders Registrable
Securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Persons entitled hereunder to approve such arrangements and (b) completes and executes all reasonable questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities,
underwriting agreements, lock-up letters and other documents reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements. 

6. Selection of Underwriters. 

The Holders of Registrable Securities covered by the Shelf Registration Statement who desire to do so may sell the securities covered by such
Shelf Registration in an underwritten offering. In any such underwritten offering, the underwriter or underwriters and manager or managers that will administer the offering will be selected by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount
of the Registrable Securities included in such offering; provided, however, that such underwriters and managers must be reasonably satisfactory to the Company. 

7. Miscellaneous. 

(a)
Rule 144 and Rule 144A. To the extent the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15 of the Exchange Act and any Registrable Securities remain outstanding, the Company will file the reports required to be filed
by it under the Securities Act and Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations adopted by the SEC thereunder. To the extent the Company is not required to file such reports, it will, upon the request of any Holder
of Registrable Securities (a) make publicly available such information as is necessary to permit sales of their securities pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, (b) deliver such information to prospective purchasers as is
necessary to permit sales of their securities pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and take such further action as any Holder of Registrable Securities may reasonably request and (c) take such further action that is reasonable in the
circumstances, in each case, to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell its Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by (i) Rule 144 under
the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended 

19 

from time to time, (ii) Rule 144A under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time or (iii) any similar rules or regulations hereafter adopted by the SEC. Upon
the request of any Holder of Registrable Securities, the Company will deliver to such Holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with such requirements. 

(b) No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company has not entered into nor will the Company on or after the date of this Agreement enter into
any agreement which is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Holders of Registrable Securities in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. The rights granted to the Holders hereunder do not in any way conflict with and
are not inconsistent with the rights granted to the holders of the Companys other issued and outstanding securities under any such agreements. 

(c) Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified
or supplemented, and waivers of or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given unless the Company has obtained the written consent of Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Registrable
Securities affected by such amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or departure; provided no departure with respect to the provisions of Section 4 hereof shall be effective as against any Holder of Registrable Securities without the
consent of such Holder. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, (i) this Agreement may be amended, without the consent of any Holder of Registrable Securities, by written agreement signed by the Company and the Trustee, to cure any ambiguity,
correct or supplement any provision of this Agreement that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision of this Agreement or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement which shall not
be inconsistent with other provisions of this Agreement and shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders in any material respect, (ii) without the consent of any Holder of Registrable Securities, this Agreement may be amended,
modified or supplemented, and waivers of and consents to departures from the provisions hereof may be given, by written agreement signed by the Company and the Trustee to the extent that any such amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or
consent is, in their reasonable judgment, necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable law (including any interpretation of the staff of the SEC) or any change therein and (iii) to the extent any provision of this Agreement relates to the
Initial Purchaser, such provision may be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers of or consents to departures from such provisions may be given, by written agreement signed by the Company and the Trustee. 

(d) Notices. All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery,
registered first-class mail, telecopier, any courier guaranteeing overnight delivery or in accordance with the book-entry transfer facilitys procedures (i) if to a Holder, at the most current address given by such Holder to the Company by
means of a notice given in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(d), which address initially is, with respect to the Initial Purchaser, the address set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (ii) if to the Company, initially at the
Companys address set forth in the Purchase Agreement and thereafter at such other address, notice of which is given in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(d). 

20 

All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly given: at the time
delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; when receipt is acknowledged, if telecopied; and on the next Business Day, if timely delivered to an air courier
guaranteeing overnight delivery. 

Copies of all such notices, demands, or other communications shall be concurrently delivered by the
Person giving the same to the Trustee, at the address specified in the Indenture. 

(e) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors, assigns and transferees of the Initial Purchaser, including, without limitation and without the need for an express assignment, subsequent Holders; provided, however, that nothing herein
shall be deemed to permit any assignment, transfer or other disposition of Registrable Securities in violation of the terms of the Purchase Agreement or the Indenture. If any transferee of any Holder shall acquire Registrable Securities, in any
manner, whether by operation of law or otherwise, such Registrable Securities shall be held subject to all of the terms of this Agreement, and by taking and holding such Registrable Securities, such Person shall be conclusively deemed to have agreed
to be bound by and to perform all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement and such Person shall be entitled to receive the benefits hereof. 

(f) Third Party Beneficiary. The Initial Purchaser shall, when it no longer holds any beneficial interest in any Notes or Exchange
Notes, be a third party beneficiary of the agreements made hereunder among the Company and the Holders and shall have the right to enforce such agreements directly to the extent it deems such enforcement necessary or advisable to protect its rights
or the rights of Holders hereunder. 

(g) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by any one or more of the parties hereto in
any number of counterparts by manual, facsimile or electronic signature, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such respective counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution,
signed, delivery and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records
in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto
consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. 

(h) Headings. The headings in this Agreement are
for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 

(i) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT
SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE BEEN MADE IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE VALIDITY AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY PROVISIONS RELATING TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

21 

(j) Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained
herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be
affected or impaired thereby. 

(k) Securities Held by the Company or its Affiliates. Whenever the consent or approval of Holders of
a specified percentage of Registrable Securities is required hereunder, Registrable Securities held by the Company or any of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) shall not be counted in determining whether
such consent or approval was given by the Holders of such required percentage. 

22 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first
written above. 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC

By: 

/s/ Kevin R. Fease

Name: Kevin R. Fease

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature page to Registration Rights Agreement] 

Accepted and delivered as of the date first above written:

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Thomas Bausano

Name: Thomas Bausano

Title: Managing Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d938963dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Notice dated January 16, 2025 

ONCOR EXTENDS DEADLINE FOR EXCHANGE OFFERS 

Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (Oncor) is extending the expiration date of its registered exchange offers to 5:00 p.m. New York City time on
January 21, 2025. The exchange offers are offers to exchange (i) $550,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Oncors 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Exchange Notes) that have been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) for any and all of its 4.65% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 that were issued in a private offering on November 13, 2024 (the 2029 Notes), and (ii) $750,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of Oncors 5.55% Senior Secured Notes due 2054 (the 2054 Exchange Notes and, collectively with the 2029 Exchange Notes, the Exchange Notes) that have been registered under the Securities Act for any and
all of its 5.55% Senior Secured Notes due 2054 issued in a private offering on June 21, 2024 (the 2054 Notes and, collectively with the 2029 Notes, the Outstanding Notes). 

As of 5:00 pm (New York City time) on January 15, 2025, approximately $408 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes and
$569 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2054 Notes have been tendered for exchange. Oncor will accept for exchange any and all Outstanding Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the new expiration date, unless such
expiration date is further extended. Holders of the Outstanding Notes may withdraw the tender of their Outstanding Notes at any time prior to the new expiration date. Oncor does not currently intend to extend the exchange offers any further. 

The Exchange Notes are substantially identical to the Outstanding Notes, except that the Exchange Notes have been registered under the Securities Act. The
terms of the exchange offers and other information relating to Oncor are set forth in a prospectus dated December 17, 2024. Copies of the prospectus and related letters of transmittal may be obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A. which is serving as the exchange agent for the exchange offer. The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. may be contacted as follows: 

By Email By Telephone

CT_REORG_UNIT_INQUIRIES@bnymellon.com Meera Thillai (615) 381-1655

By Mail, Overnight Courier or Hand Delivery: 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 

Corporate Trust 

500 Ross Street,
Suite 625 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15262 

Attn: Meera Thillai 

The prospectus and other
materials related to the exchange offers may also be obtained free of charge at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commissions web site (www.sec.gov). These documents contain important information that should be read carefully before any
decision is made with respect to the exchange offers. 

This notice shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any
security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offering, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. 

Oncor

1616 Woodall Rodgers Freeway

Dallas, Texas 75202

oncor.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c311-20250114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c311-20250114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>c311-20250114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g938963g0116053005273.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO LLC

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001193311

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 333-100240

Entity Tax Identification Number 75-2967830

Entity Address, Address Line One 1616 Woodall Rodgers Fwy.

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75202

City Area Code (214)

Local Phone Number 486-2000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250114/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

c311-20250114.xsd 
c311-20250114_lab.xml 
c311-20250114_pre.xml 
d938963d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-007360-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d938963d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001193311 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO LLC 
DE 
false 
0001193311 
8-K 
2025-01-14 
333-100240 
75-2967830 
1616 Woodall Rodgers Fwy. 
Dallas 
TX 
75202 
(214) 
486-2000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>