<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-004468.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-004468.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331074132
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-004468
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		24
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XTI Aerospace, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001529113
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				880434915
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36404
		FILM NUMBER:		25788944

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8123 INTERPORT BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE C
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-680-7412

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8123 INTERPORT BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE C
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INPIXON
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sysorex Global
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160216

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sysorex Global Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130808
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0236269-8k_xtiaero.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000152911300015291132025-03-282025-03-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 28, 2025

XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-36404 88-0434915

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 

Identification No.) 

8123 InterPort Blvd., Suite C

Englewood, CO 80112

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (800) 680-7412

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock XTIA The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 28, 2025, XTI Aerospace,
Inc. (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with ThinkEquity LLC
(the Representative), as the representative of the underwriters named therein (the Underwriters), relating
to a firm commitment underwritten public offering (the Offering) of 765,200 shares (the Shares) of the Companys
common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), pre-funded warrants (the Pre-funded Warrants) to
purchase up to 2,176,000 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-funded Warrant Shares), and common warrants (the Common
Warrants and together with the Pre-funded Warrants, the Warrants) to purchase up to 2,941,200 shares of Common Stock
(the Common Warrant Shares and together with the Pre-funded Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares). The combined
public offering price for each share of Common Stock, together with one Common Warrant, is $1.36. The combined public offering price for
each Pre-funded Warrant, together with one Common Warrant, is $1.359. Each share of Common Stock, or a Pre-funded Warrant in lieu thereof,
is being sold together with one Common Warrant.

Each Pre-funded Warrant will
be immediately exercisable, will have an exercise price of $0.001 per share and may be exercised at any time until all of the Pre-funded
Warrants are exercised in full. Each Common Warrant will have an exercise price of $1.36 per share, will be exercisable immediately and
will expire on the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance.

The Offering is being made
pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No 333-279901), previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) on May 31, 2024, as amended on June 14, 2024 and declared effective on June 18, 2024, a base prospectus
included therein, a preliminary prospectus supplement dated March 27, 2025 and a final prospectus supplement dated March 28, 2025.

The closing of the Offering
is expected to occur on March 31, 2025. The net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the Shares and the Warrants after deducting the
underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, and assuming full exercise of the
Pre-funded Warrants, is expected to be approximately $3.3 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working
capital and general corporate purposes. The Company also intends to use a portion of the net proceeds from the Offering, approximately
$2.7 million, to repay in full all amounts outstanding, including a 115% prepayment penalty, in respect of two secured promissory notes
issued by the Company to Streeterville Capital, LLC on May 1, 2024 and May 24, 2024.

Upon
closing of the Offering, the Company will issue the Representative warrants (the Representatives Warrants) as compensation
to purchase up to 147,060 shares of Common Stock (5% of the aggregate number of Shares and Pre-funded Warrant Shares). The Representatives
Warrants will have an exercise price of $1.70 per share. The Representatives Warrants will be exercisable, in whole or in
part, immediately upon issuance until the five-year anniversary of the commencement of sales of the Shares and the Warrants.

A copy of the opinion of Mitchell
Silberberg & Knupp LLP relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the Shares, the Warrants, the Warrant Shares, the Representatives
Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Representatives Warrants is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto.

The Underwriting Agreement
contains customary representations, warranties and covenants made by the Company. It also provides for customary indemnification by each
of the Company and the Underwriters, severally and not jointly, for losses or damages arising out of or in connection with the Offering,
including for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), other obligations of the parties
and termination provisions.

The Company agreed and its
executive officers and directors entered into lock-up agreements (each, a Lock-up Agreement and collectively, the Lock-up
Agreements) pursuant to which they agreed that, without the prior written consent of the Representative, not to, directly or indirectly,
offer to sell, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer or dispose of any of shares of (or enter into any transaction or device that is designed
to, or could be expected to, result in the transfer or disposition by any person at any time in the future of) Common Stock, enter into
any swap or other derivatives transaction that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic benefits or risks of ownership
of shares of Common Stock, make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration statement, including any amendments
thereto, with respect to the registration of any shares of Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of Common Stock or any other of the Companys securities or publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing,
subject to customary exceptions, for, with respect to the Company, a period of 60 days from March 28, 2025, and with respect to its executive
officers and directors, a period of 90 days from March 28, 2025.

1

Additionally, the Company
agreed that for a period of 90 days from March 28, 2025, the Company will not directly or indirectly offer to sell, sell, contract to
sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of its capital stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for shares of its capital stock in any at-the-market, continuous equity transaction or variable rate transaction,
without the prior written consent of the Representative.

The Company also agreed to
file a subsequent registration statement covering the issuance of the Warrant Shares within 10 calendar days after the issuance date of
the Warrants and use its best efforts to have it declared effective under the Securities Act by the 45th calendar day following the issuance
date of the Warrants (or, in the event of a full review by the SEC, the 60th calendar day following the issuance date of
the Warrants).

The representations, warranties
and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely
for the benefit of the parties to the Underwriting Agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.
Accordingly, the Underwriting Agreement is incorporated herein by reference only to provide investors with information regarding the terms
of the Underwriting Agreement, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business,
and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other filings with the SEC.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Underwriting Agreement, the Pre-funded Warrant, the Common Warrant, the Representatives Warrants and the Lock-up Agreements
do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Underwriting Agreement, the form
of Pre-funded Warrant, the form of Common Warrant, the form of Representatives Warrant, and the form of Lock-Up Agreement, copies
of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 1.1, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 and 10.1, respectively.

This Current Report on Form
8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities
in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On March 27, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the Offering.

On March 28, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering.

Copies of the press releases
are attached as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 28, 2025, by and between XTI Aerospace, Inc. and ThinkEquity LLC

4.1 Form of Pre-funded Warrant

4.2 Form of Common Warrant

4.3 Form of Representatives Warrant

5.1 Opinion of Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP

10.1 Form of Lock-Up Agreement

23.1 Consent of Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1 Press Release, dated March 27, 2025

99.2 Press Release, dated March 28, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

Date: March 31, 2025 By: /s/ Brooke Turk

Name: Brooke Turk

Title: Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023626901ex1-1_xtiaero.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 28, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN XTI AEROSPACE, INC. AND THINKEQUITY LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

between

XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

and

THINKEQUITY LLC

as Representative of the Several Underwriters

XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

March 28, 2025

ThinkEquity LLC

As Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 attached
hereto

17 State Street, 41st Fl

New York, NY 10004

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, XTI Aerospace,
Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Nevada (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without
limitation, all entities disclosed or described in the Registration Statement (as hereinafter defined) as being subsidiaries or affiliates
of the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with ThinkEquity LLC (hereinafter
referred to as you (including its correlatives) or the Representative) and with the other underwriters
named on Schedule 1 hereto for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative and such other underwriters
being collectively called the Underwriters or, individually, an Underwriter) as follows:

1. Purchase
and Sale of Shares.

1.1 Firm
Securities.

1.1.1. Nature
and Purchase of Firm Shares.

(i) On
the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, an aggregate of 765,200 shares (the Firm Shares)
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock),
and 2,176,000 pre-funded warrants (each, a Firm Pre-Funded Warrant, and in the
aggregate, the Firm Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase one share of Common Stock
at an exercise price of $0.001 per share (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares) until
such time as the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full, subject to adjustment as provided in the Firm Pre-Funded Warrants. Each Firm
Share and each Firm Pre-Funded Warrant shall be accompanied by one Common Stock purchase Warrant (the Firm Warrants),
each of which warrant is exercisable to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares)
at an exercise price for each share of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Firm Warrants is $1.36.

(ii) The
Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Shares (together with Firm Warrants) and
Firm Pre-Funded Warrants (together with Firm Warrants) set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule 1 attached hereto
and made a part hereof at a purchase price of $1.2648 per Firm Share and one Firm Warrant (93.0% of the per Firm Share and Firm Warrant
offering price), $1.2638 per Firm Pre-Funded Warrant and one Firm Warrant (93.0% of the per Firm Pre-funded Warrant and Firm Warrant offering
price less $0.001). The Firm Shares, the Firm Pre-Funded Warrants and the Firm Warrants (collectively, the Firm Securities)
are to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1
hereof).

1.1.2.
Shares Payment and Delivery.

(i) Delivery
and payment for the Firm Securities shall be made at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business Day following the
date hereof (or the second (2nd) Business Day following the date hereof after 4:01 p.m., Eastern time) or at such other time
as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of Blank Rome LLP, 1271 Avenue of the Americas, New York,
NY 10020 (Representative Counsel), or at such other place (or remotely by facsimile
or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment
for the Firm Securities is called the Closing Date.

(ii) Payment
for the Firm Securities shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the Company
upon delivery of the certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) representing the Firm Securities (or through
the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC) with respect to the Firm Shares)
for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Securities shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations
as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated
to sell or deliver the Firm Securities except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all of the Firm Securities. The term Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated
by law to close in New York, New York.

1.2 Over-allotment
Option.

1.2.1. Option
Securities. For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Securities,
the Company hereby grants to the Underwriters an option to purchase up to (i) 0 additional shares of Common Stock and/or additional Pre-Funded
Warrants to purchase additional shares of Common Stock, and/or (ii) up to 0 additional warrants in any combination thereof, from the Company
(the Over-allotment Option). The Firm Warrants and the Option Warrants may be referred
to herein collectively as the Warrants. Such additional shares of Common Stock,
the net proceeds of which will be deposited with the Companys account, are hereinafter referred to as Option Shares.
Such additional Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, the net proceeds of which will be deposited with the Companys
account, are hereinafter referred to as Option Pre-Funded Warrants. Such additional
Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, the net proceeds of which will be deposited with the Companys account, are hereinafter
referred to as Option Warrants. The Firm Shares and the Option Shares may be referred
to herein collectively as the Shares). The Firm Pre-Funded Warrants and the Option
Pre-Funded Warrants may be referred to herein collectively as the Pre-Funded Warrants.
The Option Shares, Option Pre-Funded Warrants and the Option Warrants may be referred to herein collectively as the Option
Securities. The purchase price to be paid per Option Share and per Option Pre-Funded Warrant
shall be equal to the price per Firm Share and per Firm Pre-Funded Warrant in Section 1.1.1 hereof, respectively, and in each case, less
$0.01 per Option Share and/or Option Pre-Funded Warrant. The purchase price to be paid per Option Warrant shall be $0.01 per Option Warrant.
The Firm Securities, the Option Securities and the Underlying Shares (defined below) are hereinafter referred to together as the Public
Securities. The Public Securities shall be issued directly by the Company and shall have the
rights and privileges described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offering and sale of the
Public Securities is hereinafter referred to as the Offering.

- 2 -

1.2.2.
Exercise of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative
as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Securities within 45 days after the date hereof, provided however,
that the Representative may not exercise the Over-allotment Option after March 31, 2025 if the Company has filed its annual report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. The Underwriters shall not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Securities
prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice
to the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing by overnight mail or facsimile or other electronic transmission
setting forth the number of Option Securities and/or Option Pre-Funded Warrants to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of
and payment for the Option Securities and/or Option Pre-Funded Warrants (the Option Closing Date),
which shall not be later than one (1) full Business Day after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the
Company and the Representative, at the offices of Representative Counsel or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile or other
electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Securities
does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option
with respect to all or any portion of the Option Securities, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) the Company shall
become obligated to sell to the Underwriters the number of Option Securities specified in such notice and (ii) each of the Underwriters,
acting severally and not jointly, shall purchase that portion of the total number of Option Securities then being purchased as set forth
in Schedule 1 opposite the name of such Underwriter.

1.2.3. Payment
and Delivery. Payment for the Option Securities shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds,
payable to the order of the Company upon delivery to you of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) representing
the Option Securities (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Underwriters. The Option Securities shall be registered
in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) full Business
Day prior to the Option Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Securities except upon tender of
payment by the Representative for applicable Option Securities. The Option Closing Date may be simultaneous with, but not earlier than,
the Closing Date; and in the event that such time and date are simultaneous with the Closing Date, the term Closing Date
shall refer to the time and date of delivery of the Firm Securities and Option Securities.

1.3 Representatives
Warrants.

1.3.1. Purchase
Warrants. The Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to the Representative (and/or its designees) on the Closing Date and Option
Closing Date, as applicable, an option (Representatives Warrant) for the
purchase of an aggregate number of shares of Common Stock representing 5% of the Firm Shares, the Option Shares, the Firm Pre-Funded Warrants
and the Option Pre-Funded Warrants and purchased on such Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable, for an aggregate purchase
price of $100.00. The Representatives Warrant agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Representatives
Warrant Agreement), shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, immediately upon the date of issuance
and expiring on the five-year anniversary of the date of this Agreement at an initial exercise price per share of Common Stock of $1.70,
which is equal to 125% of the initial public offering price of the Firm Shares. The Representatives Warrant Agreement and the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof are hereinafter referred to together as the Representatives Securities.

1.3.2. Delivery.
Delivery of the Representatives Warrant shall be made on the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date and shall be issued in the
name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Applicable Time (as defined below),
as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing Date, if any, as follows:

- 3 -

2.1 Filing
of Registration Statement.

2.1.1.
Pursuant to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279901), including any related prospectus or prospectuses, for
the registration of the Public Securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
which registration statement was prepared by the Company in all material respects in conformity with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act (the Securities Act Regulations)
and contains and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and
the Securities Act Regulations. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement on file with the Commission
at any given time, including any amendments thereto to such time, exhibits and schedules thereto at such time, documents filed as a part
thereof or incorporated pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act at such time and the documents and information otherwise
deemed to be a part thereof or included therein pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule 430B
Information) or otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act Regulations at such time, is referred
to herein as the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement at
the time it originally became effective is referred to herein as the Initial Registration Statement.
If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the
term Registration Statement shall include such registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement
was declared effective by the Commission on June 18, 2024. 

The prospectus dated June
18, 2024 is herein called the Base Prospectus. Each of (i) preliminary prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus
(including the Base Prospectus as so supplemented) that described the Public Securities and the Offering and omitted the Rule 430B Information
and that was used prior to the filing of the final prospectus supplement and (ii) the Base Prospectus, together with all of the documents
incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement as of the date of this Agreement pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities
Act, referred to in the following paragraph is herein called a Preliminary Prospectus.

Promptly after the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will prepare and file with the Commission a final prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus
relating to the Public Securities and the Offering in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430B and Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act
Regulations. Such final prospectus supplement (including the Base Prospectus as so supplemented), in the form filed with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act is herein called the Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Base
Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference
therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act as of the date of such prospectus.

Applicable
Time means 8:45 a.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Disclosure Package
means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the Preliminary Prospectus and the information
included on Schedule 2-A hereto, all considered together.

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in
Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus
(as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Public Securities that is (i) required to be filed with
the Commission by the Company, (ii) a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i),
whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i)
because it contains a description of the Public Securities or of the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the
form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records
pursuant to Rule 433(g).

- 4 -

Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended
for general distribution to prospective investors (other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule
433 (the Bona Fide Electronic Road Show)), as evidenced by its being specified
in Schedule 2-B hereto. 

Issuer
Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectus.

2.1.2. Pursuant
to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A12B (File Number 001-36404) providing for the registration
pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
of the shares of Common Stock. The registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the
Commission on or prior to the date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the
registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is
contemplating terminating such registration.

2.2 Stock
Exchange Listing. The shares of Common Stock are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange)
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the shares of Common Stock from the Exchange,
nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing except as described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The Company has submitted the Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with
the Exchange with respect to the Offering of the Public Securities.

2.3 No
Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any order
preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted or, to
the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied with each
request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

2.4 Disclosures
in Registration Statement.

2.4.1. Compliance
with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation. 

(i) Each
of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective (including each deemed effective
date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule 430B or otherwise under the Securities Act) complied and will comply in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. The conditions for use of Form S-3, set forth
in the General Instructions thereto, including, but not limited to, General Instruction I.B.6 and other conditions related to the offer
and sale of the Public Securities, have been satisfied. Each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time each was or will be
filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities
Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering and the Prospectus
was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent
permitted by Regulation S-T promulgated under the Securities Act.

(ii)
Neither the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or
at any Option Closing Date (if any), contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or
will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided,
however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Representative expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information
provided by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists solely of the following disclosure contained in the following paragraph in the Underwriting
section of the Prospectus: the name of the Underwriters (the Underwriters Information).

- 5 -

(iii) The
Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date (if any), did not, does not and will
not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto
does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Prospectus or
the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together with the Pricing Prospectus
as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this
representation and warranty shall not apply to the Underwriters Information.

(iv) Neither
the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time of any filing
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date, included, includes or will include an
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and
warranty shall not apply to the Underwriters Information.

(v) The
documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, when they became effective
or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or
the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and none of such documents contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, when such documents become effective or are filed with the Commission,
as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable,
and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

2.4.2.
Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained or incorporated by reference therein and there are
no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, or
to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, that have not been so described
or filed or incorporated by reference. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is
a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized
and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and,
to the Companys knowledge the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability
of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy
of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion
of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company,
and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge,
no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the Companys
knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of
any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, ordinance, judgment, order or decree of any governmental or regulatory agency, body, authority
or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental
Entity), including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has no subsidiaries and has
no other interest, nominal or beneficial, direct or indirect, in any other corporation, joint venture or other business entity.

- 6 -

2.4.3. Prior
Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of,
any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Preliminary Prospectus.

2.4.4. Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, state, local
and all foreign regulation on the Offering and the Companys business as currently contemplated are accurate, correct and complete
in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

2.4.5. No
Other Distribution of Offering Materials. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not distribute any offering
material in connection with the Offering other than any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and other materials,
if any, permitted under the Securities Act and consistent with Section 3.2 below.

2.5 Changes
After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.5.1. No
Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the
financial position or results of operations of the Company, nor any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would
involve a material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change in or affecting the business, general affairs, management,
condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, stockholders equity, business, assets, properties or prospects of the
Company (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no material transactions
entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no officer or director of the Company
has resigned from any position with the Company; and (iv) the Company has not sustained any material loss or interference with its business
or properties from fire, explosion, flood, earthquake, hurricane, accident or other calamity.

2.5.2. Recent
Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities, other than
securities issued pursuant to the Companys existing equity incentive or stock option plans for shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of then outstanding options, restricted stock units or convertible securities or incurred any liability
or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution
on or in respect to its capital stock.

- 7 -

2.5.3. Disclosure
in Commission Filings. Since January 1, 2024, (i) none of the Companys filings with the Commission contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, except to the extent such filings were subsequently amended; and (ii) the Company has made
all filings with the Commission required under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder
(the Exchange Act Regulations). 

2.6 Independent
Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, Marcum LLP (the Auditor),
whose report is filed with the Commission and included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations
and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Auditor has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit
services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.7 Financial
Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included or incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present the financial position and the
results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have been
prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP),
consistently applied throughout the periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end
audit adjustments that are not expected to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the
supporting schedules included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
present fairly the information required to be stated therein. Except as included therein or incorporated by reference herein, no
historical or pro forma financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus under the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro
forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and the related notes, if any, included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been properly compiled and prepared in accordance with the
applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations and
present fairly the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments
used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures contained in
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein,
regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission), if
any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable.
Each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions,
arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or
other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or
expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (a) neither the Company nor
any of its significant subsidiaries (as such term is defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated under the
Securities Act) (each, a Subsidiary and, collectively, the
Subsidiaries), has incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct
or contingent, or entered into any material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not
declared or paid any dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any
change in the capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or, other than in the course of business or any grants under
any stock compensation plan, and (d) there has not been any Material Adverse Change in the Companys long-term or short-term
debt.

- 8 -

2.8 Authorized
Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted stock capitalization set
forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, on the
date hereof, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, there was or will be no stock options, warrants,
or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued shares of Common Stock of the Company or any security convertible
or exercisable into shares of Common Stock of the Company, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell shares of Common Stock or
any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.9 Valid
Issuance of Securities, etc.

2.9.1. Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission, rights
of first refusal, rights of participation or similar rights with respect thereto or put rights, and are not subject to personal liability
by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights, rights of first refusal
or rights of participation or similar rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the
Company. The authorized shares of Common Stock conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding shares of Common Stock were at all relevant
times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or, based in part
on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such Shares, exempt from such registration requirements.

2.9.2. Securities
Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities and the Representatives Securities have been duly authorized for issuance
and sale and, when issued and paid, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be
subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities and the Representatives Securities are not
and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by
the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities and the Representatives
Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public Securities and the Representatives Securities conform in all material respects
to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. All corporate
action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants and the Representatives
Warrants has been duly and validly taken the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants
and the Representatives Warrant (the Underlying Shares) have been duly authorized
and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and when paid for and issued, such Underlying Shares
will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability
by reason of being such holders and such shares of Common Stock are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any
holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.

- 9 -

2.10 Registration
Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no holders
of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the
right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include any such securities
in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.11 Validity
and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Representatives Warrant Agreement have been
duly and validly authorized by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of
any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy
of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion
of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.12 No
Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Representatives Warrant Agreement,
the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants and all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein
contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice
or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a material breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute
a material default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge, mortgage, pledge, security
interest, claim, equity, trust or other encumbrance, preferential arrangement or restriction of any kind whatsoever upon any portion of
any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, lease, loan agreement or
any other agreement or instrument, license or permit to which the Company is a party or as to which any property of the Company is a party
or any of its assets are bound, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus; (ii) result
in any violation of the provisions of the Companys Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (as the same may
be amended or restated from time to time, the Charter) or the amended and restated by-laws of the Company (as the same may
be amended or restated from time to time); or (iii) violate any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree
of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof, except, in the case of (iii), for those violations that would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

2.13 No
Defaults; Violations. No material default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any material
license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing
an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company
may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject, except for such defaults that would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision
of its Charter or by-laws, or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree
of any Governmental Entity, except for those violations that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Change.

2.14 Corporate
Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.14.1. Conduct
of Business. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has all
requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary consents, authorizations, approvals, registrations, orders, licenses,
certificates, qualifications, registrations and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs
as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, except where such failure to have such consents, authorizations, approvals, registrations, orders, license,
certificates, qualifications, registrations and permit would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

- 10 -

2.14.2. Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the
Warrants and the Representatives Warrant Agreement and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations,
approvals, registrations, orders licenses, certificates, qualifications, registrations and permits required in connection therewith have
been obtained. No consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body is required for the
valid issuance, sale and delivery of the Public Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by this
Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants and the Representatives Warrant Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules
and regulations of the Exchange and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

2.15 D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders)
as supplemented by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers and principal stockholders as described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as well as in the Lock-Up Agreement (as defined in Section 2.25 below), provided
to the Underwriters, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would
cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate and incorrect in any respect.

2.16 Litigation;
Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding
pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company, or, to the Companys knowledge, any
executive officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or
in connection with the Companys listing application for the listing of the Public Securities on the Exchange and which is required
to be disclosed.

2.17 Good
Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of
the State of Nevada as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in
which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified
or in good standing, singularly or in the aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.18 Insurance.
The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with reputable insurers, in such amounts and covering such risks which
the Company believes are adequate, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to $5,000,000
and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing
insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary
or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.19 Transactions
Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

2.19.1. Finders
Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no claims,
payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination fee by
the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Public Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or
understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters
compensation, as determined by FINRA.

- 11 -

2.19.2. Payments
Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company
has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting
fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or
provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation
or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Agreement, other than the payment to the
Underwriters as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering.

2.19.3. Use
of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates,
except as specifically authorized herein.

2.19.4. FINRA
Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of the Companys
securities or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180-day period
immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating
in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA). The Company (i) does not have any material lending
or other relationship with any bank or lending affiliate of any Underwriter and (ii) does not intend to use any of the proceeds from the
sale of the Public Securities to repay any outstanding debt owed to any affiliate of any Underwriter.

2.19.5. Information.
All information provided by the Company in its, and to the Companys knowledge, all information provided by the Companys
officers and directors in their FINRA questionnaire to Representative Counsel specifically for use by Representative Counsel in connection
with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all material respects.

2.20 Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer,
agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, has, directly or indirectly, (i) given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions
to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or
employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for
office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist
it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (a) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal
or governmental litigation or proceeding, (b) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change; (c) if not continued
in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business, operations or prospects of the Company; or (d) violated or is in violation
of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA) or any applicable non-U.S. anti-bribery statute or regulation;
(ii) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment; or (iii) received notice of any investigation,
proceeding or inquiry by any Governmental Entity regarding any of the matters in clauses (i) or (ii) above; and the Company has conducted
its business in compliance with the FCPA in all material respects, and has instituted and maintains policies and procedures designed to
ensure, and which are reasonably expected to ensure, that the Company will continue to comply in all material respects with the FCPA.
The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply
in all material respects with the FCPA.

- 12 -

2.21 Compliance
with OFAC. None of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries,
is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury
(OFAC), and the Company will not, directly or
indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary,
joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S.
sanctions administered by OFAC.

2.22 Forward-Looking
Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act) contained in either the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable
basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

2.23 Money
Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money
laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines,
issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.24 Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you or to Representative Counsel
shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.25 Lock-Up
Agreements. Schedule 3 hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys executive officers and non-employee directors
who will be subject to the Lock-Up Agreement (as defined below) (collectively, the Lock-Up
Parties). The Company has caused each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the Representative
an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Lock-Up Agreement),
on or prior to the Closing Date.

2.26 Subsidiaries.
All direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are duly organized and in good standing under the laws of the place of organization
or incorporation, and each Subsidiary is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct
of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the assets, business
or operations of the Company taken as a whole. The Companys ownership and control of each Subsidiary is as described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.27 Related
Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other person required
to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have not been described as required.

2.28 No
Relationships with Customers and Suppliers. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company on the one hand,
and the directors, officers, 5% or greater stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company or any of the Companys affiliates
on the other hand, which is required to be described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or a document incorporated by reference
therein and which is not so described. 

2.29 No
Unconsolidated Entities. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are
no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any of its affiliates (as such term is
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to, any structured finance,
special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys liquidity or
the availability of or requirements for its capital resources required to be described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
or a document incorporated by reference therein which have not been described as required

- 13 -

2.30 Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of the persons disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board comply
with the Exchange Act, the Exchange Act Regulations, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act) applicable to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of
the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term
is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the
Board of Directors qualify as independent, as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

2.31 Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance.

2.31.1. Disclosure
Controls. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has developed
and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that will comply with Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations
and such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information concerning the Company will be made known on a
timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys Exchange Act filings and other public disclosure
documents.

2.31.2. Compliance.
The Company is, or at the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and taken reasonable steps to ensure the Companys future
compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act.

2.31.3. Accounting
Controls. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting (as
defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in
accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as
disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company is not aware of any material
weaknesses in its internal controls. The Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over
financial reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud
known to the Companys management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements
included in the Disclosure Package, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial
reporting. 

- 14 -

2.32 No
Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds thereof
as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an investment
company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

2.33 No
Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company,
is imminent. 

2.34 Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents, patent
applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses,
inventions, trade secrets and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights)
necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries necessary for the conduct of its business as currently carried on and as described in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will involve or give rise to any infringement of, or license or similar fees
for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice alleging
any such infringement of, license or similar fees for, or conflict with any asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except
as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change (A) to the knowledge
of the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights
owned by the Company; (B) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by
others challenging the rights of the Company in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts
which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims
in this Section 2.35, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by
the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have not been adjudged by
a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual
Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would,
individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.34, reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Change; (D) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim
by others that the Company infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary
rights of others, the Company has not received any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware of any other facts which
would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in
this Section 2.34, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (E) to the Companys knowledge, no
employee of the Company is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment contract, patent
disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement
or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees
employment with the Company, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company and could reasonably be expected
to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys knowledge, all material technical
information developed by and belonging to the Company which has not been patented or disclosed in a patent application has been kept
confidential. The Company is not a party to or bound by any options, licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual
Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus and are not described therein. The Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
contain in all material respects the same description of the matters set forth in the preceding sentence. None of the technology
employed by the Company has been obtained or is being used by the Company in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its officers, directors or employees, or otherwise
in violation of the rights of any persons. 

- 15 -

To
the Companys knowledge, all licenses for the use of the Intellectual Property Rights described in the Registration Statement, the
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are in full force and effect in all material respects and are enforceable by the Company and, to
the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with their terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification
or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and the Company,
has no knowledge, that any other party is in default thereunder and no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of
notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder.

2.35 Taxes.
Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior
to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has paid all
taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the
Company or such respective Subsidiary. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part
of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including
the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Underwriters, (i) no issues have been raised
(and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from the Company or
its Subsidiaries, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have been given by
or requested from the Company or its Subsidiaries. The term taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign and other net
income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding,
payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees,
assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with
respect thereto. The term returns means all U.S. returns, declarations, reports, statements and other documents required
to be filed in respect to taxes.

2.36 ERISA
Compliance. The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA))
established or maintained by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material
respects with ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations
described in Sections 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published
interpretations thereunder (the Code) of which the Company is a member. No reportable event (as defined
under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or
maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the
Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of
unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA). Neither the Company, nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or
reasonably expects to incur any material liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from,
any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit
plan established or maintained by the Company, or any of its ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section
401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act,
which would cause the loss of such qualification.

- 16 -

2.37 Compliance
with Laws. The Company: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances, judgments,
orders and decrees of all Governmental Entities applicable to the Companys business (Applicable
Laws), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result
in or have a Material Adverse Change; (B) has not received any warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from
any other Governmental Entity alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, consents, certificates, approvals,
clearances, authorizations, permits, orders and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations);
(C) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation
of any term of any such Authorizations; (D) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, litigation, proceeding, hearing, enforcement,
investigation, inquiry, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that any product operation or
activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity or third party
is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, litigation proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, inquiry,
arbitration or other action; (E) has not received notice that any Governmental Entity has taken, is taking or intends to take action to
limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity considering such action; (F)
has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, filings, notices, applications, records, claims,
submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms,
notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct on the date filed (or were
corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission); and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted, or
issued or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert, post-sale warning,
dear doctor letter, or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product or any alleged
product defect or violation and, to the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any
such notice or action.

2.38 Ineligible
Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time of effectiveness
of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant
made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Public Securities and at the date
hereof, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination
by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

2.39 Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all foreign, federal, state and local rules, laws and regulations
relating to the use, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health and safety
or the environment which are applicable to their businesses (Environmental Laws),
except where the failure to comply would not, singularly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. There has been no
storage, generation, transportation, handling, treatment, disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind of toxic or
other wastes or other hazardous substances by, due to, or caused by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or, to the
Companys knowledge, any other entity for whose acts or omissions the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may otherwise
be liable) upon any of the property now or previously owned or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries , or upon any other
property, in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit or which would, under any
law, statute, ordinance, rule (including rule of common law), regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit, give rise to any
liability; and there has been no disposal, discharge, emission or other release of any kind onto such property or into the
environment surrounding such property of any toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances with respect to which the Company
has knowledge.

- 17 -

2.40 Real
Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real or personal
property which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case free and clear of all liens,
encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such property
and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and all of
the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and under which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of any material claim of any sort that
has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above,
or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or such Subsidiary to the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises
under any such lease or sublease.

2.41 Contracts
Affecting Capital. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any of its affiliates
(as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to,
any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys
or any of its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources required to be described
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which have not been described or
incorporated by reference as required.

2.42 Loans
to Directors or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course
of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors
of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus.

2.43 Ineligible
Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time of effectiveness of
the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant
made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Public Securities and at the date
hereof, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination
by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

2.44 Smaller
Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was, and currently is, a smaller
reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.45 Industry
Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate or represent
the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

2.46 Margin
Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be
used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring
any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause
any of the shares of Common Stock to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the
Federal Reserve Board. 

- 18 -

2.47 Exchange
Act Reports. The Company has filed in a timely manner all reports required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(e), 14 and 15(d)
of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (except to the extent that Section 15(d) requires reports to be filed pursuant to Sections
13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act, which shall be governed by the next clause of this sentence); and the Company has filed in a timely
manner all reports required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act since January 1, 2024, except where the
failure to timely file could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Change. 

2.48 Minute
Books. The minute books of the Company and each Subsidiary since at least March 12, 2024 have been made available to the Representative
and Representative Counsel, and such books (i) contain a complete summary of all meetings and actions of the board of directors (including
each board committee) and stockholders of the Company and each Subsidiary (or analogous governing bodies and interest holders, as applicable),
and since March 12, 2024 through the date of the latest meeting and action, and (ii) accurately in all material respects reflect all transactions
referred to in such minutes. There are no material transactions, agreements, dispositions or other actions of the Company and each Subsidiary
that are not properly approved and/or accurately and fairly recorded in the minute books of the Company or its Subsidiary, as applicable.

2.49 Integration.
Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering to be integrated
with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such securities under
the Securities Act.

2.50 No
Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent of
the Representative) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably
be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of
any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

2.51 Confidentiality
and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the Company is subject
to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer that
could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the Company or be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.52 Testing-the-Waters
Communications. The Company has not (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications, other than Testing-the-Waters Communications
with the written consent of the Representative and with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A
under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and (ii)
authorized anyone other than the Representative to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company confirms that the Representative
has been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written
Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule 2-C hereto. Written Testing-the-Waters Communication
means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

- 19 -

2.53 Electronic
Road Show. The Company has made available a Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of the Securities
Act Regulations such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations)
is required in connection with the Offering.

3. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1 Amendments
to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Disclosure Package or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the date hereof and not file any such amendment
or supplement to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing. 

3.2 Federal
Securities Laws.

3.2.1. Compliance.
The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 424(b) and Rule 430B of the Securities Act Regulations,
and will notify the Representative promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement or any amendment or supplement to any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus shall have been filed
and when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall become effective; (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the
Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any
Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission
of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of any order preventing
or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification
of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such
purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the Registration Statement; and (v) if
the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the Offering of the Public Securities.The
Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period
required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and shall take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether
the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was
not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order,
prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

3.2.2. Continued
Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and the Exchange
Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in
the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the Public
Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172),
would be) required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Public Securities, any event shall occur or
condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to
(i) amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading; (ii) amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a
purchaser or (iii) amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the
case may be, in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations, the Company will
promptly (A) give the Representative notice of such event; (B) prepare any amendment or supplement as may be necessary to
correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such
requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish the Representative with copies of any
such amendment or supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement; provided, however, that the
Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative or counsel for the Underwriters shall
reasonably object. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the
Underwriters may reasonably request. The Company has given the Representative notice of any filings made pursuant to the Exchange
Act or the Exchange Act Regulations within 48 hours prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the Representative notice
of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time until the later of the Closing Date will furnish the
Representative with copies of the related document(s) a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be,
and will not file or use any such document to which the Representative or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably
object.

- 20 -

3.2.3. Exchange
Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts to maintain
the registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deregister the shares of Common Stock under
the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed.

3.2.4. Free
Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative, it shall not make
any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by
the Company under Rule 433; provided, however, that the Representative shall be deemed to have consented to each Issuer General Use Free
Writing Prospectus hereto and any road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) that
has been reviewed by the Representative. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each such free writing
prospectus consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Underwriters as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in
Rule 433, and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 with respect thereto, including timely
filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict
with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at
that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Underwriters and will promptly amend or supplement, at its
own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

3.2.5. Testing-the-Waters
Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there occurred or occurs
an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Representative and shall promptly
amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement or
omission.

3.3 Delivery
to the Underwriters of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make available
to the Representative and counsel for the Representative, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally
filed and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also
deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment
thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto
furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant
to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

- 21 -

3.4 Delivery
to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available to each Underwriter,
without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company hereby consents
to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge,
during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required
to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such Underwriter may
reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically
transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.5 Effectiveness
and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) cause the Registration Statement
to remain effective with a current prospectus until the date on which the Company files with the Commission its annual report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and (ii) file with the Commission a registration statement relating to the primary issuance
of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares and the Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants and Warrants (the Subsequent
Registration Statement), The Company shall notify the Representative immediately and confirm
the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and the Subsequent Registration Statement and any amendment
thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for
that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification
of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that
purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement,
Prospectus, the Subsequent Registration Statement or the prospectus used in connection with the Subsequent Registration Statement; (v) of
the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event
during the period described in this Section 3.5 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the
Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, the Subsequent Registration Statement or the prospectus used in connection
with the Subsequent Registration Statement, untrue or that requires the making of any changes in (a) the Registration Statement or the
Subsequent Registration Statement, as applicable, in order to make the statements therein not misleading, or (b) in the Disclosure Package,
the Prospectus or the prospectus used in connection with the Subsequent Registration Statement, in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any state securities commission shall enter
a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company shall make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting
of such order.

3.6 Review
of Financial Statements. For a period of five (5) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense, shall cause
its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements
for each of the three fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.7 Listing.
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of the shares of Common Stock on the Exchange for at
least three (3) years from the date of this Agreement.

- 22 -

3.8 Financial
Public Relations Firm. The Company has retained a financial public relations firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative and
the Company, which firm shall be experienced in assisting issuers in public offerings of securities and in their relations with their
security holders, and shall retain such firm or another firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative for a period of not less than
two (2) years after the date hereof. The Representative and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that Crescendo Communications LLC
is an acceptable financial public relations firm.

3.9 Reports
to the Representative.

3.9.1. Periodic
Reports, etc. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make available to the
Representative copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally
to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish to the Representative: (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company
shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations; (ii) a copy of every press release
and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs which was released by the Company; (iii) a copy of each Form
8-K prepared and filed by the Company; (iv) five copies of each registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act;
(v) a copy of each report or other communication furnished to stockholders; and (vi) such additional documents and information with respect
to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request;
provided, however, the Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which
is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and Representative Counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such
information. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative
pursuant to this Section 3.9.1.

3.9.2. Transfer
Agent; Transfer Sheets. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain a transfer agent,
and registrar acceptable to the Representative (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish to the Representative at the
Companys sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities as the Representative may reasonably request,
including the daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and DTC. Computershare Trust Company, N.A. is acceptable
to the Representative to act as Transfer Agent for the shares of Common Stock. 

3.9.3. Trading
Reports. For a period of six (6) months after the date hereof, the Company shall provide to the Representative, at the Companys
expense, such reports published by Exchange relating to price trading of the Public Securities, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Warrant
Shares, and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Representatives Warrants, as the Representative shall reasonably request.

- 23 -

3.10 Payment
of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not
paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement,
including, but not limited to, (a) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the Securities to be
sold in the Offering (including the Option Securities) with the Commission; (b) all filing fees and expenses associated with the
review of the Offering by FINRA; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares
and Warrant Shares on The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the NYSE or the NYSE
American and on such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Representative together determine, including any fees charged by
DTC for new securities; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to background checks of the Companys officers,
directors and entities in an amount not to exceed $15,000 in the aggregate; (e) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the
registration or qualification of such Securities under the blue sky securities laws of such states, if applicable, and
other jurisdictions as the Representative may reasonably designate; (f) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the
registration, qualification or exemption of such Shares under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the
Representative may reasonably designate; (g) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents (including, without
limitation, the Underwriting Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any
Agreement Among Underwriters, Selected Dealers Agreement, Underwriters Questionnaire and Power of Attorney),
Registration Statements, Prospectuses, and all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final
Prospectuses as the Underwriter may reasonably deem necessary; (h) the costs and expenses of the public relations firm; (i) the
costs of preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing the Public Securities; (j) fees and expenses of the transfer
agent for the Common Stock; (k) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities from the Company
to the Underwriters; (l) the costs associated with post-Closing advertising the Offering in the national editions of the Wall Street
Journal and New York Times; (m) the costs associated with bound volumes of the public offering materials as well as commemorative
mementos and lucite tombstones, each of which the Company or its designee will provide within a reasonable time after the Closing in
such quantities as the Underwriters may reasonably request; (n) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants; (o) the
fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (p) the fees and expenses of the
Underwriters legal counsel not to exceed $125,000; (q) the $29,500 cost associated with the use of Ipreos book
building, prospectus tracking and compliance software for the Offering; (r) $10,000 for data services and communications expenses;
(s) up to $10,000 of the Underwriters actual accountable road show expenses; and (t) up to $30,000 of the
Underwriters market making and trading, and clearing firm settlement expenses for the Offering. The Representative may deduct
from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, if any, the expenses
set forth herein (less any amounts previously advanced against such actual reimbursable expense) to be paid by the Company to the
Underwriters; provided however, that it is agreed that the total reimbursable expenses to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters
shall not exceed $175,000; and provided, further, in the event that the Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the
Underwriters pursuant to Section 8.3(c).

3.11 [INTENTIONALLY
OMITTED].

3.12 Application
of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with the application
thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

3.13 Delivery
of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable,
but not later than the first day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the date of this Agreement, an earnings
statement (which need not be certified by independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Securities Act or the Securities
Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act) covering a period of
at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement.

3.14 Stabilization.
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent of the Representative)
has taken or shall take directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to
cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of
the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

- 24 -

3.15 Internal
Controls. The Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.16 Accountants.
As of the date of this Agreement, the Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting
firm for a period of at least three (3) years after the date of this Agreement. The Representative acknowledges that the Auditor is acceptable
to the Representative.

3.17 FINRA.
The Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware that (i) any officer
or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of the Companys securities or (iii) any beneficial
owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180 days immediately preceding the filing of
the Registration Statement is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined
in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

3.18 No
Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual
in nature and that none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity,
or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

3.19 Restriction
on Continuous Offerings. Notwithstanding the restrictions contained in Section 3.20, the Company, on behalf of itself and any successor
entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Representative, it will not, for a period of ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement, directly or indirectly in any at-the-market or continuous equity or similar offering facility, variable
rate transaction, offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of capital stock of the
Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company.

3.20 Company
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the
Representative, it will not for a period of sixty (60) days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up
Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase,
purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly
or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares
of capital stock of the Company; (ii) file or cause to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering
of any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital
stock of the Company other than the Subsequent Registration Statement and a registration statement on Form S-8; or (iii) complete any
offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit with a traditional bank or (iv) enter into any swap
or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of capital stock of
the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of
capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

- 25 -

The
restrictions contained in this Section 3.20 shall not apply to (i) the shares of Common Stock to be sold hereunder, including the Underlying
Shares, (ii) the issuance by the Company of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of
a security outstanding on the date hereof, which is disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus, provided
that such options, warrants, and securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities
or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or to extend the term of such securities, (iii)
the issuance by the Company of stock options, or any other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares or capital
stock of the Company, or shares of capital stock of the Company or other awards under any equity compensation plan, or stock or option
plan, of the Company, (iv) the issuance by the Company of 33,500 shares of Common Stock pursuant to existing obligations outstanding on
the date hereof, which is disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package and Prospectus, provided that in each of (ii), (iii)
and (iv) above, the underlying shares shall be restricted from sale during the entire Lock-Up Period, and (v) the issuance by the Company
of restricted shares of Common Stock in connection with mergers, acquisitions or joint ventures, provided that such securities are issued
as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of
any registration statement in connection therewith during the Lock-Up Period, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person
(or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a
business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment
of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital
or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

3.21 Release
of D&O Lock-up Period. If the Representative, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions set forth in
the Lock-Up Agreements described in Section 2.25 hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provide the Company with notice
of the impending release or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the Company agrees
to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto through a major
news service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

3.22 Blue
Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, if necessary, to qualify
the Public Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign)
as the Representative may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of
the Public Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or
to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself
to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.23 Reporting
Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded
by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission
pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally, the Company
shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Public Securities as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities Act
Regulations.

3.24 Press
Release. Prior to the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, the Company shall not issue any press release or other
communication directly or indirectly or hold any press conference with respect to the Company, its condition, financial or
otherwise, or earnings, business affairs or business prospects (except for routine oral marketing communications in the ordinary
course of business and consistent with the past practices of the Company and of which the Representative is notified), without the
prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, unless in the judgment of the Company
and its counsel, and after notification to the representative, such press release or communication is required by law. 

- 26 -

3.25 Sarbanes
Oxley. The Company shall at all times comply with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes Oxley Act in effect from time to time.

3.26 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has irrevocably reserved, and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available
at all times, free of pre-emptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue
the Underlying Shares.

4. Conditions
of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public Securities, as provided
herein, shall be subject to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and
as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any; (ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made
pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following conditions:

4.1 Regulatory
Matters.

4.1.1. Commission
Actions; Required Filings. At each of the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto has been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending
the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted
or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any)
from the Commission for additional information. A Prospectus containing the Rule 430B Information shall have been filed with the Commission
in the manner and within the time frame required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act Regulations (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8))
or a post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance
with the requirements of Rule 430B under the Securities Act regulations.

4.1.2. [INTENTIONALLY
OMITTED]

4.1.3. Exchange
Clearance. On the Closing Date, the shall have submitted a Nasdaq Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with respect to the
listing on the Exchange of the Shares and the Underlying Shares.

4.2 Company
Counsel Matters.

4.2.1. Closing
Date Opinion of Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the opinion of Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp
LLP, counsel to the Company, and a written statement providing certain 10b-5 negative assurances, dated the Closing Date
and addressed to the Representative, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

4.2.2. Option
Closing Date Opinions of Counsel. On the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinions
of counsel listed in Section 4.2.1, dated the Option Closing Date, addressed to the Representative and in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Representative, confirming as of the Option Closing Date, the statements made by such counsel in its respective opinions
delivered on the Closing Date.

- 27 -

4.2.3. Reliance.
In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the
United States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent specified in such
opinion, if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) of other counsel
reasonably acceptable to the Representative, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact, to the extent they
deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions
having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements
or certificates shall be delivered to Representative Counsel if requested. The opinions of Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP listed
in Section 4.2.1 and any opinion relied upon by any such counsel shall include a statement to the effect that it may be relied upon by
Representative Counsel in its opinion delivered to the Underwriters.

4.3 Comfort
Letters. 

4.3.1. Cold
Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed you shall have received a cold comfort letter from the Auditor containing statements
and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements and certain
financial information contained or incorporated by reference or deemed incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, addressed to the Representative and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to you, dated as of
the date of this Agreement.

4.3.2. Bring-down
Comfort Letter. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received from the Auditor
a letter, dated as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable, to the effect that the Auditor reaffirms the statements
made in their letter furnished pursuant to Section 4.3.1, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three
(3) business days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable. 

4.4 Officers
Certificates.

4.4.1. Officers
Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate, dated the Closing Date and any Option Closing
Date (if such date is other than the Closing Date), of its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer stating that (i)
such officers have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the
Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, as of the Applicable Time and as of the
Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date) did not include any untrue statement of a
material fact and did not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, and the Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such
date is other than the Closing Date), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as of the Closing Date (or any Option
Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), and the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of the
respective dates thereof and as of the Closing Date, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made,
not misleading, (ii) since the effective date of the Registration Statement, no event has occurred which should have been set forth
in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (iii) to the best of their
knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing
Date), the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (except for
those representations and warranties qualified as to materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects and except for
those representations and warranties which refer to facts existing at a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such
date)and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied
hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), and (iv) there
has not been, subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the
Disclosure Package, any material adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, or any change or
development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change,
in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company, except
as set forth in the Prospectus.

- 28 -

4.4.2. Secretarys
Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Date, as the case may be, respectively, certifying:
(i) that each of the Charter and Bylaws is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that
the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified;
(iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; and (iv) as
to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.4.3. Chief
Financial Officers Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have
received a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may
be, respectively, with respect to the accuracy of certain information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

4.5 No
Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no
Material Adverse Change or development involving a prospective Material Adverse Change from the latest dates as of which such condition
is set forth in the Registration Statement and no change in the capital stock or debt of the Company, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus;
(ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before
or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding
may materially adversely affect the business, operations, properties, assets, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company,
except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been
issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; (iv) no action
shall have been taken and no law, statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any Governmental Entity
that would prevent the issuance or sale of the Public Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially materially and adversely
affect the business or operations of the Company; (v) no injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or
state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued that would prevent the issuance or sale of the Public Securities or materially
and adversely affect or potentially materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and (vi) the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements that
are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in all material
respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

4.6 Corporate
Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form and validity of each of this
Agreement, the Public Securities, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and all other legal matters
relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material
respects to counsel for the Underwriters, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that
they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

- 29 -

4.7 Delivery
of Agreements.

4.7.1. Lock-Up
Agreements. On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Lock-Up Agreements
from each of the persons listed in Schedule 3 hereto.

4.7.2. Pre-Funded
Warrants. On the Closing Date and at each Option Closing Date (if any), the Company shall have delivered to the Representative
executed copies of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

4.7.3. Representatives
Warrant Agreement. On the Closing date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Representatives
Warrant Agreement.

4.7.4. Warrants.
On the Closing Date and at each Option Closing Date (if any), the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies
of the Warrants.

4.8 Additional
Documents. At the Closing Date and at each Option Closing Date (if any) Representative Counsel shall have been furnished with such
documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling Representative Counsel to deliver an opinion to the Underwriters,
or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein
contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities and the as herein
contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and Representative Counsel. .

5. Indemnification.

5.1 Indemnification
of the Underwriters.

5.1.1.
General. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates
and each of its and their respective directors, officers, members, employees, representatives, partners, stockholders, affiliates, counsel,
and agents and each person, if any, who controls any such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and
each an Underwriter Indemnified Party), against any and all loss, liability, claim,
damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating,
preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between
any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and any third party,
or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common
law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries (a Claim), (i) arising out of or based upon any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (A) the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, any Preliminary Prospectus,
the Prospectus, or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication (as from time to time each
may be amended and supplemented); (B) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in
connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the
Company (whether in person or electronically); or (C) any application or other document or written communication (in this Section 5,
collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in
any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state
securities commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom
of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, the Underwriters
Information or (ii) otherwise arising in connection with or allegedly in connection with the Offering. The Company also agrees that it
will reimburse each Underwriter Indemnified Party for all fees and expenses (including but not limited to any and all legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever,
whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Underwriter
Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) (collectively, the Expenses),
and further agrees wherever and whenever possible to advance payment of Expenses as they are incurred by an Underwriter Indemnified Party
in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any Claim. 

- 30 -

5.1.2. Procedure.
If any action is brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant
to Section 5.1.1, such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and
the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the approval of such Underwriter
Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses if an Underwriter Indemnified Party requests that the Company do so. Such Underwriter
Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of the Company, and shall be advanced by the Company. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any
action effected without its consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without the prior
written consent of the Underwriters, settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any
pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether
or not such Underwriter Indemnified Party is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination (i) includes
an unconditional release of each Underwriter Indemnified Party, acceptable to such Underwriter Indemnified Party, from all liabilities,
expenses and claims arising out of such action for which indemnification or contribution may be sought and (ii) does not include a statement
as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Underwriter Indemnified Party.

5.2 Indemnification
of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its
officers who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity
from the Company to the several Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions made in the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application,
in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, the Underwriters Information. In case any action shall be brought against the
Company or any other person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or
Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application, and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter,
such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each other person so indemnified shall have
the rights and duties given to the several Underwriters by the provisions of Section 5.1.2. The Company agrees promptly to notify the
Representative of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or any person,
if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, in connection
with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus,
or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication.

- 31 -

5.3 Contribution.

5.3.1. Contribution
Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless
an indemnified party under Section 5.1 or 5.2 in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect thereof, referred
to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount paid or payable
by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in such proportion as
shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, from
the Offering of the Public Securities, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of
the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to the statements or omissions that resulted in such loss,
claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits
received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to such Offering shall be deemed to be in the
same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering of the Public Securities purchased under this Agreement (before deducting
expenses) received by the Company, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the one hand, and the total underwriting
discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters with respect to the shares of the Common Stock purchased under this Agreement,
as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the other hand. The relative fault shall be determined by reference
to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates
to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and
equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.3.1 were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were
treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage or liability, or action
in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 5.3.1, any legal
or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 in no event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess of
the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the Offering of the
Public Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue
or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

5.3.2. Contribution
Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the
commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made
against another party (contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure
to so notify the contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for
contribution hereunder. In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a
contributing party or its representative of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid 15 days, the contributing party will be
entitled to participate therein with the notifying party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing
party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected
by such party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking
contribution without the written consent of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section 5.3.2 are
intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or
otherwise available. Each Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 5.3 are several and not
joint.

- 32 -

6. Default
by an Underwriter.

6.1 Default
Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Securities or Option Securities. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations
to purchase the Firm Securities or the Option Securities, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised hereunder, and if the number of the
Firm Securities or Option Securities with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of
Firm Securities or Option Securities that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Securities or Option Securities
to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2 Default
Exceeding 10% of Firm Securities or Option Securities. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 relates to more than
10% of the Firm Securities or Option Securities, you may in your discretion arrange for yourself or for another party or parties to purchase
such Firm Securities or Option Securities to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If, within one (1) Business Day
after such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Securities or Option Securities, you do not arrange for the purchase of such
Firm Securities or Option Securities, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure
another party or parties satisfactory to you to purchase said Firm Securities or Option Securities on such terms. In the event that neither
you nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Securities or Option Securities to which a default relates as provided in this
Section 6, this Agreement will automatically be terminated by you or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except
as provided in Sections 3.10 and 5 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided, however, that
if such default occurs with respect to the Option Securities, this Agreement will not terminate as to the Firm Securities; and provided,
further, that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other Underwriters and to the Company
for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3 Postponement
of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Securities or Option Securities to which the default relates are to be purchased by the
non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, you or the Company shall have the right
to postpone the Closing Date or Option Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in
order to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus that in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriter may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party
to this Agreement with respect to such shares of Common Stock.

7. Additional
Covenants.

7.1 Board
Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as members of
the Board of Directors and the overall composition of the Board comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, with the Exchange Act and with the
listing rules of the Exchange or any other national securities exchange, as the case may be, in the event the Company seeks to have its
Public Securities listed on another exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system, and (ii) if applicable, at least one member
of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined
under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.

- 33 -

7.2 Prohibition
on Press Releases and Public Announcements. The Company shall not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the
Representatives prior written consent, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business Day
following the forty-fifth (45th) day after the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued in the ordinary
course of the Companys business.

7.3 Right
of First Refusal. Provided that the Firm Securities are sold in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Representative shall
have an irrevocable right of first refusal (the Right of First Refusal), for a period of twelve (12) months after the Closing
Date, to act as sole and exclusive investment banker, sole and exclusive book-runner, sole and exclusive financial advisor, sole and exclusive
underwriter and/or sole and exclusive placement agent, at the Representatives sole and exclusive discretion, for each and every future
public and private equity and debt offering, including all equity linked financings (each, a Subject Transaction), during
such twelve (12) month period, of the Company, or any successor to or subsidiary of the Company, on terms and conditions customary to
the Representative for such Subject Transactions. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Company shall not retain, engage or solicit any
additional investment banker, book-runner, financial advisor, underwriter and/or placement agent in a Subject Transaction without the
express written consent of the Representative 

The
Company shall notify the Representative of its intention to pursue a Subject Transaction, including the material terms thereof, by providing
written notice thereof by registered mail or overnight courier service addressed to the Representative. If the Representative fails to
exercise its Right of First Refusal with respect to any Subject Transaction within ten (10) Business Days after the mailing of such written
notice, then the Representative shall have no further claim or right with respect to the Subject Transaction. The Representative may elect,
in its sole and absolute discretion, not to exercise its Right of First Refusal with respect to any Subject Transaction; provided that
any such election by the Representative shall not adversely affect the Representatives Right of First Refusal with respect to any other
Subject Transaction during the twelve (12) month period agreed to above.

8. Effective
Date of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1 Effective
Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Representative have executed the same and delivered counterparts
of such signatures to the other party.

8.2 Termination.
The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or
international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in your opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt,
general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for
prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction;
or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities; or (iv) if a banking
moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been
declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material
loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss
shall have been insured, will, in your opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Securities or Option Securities;
or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) if
the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a Material Adverse Change, or such Material Adverse Change in
general market conditions as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or
delivery of the Public Securities or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

- 34 -

8.3 Expenses.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters, pursuant to Section 6.2
above, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions
thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Underwriters their actual and accountable out-of-pocket
expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable (including the fees and disbursements of Representative
Counsel) up to $80,000, inclusive of the $35,000 advance for out-of-pocket accountable expenses previously paid by the Company to the
Representative (the Advance) and upon demand the
Company shall pay the full amount thereof to the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters; provided, however, that such expense cap
in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any advance
received by the Representative will be reimbursed to the Company to the extent not actually incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A).

8.4 Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be in
any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

8.5 Representations,
Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates of
officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation
made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any Underwriter, its officers or directors
or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Public Securities.

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1 Notices.
All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed (registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by electronic mail transmission and confirmed and shall be deemed
given when so delivered and confirmed or if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 41st Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Head of Investment Banking

Email: Notices@think-equity.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Blank Rome LLP

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attn: Brad L. Shiffman

Email: Brad.shiffman@blankrome.com

- 35 -

If to the Company:

XTI Aerospace, Inc.

8123 InterPort Blvd., Suite C

Englewood, Colorado 80112

Attn: Scott Pomeroy, Chief Executive
Officer

Email: spomeroy@xtiaircraft.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP

437 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Attn: Blake Baron

Email: bjb@msk.com

9.2 Research
Analyst Independence. The Company acknowledges that each Underwriters research analysts and research departments are required
to be independent from its investment banking division and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and that such Underwriters
research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the
Company and/or the Offering that differ from the views of their investment banking division. The Company acknowledges that each Underwriter
is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, rules and regulations, may effect
transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in debt or equity securities of the
Company; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 9.2 shall relieve the Underwriter of any responsibility or liability it may otherwise
bear in connection with activities in violation of applicable securities laws, rules or regulations.

9.3 Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.4 Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.5 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary set forth herein, it is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all other terms and conditions of that certain
engagement letter between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC, dated March 26, 2025, shall remain in full force and effect.

9.6 Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Company
and the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives,
heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect
of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include
a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

- 36 -

9.7 Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that any
action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the
New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and
irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such
exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the
Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and
binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action
shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such
action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates) and each of the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waives,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.8 Execution
in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall
become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties
hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient
delivery thereof.

9.9 Waiver,
etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or
construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the
right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by
the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment
shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature Page Follows]

- 37 -

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided
below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

By: /s/ Scott Pomeroy

Name: Scott Pomeroy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Confirmed as of the date first written above mentioned, on behalf of
itself and as Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto:

THINKEQUITY LLC 

By: /s/ Eric Lord 

Name: Eric Lord 

Title: Head of Investment Banking 

[Signature Page]

XTI Aerospace,
Inc. Underwriting Agreement

SCHEDULE 1

Underwriter Total Number of

Firm

Shares/Warrants

to be Purchased Total Number of

Firm Pre-Funded

Warrants/Warrants

to be Purchased Total Number of

Option

Shares/Warrants

to be Purchased

if the Over-

Allotment 

Option is Fully

Exercised Total Number of

Option Pre-Funded

Warrants/Warrants

to be Purchased if

the Over-Allotment

Option is Fully

Exercised 

ThinkEquity LLC 765,200 2,176,000 0 0 

TOTAL 765,200 2,176,000 0 0 

Sch. 1-1

SCHEDULE 2-A

Pricing
Information

Number of Firm Shares and Firm Warrants: 765,200

Number of Firm Pre-Funded Warrants and Firm Warrants: 2,176,000

Number of Option Shares/Option Pre-Funded Warrants: 0

Public Offering Price per Share and Firm Warrant: $1.36

Public Offering Price per Pre-Funded Warrant and Firm Warrant: $1.359

Underwriting Discount per Share and Firm Warrant: $0.0952

Underwriting Discount per Pre-Funded Warrant and Firm Warrant: $0.0952

Proceeds to Company per Share and Firm Warrant (before expenses): $1.2648

Proceeds to Company per Pre-Funded Warrants and Firm Warrant: $1.2638

Sch. 2-1

SCHEDULE 2-B

Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectuses

Sch. 2-2

SCHEDULE 2-C

Written Testing-the-Waters Communications

None.

Sch. 2-3

SCHEDULE 3

List of Lock-Up Parties

All officers and directors.

Sch. 3-1

EXHIBIT A

Form of Representatives Warrant Agreement

THIS PURCHASE WARRANT IS VOID
AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, [___________________]

[DATE THAT IS FIVE YEARS FROM THE DATE OF THE UNDERWITING AGREEMENT].

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

Warrant Shares: _______ Initial Exercise Date: ______, 2025

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
____, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A), prior to at 5:00 p.m. (New
York time) on the date that is five (5) years following the Initial exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not
thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from XTI Aerospace, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up to ______
shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Warrant Shares), as subject to adjustment
hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section
2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Ex. A-1

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the
Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of a share of Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by the Company.

Section 2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly
executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two (2) Trading Days following the
date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in
Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within two (2) Business Days of receipt
of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

Ex. A-2

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $_______ 1,
subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashiers
check, at the election of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless
exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
[(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = the VWAP on
the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which Holder elects to exercise this Warrant by means of a cashless exercise,
as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of this Warrant being exercised, and the
holding period of this Warrant being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by its
transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in
such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 and, in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as
defined below), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the
Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified
by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date) provided that the Company shall not be obligated to deliver
the Warrant Shares hereunder unless the Company has received the aggregate Exercise Price on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date.
If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer agent shall have received from the Company, at the expense of the Company,
any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to deliver such Warrant Shares without legend (subject to receipt by the Company
of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder, including with respect to affiliate status) and, if applicable and requested by the
Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer agent shall have received from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the
Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the Holder to provide a confirmation as to the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable
to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless exercise of this Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale
pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be
named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised,
with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder,
if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason
to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the second Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery
Date (other than any such failure that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), provided
that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to
such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the second Trading
Day following such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

1 125% of the public offering price per share of common stock and warrant in the offering.

Ex. A-3

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall
have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time
of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased
Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer
agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will
have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the Holder shall be required to return any Warrant Shares
or Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid
to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders right to acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant
(including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant
Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to
transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure
that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise
Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date, and if after such date the Holder is
required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving
upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at
the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

Ex. A-4

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip
representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would
otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such
final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall
be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant
Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder
or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are
to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment
Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient
to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing
of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar
functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder
books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii. Signature. This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder
in order to exercise this Purchase Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise
this Purchase Warrant. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise
this Purchase Warrant. The Company shall honor exercises of this Purchase Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Purchase
Warrant in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth herein.

Ex. A-5

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon
(i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation,
any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e),
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith.
To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall
be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys
transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the
Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. 
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of
the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section
2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions
of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price of this Warrant
will not be adjusted in the event that the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase, or
sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or
other disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in
effect.

Ex. A-6

b)
[RESERVED]

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as
a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until
such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other
than cash dividends) or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way
of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options
by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial
ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be
held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such
Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised
this Warrant.

Ex. A-7

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person other than any Subsidiary of
the Company, whereby the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly,
at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Company, directly or
indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its
assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv)
the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a
Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to
receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders of Common Stock as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction for each share of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among
the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and
approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity
(or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the
exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and
power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor
Entity had been named as the Company herein.

Ex. A-8

f) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price
is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise
Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts
requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall
declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring
cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock
rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders
of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock ( a reverse stock split shall not be deemed
a reclassification), any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed a notice (unless such information is filed with the Commission, in which case
a notice shall not be required) to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, stating (x) the date on which a record is to
be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as
of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are
to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to
become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange
their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity
of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with
the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing
on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Ex. A-9

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call
transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately
following the commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except the transfer of any security:

i.
by operation of law or by reason of reorganization of the Company;

ii. to any FINRA member firm participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period;

iii.
if the aggregate amount of securities of the Company held by the Holder or related person do not exceed 1% of the securities being offered;

iv.
that is beneficially owned on a pro-rata basis by all equity owners of an investment fund, provided that no participating member manages
or otherwise directs investments by the fund, and participating members in the aggregate do not own more than 10% of the equity in the
fund; or

v.
the exercise or conversion of any security, if all securities received remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a)
for the remainder of the time period.

Subject to the foregoing
restriction, any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including,
without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue
to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance
herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

Ex. A-10

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the
Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder
or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and,
upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for
distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Registration
Rights.

5.1 Demand
Registration.

5.1.1 Grant
of Right. The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants and/or
the Warrant Shares (Majority Holders), agrees to register, on one occasion, all or any portion of the Warrant Shares
underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities). On such occasion, the Company will file a registration
statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within sixty (60) days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its
reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by
the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration
statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof and either: (i)
the Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such registration statement or (ii) if such registration statement relates
to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn
or until thirty (30) days after such offering is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at any time during a period of five
(5) years beginning on the Initial Exercise Date. The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice of its receipt of any Demand
Notice by any Holder(s) to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities within ten (10) days after the
date of the receipt of any such Demand Notice.

Ex. A-11

5.1.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.1.1, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing
required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably requested
by the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a State
in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State or submit
to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares
of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under Section
5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the Registrable Securities
covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders shall only use the
prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately cease to
use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due to a material
misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand registration
under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the date
of the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below) in accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(8)(B) and 5110(g)(8)(C).

5.2Piggy-Back Registration.

5.2.1 Grant
of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for a period
of no more than five (5) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the Registrable
Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated
by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that if, solely
in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof shall,
in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Warrant Shares which may be included in the Registration Statement
because, in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public
distribution, then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable
Securities with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of
Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number
of Registrable Securities sought to be included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable
Securities unless the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such
securities in such Registration Statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

Ex. A-12

5.2.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1 hereof, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish
the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed date of
filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by
the Company during the seven (7) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities
have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for
herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration
statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration
under this Section 5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Termination
Exercise Date.

5.3General Terms

5.3.1 Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement hereunder and
each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 (a) of the Exchange
Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect as the
provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters contained in Section 5.1 of the Underwriting Agreement
between ThinkEquity LLC, as representative of the Underwriters, and the Company, dated as of [___], 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement).
The Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall
severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys
fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become
subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or
their successors or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect
as the provisions contained in Section 5.2 of the Underwriting Agreement pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify the
Company.

5.3.2 Exercise
of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise its Warrants prior to or after
the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

5.3.3 Documents
Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to each underwriter
of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel to the Company,
dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, an opinion
dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort letter dated the
effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a letter dated the
date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm which has issued a report
on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially the same matters
with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants letter,
with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers counsel
and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall also deliver
promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to the managing
underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all memoranda relating
to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder and underwriter to do
such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the registration statement
as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall include access
to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and independent auditors,
all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

Ex. A-13

5.3.4 Underwriting
Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected by any Holders whose
Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably satisfactory to
the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such managing underwriters,
and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily contained in agreements
of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating to an underwritten
sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties and covenants of
the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such Holders shall not
be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except as they may relate
to such Holders, their Warrant Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

5.3.5 Documents
to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company a completed
and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

5.3.6 Damages.
Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the Company
otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available to the Holder(s),
be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened breach of such provisions
or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity of posting bond or other
security.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and
in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall
not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company
will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock
certificate.

Ex. A-14

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its articles
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

Ex. A-15

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement,.

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) 
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Underwriting Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

i) 
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to
purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the
Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j) 
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense
in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n) 
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

Ex. A-16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

XTI AeROSPACE, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. A-17

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

_________________________

(1) The undersigned
hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full),
and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall
take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares
as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number
of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please register
and issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited
Investor. If the Warrant is being exercised via cash exercise, the undersigned is an accredited investor as defined
in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: _______________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________

Ex. A-18

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all
of or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________
whose address is

_______________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________,
_______

Holders Signature: ___________________________

Holders Address: ____________________________

_____________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the
foregoing Warrant.

Ex. A-19

EXHIBIT B

Lock-Up Agreement

[], 2025

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 41st Floor

New York, NY 10004

As Representative of the several Underwriters
named on Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement referenced below

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands
that ThinkEquity LLC (the Representative), proposes to enter into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) with XTI Aerospace, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), providing for the public offering
(the Public Offering) of equity securities of the Company, including shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per
share, of the Company (the Shares).

To induce the Representative
to continue its efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent
of the Representative, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending 90 days after the date of
the final prospectus (the Prospectus) relating to the Public Offering (the Lock-Up Period),
(1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Shares or any
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Shares, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with
respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up Securities);
(2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities,
in cash or otherwise; (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; or (4)
publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other
arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may
transfer Lock-Up Securities without the prior written consent of the Representative in connection with (a) transactions relating to Lock-Up
Securities acquired in open market transactions after the completion of the Public Offering; provided that no filing under Section 16(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), shall be required or shall be voluntarily
made in connection with subsequent sales of Lock-Up Securities acquired in such open market transactions; (b) transfers of Lock-Up Securities
as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy or to a family member or trust for the benefit of the undersigned or a family member
(for purposes of this lock-up agreement, family member means any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote
than first cousin); (c) transfers of Lock-Up Securities to a charity or educational institution; or (d) if the undersigned, directly or
indirectly, controls a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, (i) any transfers of Lock-Up Securities
to another corporation, partnership or other business entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the undersigned
or (ii) distributions of Lock-Up Securities to members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries or affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned; or (e) if the undersigned is a trust, to a trustee or beneficiary of
the trust; provided that in the case of any transfer pursuant to the foregoing clauses (b), (c) or (d), (i) any such transfer
shall not involve a disposition for value, (ii) each transferee shall sign and deliver to the Representative a lock-up agreement substantially
in the form of this lock-up agreement and (iii) no filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act shall be required or shall be voluntarily
made. The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and
registrar against the transfer of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with this lock-up agreement.

Ex. B-1

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this lock-up agreement shall not restrict (i) the delivery of shares of Common Stock to the undersigned upon (a) the exercise or vesting
of any options or restricted stock units granted under any equity incentive plan of the Company; provided that any shares of Common Stock
acquired in connection with any such exercise will be subject to the restrictions set forth in this lock-up agreement, or (b) the exercise
of warrants or any other security convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock; provided that such shares of Common Stock
delivered to the undersigned in connection with such exercise are subject to the restrictions set forth in this lock-up agreement, (ii)
transfers of shares of Common Stock to the Company (a) as forfeitures to satisfy tax withholding and remittance obligations of the undersigned
in connection with the vesting or exercise of equity awards granted pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans, or (b) pursuant
to a net exercise or cashless exercise by the undersigned of outstanding equity awards pursuant to the Companys equity incentive
plans, and (iii) transfers in response to a bona fide third-party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction made
to or with all holders of the Companys capital stock involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company
that has been approved by the board of directors of the Company, provided that in the event that such tender offer, merger, consolidation
or other such transaction is not completed, the Lock-Up Securities shall remain subject to the restrictions contained in this lock-up
agreement. For purposes of this clause (iii), change of control means the consummation of any bona fide third-party tender
offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any person (as defined in Section
13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group of persons, other than the Company, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and
13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of more than 50% of the total voting power of the voting stock of the Company (or surviving entity), or all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company. In addition, no provision herein shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the entry
into or modification of a so-called 10b5-1 plan at any time (other than the entry into or modification of such a plan in
such a manner as to cause the sale of any Lock-Up Securities within the Lock-Up Period).

If the undersigned is an officer
or director of the Company, (i) the undersigned agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to any issuer-directed
or friends and family Shares that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering; (ii) the Representative agrees that,
at least three (3) business days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection with a
transfer of Lock-Up Securities, the Representative will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver; and (iii) the Company has
agreed in the Underwriting Agreement to announce the impending release or waiver by press release through a major news service at least
two (2) business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Representative hereunder
to any such officer or director shall only be effective two (2) business days after the publication date of such press release. The provisions
of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer of Lock-Up Securities not for consideration
and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this lock-up agreement to the extent and for the
duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such transfer.

Ex. B-2

The undersigned understands
that the Company and the Representative are relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding toward consummation of the Public Offering.
The undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs,
legal representatives, successors and assigns.

The undersigned understands
that, if the Underwriting Agreement is not executed by [], 202[], or if the Underwriting Agreement (other than the provisions
thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Shares to be sold thereunder,
then this lock-up agreement shall be void and of no further force or effect.

Whether or not the Public
Offering actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Public Offering will only be made pursuant to
an Underwriting Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Representative.

This lock-up agreement shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

Very truly yours,

(Name - Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

Address:

Ex. B-3

EXHIBIT C

Form of Press Release

[Date]

[] (the Company) announced
today that ThinkEquity LLC, acting as representative for the underwriters in the Companys recent public offering of _______
of the Companys common stock, is [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to _________ shares of the Companys
common stock held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver] [release] will take effect
on _________, 202[ ], and the shares may be sold on or after such date. 

This press release is not an offer or sale
of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is prohibited, and such securities may not
be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Ex. C-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023626901ex4-1_xtiaero.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

PRE-FUNDED COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

XTI AEROSPACE,
INC.

Warrant Shares: _______ Issue Date: March 31, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
March 31, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from XTI Aerospace, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
up to ______ shares of Common Stock (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase
price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 3(f)) which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Effectiveness Date
means, with respect to the Subsequent Registration Statement, the 45th calendar day following the date hereof (or, in the event of a full
review by the Commission, the 60th calendar day following the date hereof), provided, however, that in the event
the Company is notified by the Commission that the Subsequent Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further
review and comments, the Effectiveness Date shall be the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date on which the Company is
so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that
is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Filing Date
means, with respect to the Subsequent Registration Statement, the 10th calendar day following the date hereof.

Liens
means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Registrable Securities
means, as of any date of determination, the Warrant Shares and any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or
other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the Warrant Shares.

Registration Statement
means the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279901).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsequent Registration
Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 5(a), including the prospectus
included therein, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement or prospectus used in connection therewith, including
pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference
in any such registration statement.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
OTCQB, OTCQX or Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markets Group, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market,
the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent
means Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Underwriting Agreement
means the underwriting agreement, dated as of March 27, 2025, between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC, as amended, modified or supplemented
from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

2

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise
Date, provided that the Registration Statement or the Subsequent Registration Statement is available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares
unless an exemption from registration is available, and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed
PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise
Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United
States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.
No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of
any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date
on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased in connection with such partial exercise. The Holder
and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall
deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than
the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded
to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise
price of $0.001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The
Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance
or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination Date. The remaining
unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

3

c) Cashless
Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares for the deemed surrender of the Warrant in whole or in part equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date
of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the
opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(88) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal
securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (x) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (y) the Bid Price of the Common Stock as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on
a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof (including until two (2) hours after
the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day), or (iii) the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the
applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless
exercise.

The issue price for each
such Warrant Share to be issued pursuant to the cashless exercise of a Warrant will be equal to (B), as defined above, and the total issue
price for the aggregate number of Warrant Shares issued pursuant to the cashless exercise of a Warrant will be deemed paid and satisfied
in full by the deemed surrender to the Company of the portion of such Warrant being exercised in accordance with this Section 1(c). Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to make any cash payments or net cash settlement to the Holder in lieu
of delivery of the Warrant Shares. If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in
accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants
being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid Price
means, for any security as of the particular time of determination, the bid price for such security on the Trading Market as reported
by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or, if the Trading Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for
such security, the bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or
traded as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or if the foregoing does not apply, the bid price of such security in
the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination,
or, if no bid price is reported for such security by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, the average of the bid prices of any
market makers for such security as reported on the Pink Open Market as of such time of determination. If the Bid Price cannot be calculated
for a security as of the particular time of determination on any of the foregoing bases, the Bid Price of such security as of such time
of determination shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are
unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such fair market value shall be determined pursuant to the provisions
set forth in clause (d) of the definition of VWAP. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, share
split, share consolidation, reclassification or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted for trading on a Trading Market other than the OTCQB, OTCQX or Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markets Group, the daily volume
weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York
City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is then quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX operated by OTC Markets Group, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is then quoted for trading on the Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markets Group (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its
functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock reported on the Pink Open Market, or (d) in all other
cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders
of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall
be paid by the Company.

4

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (the DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to, or resale of, the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery of the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date) . Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the Holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered to said Holder or the Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the Fast Automated Securities Transfer, or FAST, program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

5

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due to
any action or inaction by Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue by (2) the price at
which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion
of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with
its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase
obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

6

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company shall not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

7

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any
other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons,
Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined
below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its
Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable
upon (i) exercise of the remaining, non-exercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted portion of any other securities of the
Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the
limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other
securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the
Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the
Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm
orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including
this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The
Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e),
provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions
of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the
61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any
portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make
changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common
Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split or consolidation)
outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares of the
Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall
be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant
to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive
such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination
or re-classification.

8

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of Common
Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase
Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock
acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation,
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase
Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the
grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate
in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled
to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase
Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its
right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

9

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or amalgamation or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one
or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more
of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to
which shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such
other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common
equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder
shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence
of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares
of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation or is otherwise the continuing
corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the
determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate
Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise
Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate
Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental
Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant
following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company
is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by
a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares
or other securities of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable
upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction,
and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of or other securities (but taking into account the
relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares or securities, such
number of shares or securities and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity
shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant
referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company
and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named
as the Company herein.

10

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of the Company or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger, amalgamation or arrangement to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice (unless such information is filed with the Commission, in which case a notice shall not be required) stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries (the Subsidiaries), the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this
Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any
transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. This Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Subsequent Registration Statement.

a) On
or prior to the Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission the Subsequent Registration Statement covering the
primary issuance of the Registrable Securities. Subject to the terms of this Warrant, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
the Subsequent Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof,
but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its best efforts to keep the Subsequent Registration Statement
continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by the Subsequent Registration
Statement (i) have been issued thereunder by the Company (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall file a Current
Report on Form 8-K no later than 9:00 a.m. on the Trading Day immediately following the effective date of the Subsequent Registration
Statement to announce the effectiveness of the Subsequent Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time on the
Trading Day after the effective date of the Subsequent Registration Statement, file a final prospectus with the Commission as required
by Rule 424.

b) In
connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall (i) prepare and file with the Commission such
amendments, including post-effective amendments, to the Subsequent Registration Statement and the prospectus concerning the Registrable
Securities used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep the Subsequent Registration Statement continuously effective as to
the Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period, (ii) cause the related prospectus used in connection therewith to be amended
or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement, and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, and (iii)
respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to the Subsequent Registration Statement
or any amendment thereto.

12

c) All
fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, the Subsequent Registration Statement by the Company shall be borne
by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are issued pursuant to the Subsequent Registration Statement.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.
Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to
receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event, including if the Company is for any reason
unable to issue and deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms thereof, shall the Company
be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which shall in no event include the posting of
any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company shall make and deliver
a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
shares of Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase
rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers
who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The
Company shall take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein
without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be
listed or quoted for trading. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights
represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares
in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created
by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

13

Except and to the extent
as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement dissolution, issue
or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this
Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company shall (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action
which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the
Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflict of
laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of this Warrant shall
be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the New York Courts).
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement
of any provision hereunder), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for
such Proceeding. If any party shall commence an action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, then the prevailing party
in such action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or Proceeding.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and if the Holder does
not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate Proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts
due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

14

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Company, at 8123 InterPost Blvd., Suite C, Englewood, Colorado 80112 (notices@xtiaerospace.com) or such other email address or
address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, email or sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company.
Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at
the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv)
upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) No
Expense Reimbursement. The Holder shall in no way be required to pay, or to reimburse the Company for, any fees or expenses of the
Companys transfer agent in connection with the issuance or holding or sale of the Common Stock, Warrant and/or Warrant Shares.
The Company shall solely be responsible for any and all such fees and expenses.

o) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in
full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares
as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number
of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered
to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:
Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date:

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

____________________

Name: ____________________________

(Please Print)

Address: __________________________

(Please Print)

Phone Number: _____________________

Email Address: _____________________

Dated: ,

Holders Signature: __________________

Holders Address: __________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023626901ex4-2_xtiaero.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF COMMON WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

Certificate No. [__]

Warrant Shares: _______ Issue Date: March 31, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, ______________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on March
31, 2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from XTI Aerospace, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares of Common Stock (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined
in Section 2(b).

Section 1.Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this
Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 3(f)) which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Effectiveness Date
means, with respect to the Subsequent Registration Statement, the 45th calendar day following the date hereof (or, in the event of a full
review by the Commission, the 60th calendar day following the date hereof), provided, however, that in the event
the Company is notified by the Commission that the Subsequent Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further
review and comments, the Effectiveness Date shall be the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date on which the Company is
so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that
is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Filing Date
means, with respect to the Subsequent Registration Statement, the 10th calendar day following the date hereof.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Registrable Securities
means, as of any date of determination, the Warrant Shares and any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or
other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the Warrant Shares.

Registration Statement
means the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279901).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsequent Registration
Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 5(a), including the prospectus
included therein, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement or prospectus used in connection therewith, including
pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference
in any such registration statement.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
OTCQB, OTCQX or Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markets Group, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market,
the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent
means Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Underwriting Agreement
means the underwriting agreement, dated as of March 27, 2025, between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC, as amended, modified or supplemented
from time to time in accordance with its terms.

2

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and as disclosed
in the Registration Statement.

Section 2.Exercise.

a) Exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise
Date, provided that the Registration Statement or the Subsequent Registration Statement is available for
the issuance of the Warrant Shares unless an exemption from registration is available, and on or before the Termination Date by
delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed
hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the
Holder shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise
by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section
2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise form shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to
the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder
shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable
number of Warrant Shares purchased in connection with such partial exercise. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of
Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.36, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained
therein is not available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at
any time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares for
the deemed surrender of the Warrant in whole or in part equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

3

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP of the Common Stock on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(88) of Regulation NMS
promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day; (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (x) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (y) the Bid Price of the Common Stock as of the time of the
Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours
on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof (including until two (2) hours
after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day); or (iii) the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a
cashless exercise.

The
issue price for each such Warrant Share to be issued pursuant to the cashless exercise of a Warrant will be equal to (B), as defined above,
and the total issue price for the aggregate number of Warrant Shares issued pursuant to the cashless exercise of a Warrant will be deemed
paid and satisfied in full by the deemed surrender to the Company of the portion of such Warrant being exercised in accordance with this
Section 1(c). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to make any cash payments or net
cash settlement to the Holder in lieu of delivery of the Warrant Shares. If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the
parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered
characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section
2(c).

Bid Price
means, for any security as of the particular time of determination, the bid price for such security on the Trading Market as reported
by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or, if the Trading Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for
such security, the bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or
traded as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or if the foregoing does not apply, the bid price of such security in
the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination,
or, if no bid price is reported for such security by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, the average of the bid prices of any
market makers for such security as reported on the Pink Open Market as of such time of determination. If the Bid Price cannot be calculated
for a security as of the particular time of determination on any of the foregoing bases, the Bid Price of such security as of such time
of determination shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are
unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such fair market value shall be determined pursuant to the provisions
set forth in clause (d) of the definition of VWAP. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend,
share split, share consolidation, reclassification or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

4

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted for trading on a Trading Market other than the OTCQB, OTCQX or Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markets Group, the daily volume
weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York
City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is then quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX operated by OTC Markets Group, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is then quoted for trading on the Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markets Group (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its
functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock reported on the Pink Open Market, or (d) in all other
cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders
of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall
be paid by the Company.

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement registering the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder under the Securities Act or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical
delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number
of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise
by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the
Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the Holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless
exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii)
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails
for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise
(based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading
Day on the third Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date
until such Warrant Shares are delivered to said Holder or the Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer
agent that is a participant in the Fast Automated Securities Transfer or FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and
exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number
of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of
the Notice of Exercise.

5

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due
to any action by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in
an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue by (2) the price at
which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion
of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with
its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of this Warrant to purchase Common Stock with an aggregate sale price
giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be
required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in
respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

6

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company shall not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such
issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates,
and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons,
Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined
below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its
Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable
upon (i) exercise of the remaining, non-exercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted portion of any other securities of the
Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) that exceed any limitation on conversion or exercise in
such securities that is analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or
Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it
being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this
Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties)
and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of
Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other
securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or
confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be
determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the
Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the
Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a
Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common
Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the
conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section
2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the
provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be
effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be
construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this
paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

Section 3.Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Stock (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding
Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse share split or consolidation) outstanding Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company,
then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Stock (excluding
treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately
adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section
3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend
or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a), if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all or substantially all
of the record holders of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights; provided, however,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation.

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all or substantially all holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, except to the extent an adjustment was already made pursuant
to Section 3(a), the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have
participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution; provided, however, to the
extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of
any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation.

8

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or amalgamation or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person other than any merger or amalgamation or
consolidation with or into an operating company or asset of another Person that is a business synergistic with the business of the Company
and where the valuation of such merger or consolidation or amalgamation is 20% or less (30% or less in the event of a merger or consolidation
or amalgamation with ReadyMonitor, LLC or an affiliate thereof) of the then market capitalization (based on the average of the five VWAPs
immediately prior to the public announcement of such transaction of the Company), (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any
sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series
of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power
of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation
or is otherwise the continuing corporation, and any additional consideration (together, the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.

9

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders
option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later,
the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the
Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the
date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or
any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised
portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock
are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided,
further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such
holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company
following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant
based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S.
Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction
and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1) 100% and (2) the 100 day volatility, each of clauses
(1) and (2) as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day
immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share
used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any
non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the VWAP immediately preceding the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and
(D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and
the Termination Date, and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately
available funds within five (5) Trading Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction).

The Company shall cause any
successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to
assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d)
pursuant to written agreements prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in
exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance
to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares or other securities of such Successor Entity (or its parent
entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder
to such shares of or other securities (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental
Transaction and the value of such shares or securities, such number of shares or securities and such exercise price being for the purpose
of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of
such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor
Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be
entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized
shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the date of exercise.

10

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum
of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock, rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of the
Company or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger, amalgamation or arrangement to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other
securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address
as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date
hereinafter specified, a notice (unless such information is filed with the Commission, in which case a notice
shall not be required) stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to
such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, amalgamation, arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which
it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash
or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries (the Subsidiaries), the Company
shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to
exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11

g) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of
this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors
of the Company.

Section 4.Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this
Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any
transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. This Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5.Subsequent
Registration Statement

a) On
or prior to the Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission the Subsequent Registration Statement covering the
primary issuance of the Registrable Securities. Subject to the terms of this Warrant, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
the Subsequent Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof,
but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its best efforts to keep the Subsequent Registration Statement
continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by the Subsequent Registration
Statement (i) have been issued thereunder by the Company (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall file a Current Report
on Form 8-K no later than 9:00 a.m. on the Trading Day immediately following the effective date of the Subsequent Registration Statement
to announce the effectiveness of the Subsequent Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time on the Trading Day
after the effective date of the Subsequent Registration Statement, file a final prospectus with the Commission as required by Rule 424.

12

b) In
connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall (i) prepare and file with the Commission such
amendments, including post-effective amendments, to the Subsequent Registration Statement and the prospectus concerning the Registrable
Securities used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep the Subsequent Registration Statement continuously effective as to
the Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period, (ii) cause the related prospectus used in connection therewith to be amended
or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement, and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, and (iii)
respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to the Subsequent Registration Statement
or any amendment thereto.

c) All
fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, the Subsequent Registration Statement by the Company shall be borne
by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to the Subsequent Registration Statement.

Section 6.Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section
3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv), in no event,
including if the Company is for any reason unable to issue and deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant
to the terms thereof, shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which shall in no event include the posting of
any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company shall make and deliver
a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants that,
during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company shall take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed or quoted for trading. The Company covenants that
all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other
than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

13

Except and to the extent as
waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement dissolution, issue or
sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company shall (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which
would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflict of
laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of this Warrant shall
be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the New York Courts).
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement
of any provision hereunder), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for
such Proceeding. If any party shall commence an action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, then the prevailing party
in such action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or Proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph
shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under the federal securities laws.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if such issuance is not registered, and the
Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. No provision of this Warrant shall be construed
as a waiver by the Holder of any rights which the Holder may have under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with
any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as
shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of
appellate Proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights,
powers or remedies hereunder.

14

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Company, at 8123 InterPort Blvd., Suite C, Englewood, Colorado 80112, Attention: Chief Executive Officer, email address: notices@xtiaerospace.com
or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other
communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email or sent by
a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address or address of such Holder appearing on
the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest
of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section
prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) No
Expense Reimbursement. The Holder shall no way be required the pay, or to reimburse the Company for, any fees or expenses of the Companys
transfer agent in connection with the issuance or holding or sale of the Common Stock, Warrant and/or Warrant Shares. The Company shall
solely be responsible for any and all such fees and expenses.

o) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

Name:

Title:

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary,
in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares
purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

________________________

________________________

________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: ________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________

Date: ________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to:

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: ________________________ __, ____ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023626901ex4-3_xtiaero.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF REPRESENTATIVE'S WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

Representatives Warrant Agreement

THIS PURCHASE WARRANT IS VOID
AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, MARCH 28, 2030.

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 

XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

Warrant Shares: _______ Initial Exercise Date: March 31, 2025

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
March 31, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A), prior to at 5:00 p.m.
(New York time) on the date that is five (5) years following the Initial exercise Date (the Termination Date) but
not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from XTI Aerospace, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up to
______ shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Warrant Shares), as subject to adjustment
hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section
2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the
Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of a share of Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by the Company.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) 
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly
executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two (2) Trading Days following the
date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in
Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within two (2) Business Days of receipt
of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

2

b) 
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.70, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) 
Cashless Exercise. In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashiers
check, at the election of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless
exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
[(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = the VWAP on
the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which Holder elects to exercise this Warrant by means of a cashless exercise,
as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of this Warrant being exercised, and the
holding period of this Warrant being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d) 
Mechanics of Exercise.

i. 
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by its
transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in
such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 and, in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as
defined below), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the
Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified
by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date) provided that the Company shall not be obligated to deliver
the Warrant Shares hereunder unless the Company has received the aggregate Exercise Price on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date.
If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer agent shall have received from the Company, at the expense of the Company,
any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to deliver such Warrant Shares without legend (subject to receipt by the Company
of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder, including with respect to affiliate status) and, if applicable and requested by the
Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer agent shall have received from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the
Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the Holder to provide a confirmation as to the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable
to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless exercise of this Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale
pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be
named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised,
with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder,
if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason
to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the second Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery
Date (other than any such failure that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), provided
that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date,
the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to
such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the second Trading
Day following such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

3

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall
have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time
of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased
Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer
agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will
have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the Holder shall be required to return any Warrant Shares
or Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid
to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders right to acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant
(including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant
Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to
transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure
that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise
Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date, and if after such date the Holder is
required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving
upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at
the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip
representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would
otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such
final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall
be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant
Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder
or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are
to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment
Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient
to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing
of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar
functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder
books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii. Signature. This Section 2 and the exercise form attached
hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder in order to exercise this Purchase Warrant. Without limiting
the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise this Purchase Warrant. No additional legal opinion, other
information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this Purchase Warrant. The Company shall honor exercises
of this Purchase Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Purchase Warrant in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods
set forth herein.

5

e) 
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon
(i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation,
any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e),
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith.
To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall
be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys
transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the
Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. 
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of
the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section
2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions
of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

6

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) 
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price of this Warrant
will not be adjusted in the event that the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase, or
sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or
other disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in
effect.

b) 
[RESERVED]

c) 
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as
a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until
such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) 
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other
than cash dividends) or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way
of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options
by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial
ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be
held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such
Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised
this Warrant.

7

e) 
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person other than any Subsidiary of
the Company, whereby the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly,
at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Company, directly or
indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its
assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv)
the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a
Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to
receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders of Common Stock as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction for each share of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among
the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and
approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity
(or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the
exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and
power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor
Entity had been named as the Company herein.

8

f) 
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) 
Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price
is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise
Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts
requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall
declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring
cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock
rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders
of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock ( a reverse stock split shall not be deemed
a reclassification), any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed a notice (unless such information is filed with the Commission, in which case
a notice shall not be required) to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, stating (x) the date on which a record is to
be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as
of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are
to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to
become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange
their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity
of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with
the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing
on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

9

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) 
Transferability. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call
transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately
following the commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except the transfer of any security:

i. 
by operation of law or by reason of reorganization of the Company;

ii. to any FINRA member firm participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period;

iii. 
if the aggregate amount of securities of the Company held by the Holder or related person do not exceed 1% of the securities being offered;

iv. 
that is beneficially owned on a pro-rata basis by all equity owners of an investment fund, provided that no participating member manages
or otherwise directs investments by the fund, and participating members in the aggregate do not own more than 10% of the equity in the
fund; or

v. 
the exercise or conversion of any security, if all securities received remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a)
for the remainder of the time period.

Subject to the foregoing
restriction, any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including,
without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue
to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance
herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

10

b) 
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the
Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder
or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) 
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) 
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and,
upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for
distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Registration
Rights.

5.1 Demand
Registration.

5.1.1 Grant
of Right. The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants and/or
the Warrant Shares (Majority Holders), agrees to register, on one occasion, all or any portion of the Warrant Shares
underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities). On such occasion, the Company will file a registration
statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within sixty (60) days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its
reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by
the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration
statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof and either: (i)
the Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such registration statement or (ii) if such registration statement relates
to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn
or until thirty (30) days after such offering is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at any time during a period of five
(5) years beginning on the Initial Exercise Date. The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice of its receipt of any Demand
Notice by any Holder(s) to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities within ten (10) days after the
date of the receipt of any such Demand Notice.

11

5.1.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.1.1, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing
required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably requested
by the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a State
in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State or submit
to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares
of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under Section
5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the Registrable Securities
covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders shall only use the
prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately cease to
use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due to a material
misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand registration
under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the date
of the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below) in accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(8)(B) and 5110(g)(8)(C).

5.2Piggy-Back Registration.

5.2.1 Grant
of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for a period
of no more than five (5) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the Registrable
Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated
by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that if, solely
in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof shall,
in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Warrant Shares which may be included in the Registration Statement
because, in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public
distribution, then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable
Securities with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of
Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number
of Registrable Securities sought to be included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable
Securities unless the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such
securities in such Registration Statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

12

5.2.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1 hereof, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish
the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed date of
filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by
the Company during the seven (7) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities
have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for
herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration
statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration
under this Section 5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Termination
Exercise Date.

5.3
General Terms

5.3.1 Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement hereunder and
each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 (a) of the Exchange
Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect as the
provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters contained in Section 5.1 of the Underwriting Agreement
between ThinkEquity LLC, as representative of the Underwriters, and the Company, dated as of March 28, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement).
The Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall
severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys
fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become
subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or
their successors or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect
as the provisions contained in Section 5.2 of the Underwriting Agreement pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify the
Company.

5.3.2 Exercise
of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise its Warrants prior to or after
the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

5.3.3 Documents
Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to each underwriter
of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel to the Company,
dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, an opinion
dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort letter dated the
effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a letter dated the
date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm which has issued a report
on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially the same matters
with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants letter,
with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers counsel
and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall also deliver
promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to the managing
underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all memoranda relating
to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder and underwriter to do
such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the registration statement
as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall include access
to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and independent auditors,
all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

13

5.3.4 Underwriting
Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected by any Holders whose
Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably satisfactory to
the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such managing underwriters,
and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily contained in agreements
of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating to an underwritten
sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties and covenants of
the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such Holders shall not
be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except as they may relate
to such Holders, their Warrant Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

5.3.5 Documents
to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company a completed
and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

5.3.6 Damages.
Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the Company
otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available to the Holder(s),
be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened breach of such provisions
or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity of posting bond or other
security.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) 
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b) 
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and
in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall
not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company
will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock
certificate.

c) 
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

14

d) 
Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its articles
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) 
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement,.

f) 
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

15

g) 
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Underwriting Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) 
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

i) 
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to
purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the
Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j) 
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense
in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) 
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) 
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m) 
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n) 
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

XTI AeROSPACE, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

17

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

_________________________

(1) The undersigned
hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full),
and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall
take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the
United States; or

if permitted the
cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to
exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please register
and issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited
Investor. If the Warrant is being exercised via cash exercise, the undersigned is an accredited investor as defined
in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: _______________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________

18

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all
of or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________
whose address is

_______________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________,
_______

Holders Signature: ___________________________

Holders Address: ____________________________

_____________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the
foregoing Warrant.

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023626901ex5-1_xtiaero.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF MITCHELL SILBERBERG & KNUPP LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Mitchell Silberberg &
Knupp llp

A Law Partnership Including Professional Corporations 

March 31, 2025

XTI Aerospace, Inc.

8123 InterPort Blvd., Suite C

Englewood, Colorado 80112

Re: XTI Aerospace, Inc. Securities Registered under Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to
XTI Aerospace, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), in connection with its filing of (i) a Registration Statement
on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-279901) (the Registration Statement) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act), with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission), (ii) the base prospectus,
dated as of June 18, 2024 (the Base Prospectus), included in the Registration Statement, (iii) the preliminary prospectus
supplement, dated as of March 27, 2025 (the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement), filed with the Commission on March
28, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Act, and (iv) the prospectus supplement, dated as of March 28, 2025 (the Prospectus
Supplement and together with the Base Prospectus and the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, as supplemented from time to time
by one or more prospectus supplements, the Prospectus), filed with the Commission on March 31, 2025 pursuant to Rule
424 promulgated under the Act.

The Prospectus relates to
the offering by the Company of (i) 765,200 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001
per share (Common Stock), (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-funded Warrants) to purchase up
to 2,176,000 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-funded Warrant Shares), (iii) common warrants (the Common
Warrants) to purchase up to 2,941,200 shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrant Shares), and (iv) warrants
(the Representatives Warrants and together with the Pre-funded Warrants and the Common Warrants, the Warrants)
to purchase up to 147,060 shares of Common Stock (the Representatives Warrant Shares and together with the
Pre-funded Warrant Shares and the Common Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares). The Shares and the Warrants are being
sold pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement, dated March 28, 2025, by and between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC, as the representative
of the several underwriters named therein (the Underwriting Agreement).

This opinion is being furnished
in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter
pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the
issuance of the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

We have examined such matters
of fact and questions of law as we have considered appropriate for purposes of this letter. With your consent, we have relied upon certificates
and other assurances of officers of the Company and others as to factual matters without having independently verified such factual matters.
This opinion letter is based as to matters of law solely on Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, and, with respect to our opinion
in paragraph 2 below, the internal laws of the State of New York. We express no opinion as to the effect on the matters covered by this
letter of the laws of any other jurisdiction. We express no opinion herein concerning any state securities or blue sky laws.

437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, New York 10022-7001

Phone: (212) 509-3900 Fax: (212) 509-7239 Website: www.msk.com

March 31, 2025

Page 2

In our examination of the
foregoing documents, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals,
the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies, the authenticity of the originals of such latter documents
and the legal competence of all signatories to such documents.

Based upon the foregoing,
and subject to the assumptions, exceptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion that:

1. The Shares have been duly authorized for issuance and, when delivered and paid for pursuant to the terms
of the Underwriting Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

2. The Warrants have been duly authorized for issuance, and when issued, delivered and paid for in accordance
with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Warrants will be valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the
Company in accordance with their terms.

3. The Warrant Shares have been duly authorized for issuance and when the Warrant Shares are issued and paid
for in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Pre-funded Warrants, the Common Warrants or the Representatives Warrants,
as applicable, the Warrant Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

Our opinion set forth in paragraph
2 above is subject to (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws
relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity
or at law) and (iii) an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.

Please note that we are opining
only as to the matters expressly set forth herein, and no opinion should be inferred as to any other matters. This opinion is based upon
currently existing statutes, rules, regulations and judicial decisions, as further limited above, and we disclaim any obligation to advise
you of any change in any of these sources of law or subsequent legal or factual developments which might affect any matters or opinions
set forth herein.

This opinion is rendered to
you in connection with the offering described above.

We hereby consent to the filing
of this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company being filed on the date hereof and
to the reference to our firm in the Prospectus and the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not hereby admit that we
are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp
LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023626901ex10-1_xtiaero.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Lock-Up Agreement

[], 2025

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 41st Floor

New York, NY 10004

As Representative of the several Underwriters
named on Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement referenced below

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands
that ThinkEquity LLC (the Representative), proposes to enter into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) with XTI Aerospace, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), providing for the public offering
(the Public Offering) of equity securities of the Company, including shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per
share, of the Company (the Shares).

To induce the Representative
to continue its efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent
of the Representative, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending 90 days after the date of
the final prospectus (the Prospectus) relating to the Public Offering (the Lock-Up Period),
(1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Shares or any
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Shares, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with
respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up Securities);
(2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities,
in cash or otherwise; (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; or (4)
publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other
arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may
transfer Lock-Up Securities without the prior written consent of the Representative in connection with (a) transactions relating to Lock-Up
Securities acquired in open market transactions after the completion of the Public Offering; provided that no filing under Section 16(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), shall be required or shall be voluntarily
made in connection with subsequent sales of Lock-Up Securities acquired in such open market transactions; (b) transfers of Lock-Up Securities
as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy or to a family member or trust for the benefit of the undersigned or a family member
(for purposes of this lock-up agreement, family member means any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote
than first cousin); (c) transfers of Lock-Up Securities to a charity or educational institution; or (d) if the undersigned, directly or
indirectly, controls a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, (i) any transfers of Lock-Up Securities
to another corporation, partnership or other business entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the undersigned
or (ii) distributions of Lock-Up Securities to members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries or affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned; or (e) if the undersigned is a trust, to a trustee or beneficiary of
the trust; provided that in the case of any transfer pursuant to the foregoing clauses (b), (c) or (d), (i) any such transfer
shall not involve a disposition for value, (ii) each transferee shall sign and deliver to the Representative a lock-up agreement substantially
in the form of this lock-up agreement and (iii) no filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act shall be required or shall be voluntarily
made. The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and
registrar against the transfer of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with this lock-up agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this lock-up agreement shall not restrict (i) the delivery of shares of Common Stock to the undersigned upon (a) the exercise or vesting
of any options or restricted stock units granted under any equity incentive plan of the Company; provided that any shares of Common Stock
acquired in connection with any such exercise will be subject to the restrictions set forth in this lock-up agreement, or (b) the exercise
of warrants or any other security convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock; provided that such shares of Common Stock
delivered to the undersigned in connection with such exercise are subject to the restrictions set forth in this lock-up agreement, (ii)
transfers of shares of Common Stock to the Company (a) as forfeitures to satisfy tax withholding and remittance obligations of the undersigned
in connection with the vesting or exercise of equity awards granted pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans, or (b) pursuant
to a net exercise or cashless exercise by the undersigned of outstanding equity awards pursuant to the Companys equity incentive
plans, and (iii) transfers in response to a bona fide third-party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction made
to or with all holders of the Companys capital stock involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company
that has been approved by the board of directors of the Company, provided that in the event that such tender offer, merger, consolidation
or other such transaction is not completed, the Lock-Up Securities shall remain subject to the restrictions contained in this lock-up
agreement. For purposes of this clause (iii), change of control means the consummation of any bona fide third-party tender
offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any person (as defined in Section
13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group of persons, other than the Company, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and
13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of more than 50% of the total voting power of the voting stock of the Company (or surviving entity), or all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company. In addition, no provision herein shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the entry
into or modification of a so-called 10b5-1 plan at any time (other than the entry into or modification of such a plan in
such a manner as to cause the sale of any Lock-Up Securities within the Lock-Up Period).

If the undersigned is an officer
or director of the Company, (i) the undersigned agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to any issuer-directed
or friends and family Shares that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering; (ii) the Representative agrees that,
at least three (3) business days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection with a
transfer of Lock-Up Securities, the Representative will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver; and (iii) the Company has
agreed in the Underwriting Agreement to announce the impending release or waiver by press release through a major news service at least
two (2) business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Representative hereunder
to any such officer or director shall only be effective two (2) business days after the publication date of such press release. The provisions
of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer of Lock-Up Securities not for consideration
and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this lock-up agreement to the extent and for the
duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such transfer.

The undersigned understands
that the Company and the Representative are relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding toward consummation of the Public Offering.
The undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs,
legal representatives, successors and assigns.

The undersigned understands
that, if the Underwriting Agreement is not executed by [], 202[], or if the Underwriting Agreement (other than the provisions
thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Shares to be sold thereunder,
then this lock-up agreement shall be void and of no further force or effect.

2

Whether or not the Public
Offering actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Public Offering will only be made pursuant to
an Underwriting Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Representative.

This lock-up agreement shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

Very truly yours,

(Name - Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

Address:

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023626901ex99-1_xtiaero.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED MARCH 27, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

XTI Aerospace Announces Proposed Public Offering

ENGLEWOOD, Colo., March 27, 2025 /PRNewswire/
-- XTI Aerospace, Inc. (Nasdaq: XTIA), (XTI or the Company), a pioneer
in VTOL and powered-lift aircraft solutions, today announced that it intends to offer to sell shares of its common stock (and/or
pre-funded warrants (Pre-Funded Warrants) in lieu thereof) and warrants in an underwritten public offering. All of the shares
of common stock (and/or Pre-Funded Warrants) and warrants are being offered by the Company. The offering is subject to market conditions
and there can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from
the offering primarily for general working capital and general corporate purposes, and the full repayment of the Companys outstanding
secured promissory notes.

ThinkEquity is acting as the sole book-running
manager for the offering.

The securities will be offered and sold pursuant
to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279901), including a base prospectus, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) on May 31, 2024, as amended on June 14, 2024, and declared effective on June 18, 2024. The offering
will be made only by means of a written prospectus. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus describing the
terms of the offering has been or will be filed with the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement
and the accompanying base prospectus relating to the offering may also be obtained from the offices of ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st
Floor, New York, New York 10004. Before investing in this offering, interested parties should read in their entirety the preliminary prospectus
supplement and the accompanying base prospectus and the other documents that the Company has filed with the SEC that are incorporated
by reference in such preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, which provide more information about the Company
and such offering. The final terms of the offering will be disclosed in a final prospectus supplement to be filed with the SEC.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or
jurisdiction.

About XTI Aerospace, Inc.

XTI Aerospace (XTIAerospace.com) (Nasdaq: XTIA)
is the parent company of XTI Aircraft Company, an aviation business based near Denver, Colorado, currently developing the TriFan
600, a fixed-wing business aircraft designed to have the vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) capability of a helicopter, speeds of 345
mph and a range of 700 miles, creating an entirely new category the vertical lift crossover airplane (VLCA). Additionally, the
Inpixon (inpixon.com) business unit of XTI Aerospace is a leader in real-time location systems (RTLS) technology with customers around
the world who use the Companys location intelligence solutions in factories and other industrial facilities to help optimize operations,
increase productivity, and enhance safety. For more information about XTI Aerospace, please visit XTIAerospace.com and HangerXStudios.com
(aviation innovation podcast), and follow the company on LinkedIn, Instagram, X, and YouTube.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities
Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this press release, including
without limitation, statements regarding the completion, timing and size of the offering and its anticipated use of net proceeds from
the offering are forward-looking statements.

Some of these forward-looking statements can be
identified by the use of forward-looking words, including believe, continue, could, would,
will, estimate, expect, intend, plan, target, projects,
or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar expressions. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties,
and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
All forward-looking statements are based upon estimates, forecasts, and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by XTI and its management,
are inherently uncertain, and many factors may cause the actual results to differ materially from current expectations. XTI undertakes
no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that might subsequently arise. Readers
are urged to carefully review and consider the risk factors discussed from time to time in XTIs filings with the SEC, including
those factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in its most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC
on April 16, 2024, and in subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the SEC.

Contacts:

General inquiries:

Email: contact@xtiaerospace.com

Web: https://xtiaerospace.com/contact

Investor Relations:

Crescendo Communications

Tel: +1 212-671-1020

Email: XTIA@crescendo-ir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023626901ex99-2_xtiaero.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED MARCH 28, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

XTI Aerospace Announces Pricing of Public Offering

ENGLEWOOD, Colo., March 28, 2025 /PRNewswire/
-- XTI Aerospace, Inc. (Nasdaq: XTIA), (XTI or the Company), a pioneer
in advanced aircraft design, today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 2,941,200 shares of its common stock
(or pre-funded warrants (Pre-Funded Warrants) in lieu thereof) and warrants to purchase up to 2,941,200 shares of common
stock at a combined public offering price of $1.36 per share (inclusive of the Pre-Funded Warrant exercise price) and associated warrant.
The warrants will have an exercise price of $1.36 per share and will be immediately exercisable upon issuance for a period of five years
following the date of issuance. All of the shares (or Pre-Funded Warrants) and warrants in the offering are being offered by the Company.
Total gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting the underwriting discount and other offering expenses, are expected to be approximately
$4 million. The offering is expected to close on March 31, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from
the offering primarily for general working capital and general corporate purposes, and the full repayment of the Companys outstanding
secured promissory notes.

ThinkEquity is acting as the sole book-running
manager for the offering.

The
securities will be offered and sold pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279901), including a base prospectus,
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on May 31, 2024, as
amended on June 14, 2024, and declared effective on June 18, 2024. The offering will be made only by means of a written prospectus. A
prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the offering will be filed with the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov.
Copies of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may also be obtained, when available, from
the offices of ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York, New York 10004. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or
jurisdiction.

About XTI Aerospace, Inc.

XTI Aerospace (XTIAerospace.com) (Nasdaq: XTIA)
is the parent company of XTI Aircraft Company, an aviation business based near Denver, Colorado, currently developing the TriFan
600, a fixed-wing business aircraft designed to have the vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) capability of a helicopter, speeds of up
to 345 mph and a range of approximately 700 miles, creating an entirely new category the vertical lift crossover airplane (VLCA).
Additionally, the Inpixon (inpixon.com) business unit of XTI Aerospace is a leader in real-time location systems (RTLS) technology with
customers around the world who use the Companys location intelligence solutions in factories and other industrial facilities to help
optimize operations, increase productivity, and enhance safety. For more information about XTI Aerospace, please visit XTIAerospace.com and HangerXStudios.com (an
aviation innovation podcast), and follow the Company on LinkedIn, Instagram, X, and YouTube.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities
Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this press release, including
without limitation, statements regarding the timing and completion of the offering and XTIs anticipated use of net proceeds from
the offering are forward-looking statements.

Some of these forward-looking statements can be
identified by the use of forward-looking words, including believe, continue, could, would,
will, estimate, expect, intend, plan, target, projects,
or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar expressions. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties,
and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
All forward-looking statements are based upon estimates, forecasts, and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by XTI and its management,
are inherently uncertain, and many factors may cause the actual results to differ materially from current expectations. XTI undertakes
no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that might subsequently arise. Readers
are urged to carefully review and consider the risk factors discussed from time to time in XTIs filings with the SEC, including those
factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in its most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April
16, 2024, and in subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the SEC.

Contacts:

General inquiries:

Email: contact@xtiaerospace.com

Web: https://xtiaerospace.com/contact

Investor Relations:

Crescendo Communications

Tel: +1 212-671-1020

Email: XTIA@crescendo-ir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>xtia-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>xtia-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>xtia-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36404

Entity Registrant Name XTI AEROSPACE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001529113

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-0434915

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 8123 InterPort Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite C

Entity Address, City or Town Englewood

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80112

City Area Code 800

Local Phone Number 680-7412

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol XTIA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://xtiaerospace.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0236269-8k_xtiaero.htm 
xtia-20250328.xsd 
xtia-20250328_lab.xml 
xtia-20250328_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-004468-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ea0236269-8k_xtiaero_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001529113 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001529113 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
XTI AEROSPACE, INC. 
NV 
001-36404 
88-0434915 
8123 InterPort Blvd. 
Suite C 
Englewood 
CO 
80112 
800 
680-7412 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
XTIA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>