<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001708599-25-000042.txt : 20250414
<SEC-HEADER>0001708599-25-000042.hdr.sgml : 20250414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250414162804
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001708599-25-000042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250408
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Serina Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001708599
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				821436829
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38519
		FILM NUMBER:		25836346

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 GENOME WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2001
		CITY:			HUNTSVILLE
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35806
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(256) 327-9630

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 GENOME WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2001
		CITY:			HUNTSVILLE
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35806

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AgeX Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170606
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ser-20250408.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?ser-20250408

0001708599false12/3100017085992025-04-082025-04-08

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): April 8, 2025

Serina Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-38519 82-1436829

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

601 Genome Way, Suite 2001

Huntsville, Alabama35806

(Address of principal executive offices)

(256)327-9630

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share SER NYSE American

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company o

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 1.01.Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 8, 2025, Serina Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the "Securities Purchase Agreement") with certain investors (collectively, the "Investors") for a private placement of securities (the "Private Placement"). At the closing of the Private Placement, the Company will issue an aggregate of 962,250 shares of the Company's Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 (the "Series A Preferred Stock"), at a purchase price of $5.18 per share of Series A Preferred Stock. The Company has received aggregate gross proceeds from the Private Placement of approximately $5 million.

Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, par value ($0.0001 (the "Common Stock"), at a conversion price of $5.18 per share. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be issued to the Investors, and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock will be issued, pursuant to the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act. 

The foregoing description is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Securities Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3.02.Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 above are incorporated by reference into this item 3.02.

Item 3.03.Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 above and Item 5.03 below are incorporated by reference into this item 3.03.

Item 5.03.Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On April 10, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Certificate of Designations") with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which became effective upon filing. A description of the material terms of the Series A Preferred Stock is below.

Ranking. With respect to (i) payment of dividends, (ii) distribution of assets and (iii) all other liquidation, winding up, dissolution, dividend and redemption rights, the Series A Preferred Stock shall rank pari passu in priority of payment to all Parity Stock (defined below) and senior in priority of payment to all Junior Stock (defined below) in any liquidation, dissolution, winding up or distribution of the Company, and junior to any indebtedness of the Company.

Junior Stock means (i) the Common Stock and (ii) any other equity interest of the Company, in each case which by its terms ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and/or distribution of assets.

Parity Stock means any equity interest of the Company hereinafter created which by its terms ranks pari passu with the Series A Preferred Stock.

Dividends. The Series A Preferred Stock carries an annual 8.0% cumulative dividend, which will be paid prior to and in preference over any Junior Stock or Parity Stock. On March 31st of each year (or if March 31st of such year is not a business day, the first business day following such date) such dividends will be made as a payment in kind.

Voting Rights. Per each whole share of Series A Preferred Stock, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to cast the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such holder's Series A Preferred Stock would be convertible into on the record date for the vote or consent of stockholders. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock will vote with the holders of the Common Stock as a single class and on an as-converted basis, except as provided by law.

Mandatory Conversion. All shares of Series A Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of Common Stock if (i) the volume weighted average price per share of Common Stock is greater than two times the then effective conversion price for ten trading days within any twenty consecutive trading days and (ii) upon the Company completing an underwritten offering or private placement of Common Stock resulting in gross cash proceeds to the Company of at least $20 million.

Optional Conversion. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock may convert all of their respective shares of Series C Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock at any time.

Conversion Rate. The number of shares of Common Stock that each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will receive upon conversion of such holders shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be equal to the sum of (i) the quotient of the Stated Value of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted, which is $5.18 per share divided by the Conversion Price, which is initially $5.18 and (ii) any dividends accrued, but not yet issued, with respect to such shares of Series A Preferred Stock being converted. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon the exercise of any conversion right. Any fractional shares of Common Stock that a holder would otherwise be entitled to will be rounded up to the next whole share.

Adjustments. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock will have rights to certain adjustments for stock dividends stock splits and rights in connection with certain subsequent rights offerings.

The foregoing description of the Series A Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations, which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01.Regulation FD Disclosure

On April 8, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Private Placement. A copy of the press release is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information in this Item 7.01 is being furnished, not filed, pursuant to Regulation FD. Accordingly, the information in this report will not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, unless specifically identified therein as being incorporated therein by reference. The furnishing of the information in this report is not intended to, and does not, constitute a determination or admission by the Company that, the information in this report is material or complete, or that investors should consider this information before making an investment decision with respect to any security of the Company or any of its affiliates.

Item 9.01 - Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

3.1 

Certificate of Designations, dated April 10, 2025

10.1 

Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 8, 2025

99.1 

Press Release, dated April 8, 2025, issued by Serina Therapeutics, Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Date: April 14, 2025 By: /s/ Steve Ledger

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex31_certificateofdesignat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
Document

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK OF

SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Pursuant to Section 151 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the DGCL), Serina Therapeutics, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), in accordance with the provisions of Section 103 of the DGCL, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

That the First Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (as amended, the Certificate of Incorporation), currently authorizes the issuance of up to Five Million (5,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Preferred Stock);

That, pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) is authorized to fix by resolution or resolutions the designation and number of the shares of a series of Preferred Stock and the powers, preferences and rights of such series, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof.

That, pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board adopted the following resolution designating a new series of Preferred Stock as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock:

RESOLVED, that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.2 of the Certificate of Incorporation and the provisions of Section 151 of the DGCL, a series of Preferred Stock of the Company is hereby authorized, and the number of the shares of such series and the powers, preferences and rights of such series, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such series, shall be as follows:

1.Designation and Number of Shares. The shares of such series of Preferred Stock shall be designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock). The number of authorized shares constituting the Series A Preferred Stock shall be 965,250. That number may from time to time be increased (but not above the total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock) or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding) by further resolution duly adopted by the Board, or any duly authorized committee thereof, and by the filing of a certificate pursuant to the provisions of the DGCL stating that such increase or decrease, as applicable, has been so authorized. Unless otherwise determined by the Company, all shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued will be delivered on a book- entry basis. The Company shall have the authority to issue fractional shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

2.Ranking. The Series A Preferred Stock shall rank senior to all of the Common Stock and any other capital stock of the Company with respect to the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon a Liquidation Event; however, the Series A Preferred Stock shall be of junior rank to any indebtedness by the Company, excluding equity securities and non-convertible preferred stock. The rights of the shares of Common Stock shall be of junior rank to and subject to the preferences and relative rights of the Series A Preferred Stock. Subject to the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Company shall be permitted to issue capital stock, including Preferred Stock, that is junior in rank to the Series A Preferred Stock in respect of the rights, preferences, or privileges, including without limitation the preferences as to dividends and other

distributions, as to redemption payments, and as to payments upon a Liquidation Event (such stock being referred to hereinafter collectively as Junior Stock).

3.Liquidation. In the event of a Liquidation Event, holders of Series A Preferred Stock (each, a Holder and, collectively, the Holders) shall be entitled to receive in cash out of the assets of the Company legally available therefor, whether from capital or from earnings available for distribution to its stockholders (the Liquidation Funds) upon such Liquidation Event, but before any amount shall be paid to the holders of Junior Stock, an amount in cash per share of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the greater of: (i) the Stated Value and

(ii) the value of the per share consideration paid to the holders of the Common Stock in the Liquidation Event as if the Series A Preferred Stock held by such Holder had been converted prior to the Liquidation Event; provided that, if the Liquidation Funds are insufficient to pay the full amount due to the Holders and holders of shares of other classes or series of preferred stock of the Company, if any, that are of equal rank with the Series A Preferred Stock as to payments of Liquidation Funds (such stock being referred to hereinafter collectively as Parity Stock), if any, then the Holders and the holders of any such Parity Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the Liquidation Funds in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Parity Stock were paid in full. In addition, to the extent any Liquidation Funds remain following payment of the liquidation preference on the Series A Preferred Stock and any other payments that rank senior to payments on the Common Stock, each Holder shall be entitled to its pro rata portion of the remaining Liquidation Funds payable to the holders of the Common Stock in respect of any accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock as if any such accrued but unpaid dividends had been paid out in Common Stock immediately prior to the Liquidation Event.

4.Dividends.

(a)Beginning on March 31, 2026 (the Initial Dividend Date) and annually on March 31st of each year thereafter (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the first Business Day following such date) (each a Dividend Payment Date) the Company shall pay to the Holders of record as they appear on the books of the Company on such Dividend Payment Date of such year (even if such day is not a Business Day) (the Dividend Record Date): dividends per share of Series A Preferred Stock held on the applicable Dividend Record Date in arrears for the prior twelve-month period (except for the Dividend to be paid on the Initial Dividend Date, which shall be paid in arrears for the period from the Initial Closing Date through the Initial Dividend Date), payable in the form of the number of shares of Common Stock (collectively, the PIK Shares) equal to the Stated Value of each such share of Series A Preferred Stock multiplied by the Dividend Rate and divided by $5.18 as adjusted from time to time to give effect to Section 9(e) (the Dividend Price), which shall accrue in four (4) equal quarterly installments on the first day of each Calendar Quarter beginning on April 1, 2025 (the Dividends).

(b)The Dividends will be satisfied solely by delivery of shares of Common Stock. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the payment of Dividends, but rather the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. To the extent not previously paid, Dividends shall be accelerated and paid in connection with the consummation of a conversion, redemption or Fundamental Transaction with respect to all shares of Series A Preferred Stock subject to such conversion, redemption or Fundamental Transaction.

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the issuance by the Company of PIK Shares pursuant to any Holders right to participate in a Dividend would result in the Company exceeding the Exchange Cap prior to the receipt of Stockholder Approval (as defined below), then such Holder shall

2

not be entitled to participate in any such Dividend to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any PIK Shares as a result of such dividend to such extent) and the portion of such PIK Shares that would cause the Company to exceed the Exchange Cap shall be held by the Company in abeyance for the benefit of such Holder (which shall not give the Holder any power to vote or dispose of such PIK Shares) until such time, if ever, as such Holders beneficial ownership thereof would not result in such Holder exceeding the Exchange Cap.

(d)To the extent any required Dividends are not paid on the applicable Dividend Date, the amount of any such unpaid Dividends shall be deemed to have accrued over the applicable twelve-month period (except for the Dividend to be paid on the Initial Dividend Date, which shall be paid in arrears for the period from the Initial Closing Date through the Initial Dividend Date). Such accrual of Dividends shall be cumulative and shall continue to accrue whether or not declared and whether or not in any relevant period there shall be net profits or surplus available for the payment of Dividends in such period, so that if in any period or periods, Dividends in whole or in part are not paid upon the Series A Preferred Stock for any reason, unpaid Dividends shall accumulate thereon on each applicable Dividend Date for which Dividends are not paid up to but excluding the day on which the Company delivers payment for all Dividends that are then in arrears or until the conversion or redemption of the applicable shares of Series A Preferred Stock or a Fundamental Transaction.

5.Holders Conversion Right. Each Holder shall have the right, at such Holders option, subject to the conversion procedures set forth in Section 7 and the limitation on conversion set forth in Section 8, to convert any or all of its shares of Series A Preferred Stock at any time into the number of fully paid, validly issued and nonassessable shares of Common Stock equal to the sum of (i) the quotient of the Stated Value of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted divided by the Conversion Price (as defined below) and (ii) any PIK Shares accrued, but not yet issued, with respect to such shares of Series A Preferred Stock being converted. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the conversion of any Series A Preferred Stock, but rather the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. The Conversion Price shall initially be $5.18and from time to time in effect shall be subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided.

6.Mandatory Conversion.

(a)All issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of Common Stock as follows: (i) if, at any time after the applicable Issuance Date, the VWAP per share of the Companys Common Stock is greater than two times (2x) the then-effective Conversion Price per share for at least ten (10) Trading Days in any period of twenty (20) consecutive Trading Days (such twenty (20) consecutive Trading Day period, the Trading Period) or (ii) if the Company completes an underwritten offering or private placement of the Companys Common Stock resulting in gross cash proceeds, prior to the payment of underwriting discounts or other fees and expenses of the offering, of at least Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000) (a Qualified Offering) in which the price per share of Common Stock equal to or greater than the then-effective Conversion Price.

(b)Notice of Mandatory Conversion. The Company shall, within ten (10) Business Days following the completion of the applicable Trading Period referred to in Section 6(a) above, provide notice of the Mandatory Conversion to each Holder (such notice, a Notice of Mandatory Conversion). For the avoidance of doubt, a Notice of Mandatory Conversion does not limit a Holders right to convert on a Conversion Date prior to the Mandatory Conversion Date (as defined below). The Company shall select a date for the conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 6, which 

date shall be no less than ten (10) Business Days and no more than twenty (20) Business Days after the date on which the Company provides the Notice of Mandatory Conversion to the Holders (the

4

Mandatory Conversion Date). The Notice of Mandatory Conversion shall state, as appropriate: (i) the Mandatory Conversion Date selected by the Company; and (ii) the Conversion Price as expected to be in effect on the Mandatory Conversion Date, the number of shares Series A Preferred Stock to be converted from such Holder and the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to such Holder upon conversion of each such share of Series A Preferred Stock, plus the amount of any shares of Common Stock to be issued in respect of accrued and unpaid Dividends.

(c)Promptly following the Mandatory Conversion Date, the Company shall deliver to each Holder notices of uncertificated shares free of restrictive legends representing (i) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Holders Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6(a); and

(ii) any PIK Shares issuable to such Holder upon Mandatory Conversion pursuant to Section 4(b) as of the Mandatory Conversion Date.

(d)If a Mandatory Conversion consummated in full would violate the limitation on conversion set forth in Section 8, such Holder shall continue to be a holder of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to all the rights of a holder of Series A Preferred Stock with respect to such Series A Preferred Stock. With respect to any Mandatory Conversion pursuant to this Section 6(d), the Company must simultaneously take the same action in the same proportion with respect to all shares of Series A Preferred Stock, to the extent practicable or, if the pro rata basis is not practicable for any reason, by lot or such other equitable method as the Company determines in good faith. At each Mandatory Conversion Date, each share of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted pursuant to such Mandatory Conversion shall automatically be converted into fully paid, validly issued and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as of the applicable Mandatory Conversion Date without any further act or deed on the part of the Company, any Holder or any other Person.

7.Conversion Procedures and Effect of Conversion.

(a)Mechanics of Conversion. The conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Common Stock shall be conducted in the following manner:

(i)in the case of a conversion pursuant to Section 5, the Holder shall complete and manually sign the conversion notice substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto (the Conversion Notice), and deliver such notice to the Company; provided that a Conversion Notice may be conditioned upon the completion of a corporate transaction;

(ii)if requested by the Company, the Holder shall furnish appropriate and as required endorsements and transfer documents; and

(iii)if requested by the Company, the Holder shall pay any stock transfer, documentary, stamp or similar taxes not payable by the Company pursuant to Section 7(d).

The foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii) shall be conditions to the issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Holders in the event of a Mandatory Conversion pursuant to Section 6 (but, for the avoidance of doubt, failure on the part of the Holder to fulfill such conditions shall not impact the effectiveness of the Mandatory Conversion on the Mandatory Conversion Date).

The Conversion Date means (A) with respect to conversion of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the option of any Holder pursuant to Section 5, the date on which such Holder complies with the procedures in this Section 7(a) (including the satisfaction of any conditions to conversion set forth in the Conversion Notice) and (B) with respect to Mandatory Conversion pursuant to Section 6(a), the Mandatory Conversion Date.

In connection with a conversion, any shares of Common Stock issued will, unless otherwise determined by the Company, be delivered to the Holder on a book-entry basis and shall be delivered promptly after the applicable Conversion Date.

(b)Effect of Conversion. Effective immediately prior to the close of business on the Conversion Date applicable to any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Dividends shall no longer be declared or, as applicable, accrue on any such shares of Series A Preferred Stock, and such shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall cease to be outstanding.

(c)Record Holder. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on the applicable Conversion Date.

(d)Taxes. (i) The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp and similar taxes owed by it that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon conversion of any Series A Preferred Stock. However, the Company shall not be required to pay any such tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, shares of Common Stock or other securities to a beneficial owner other than the beneficial owner of the Series A Preferred Stock immediately prior to such conversion, and shall not be required to make any such issuance, delivery or payment unless and until the Person otherwise entitled to such issuance, delivery or payment has paid to the Company the amount of any such tax or has established, to the satisfaction of the Company, that such tax has been paid or is not payable. (ii) All payments and distributions (or deemed distributions) on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (and on the shares of Common Stock received upon their conversion) shall be subject to withholding and backup withholding of taxes to the extent required by law, subject to applicable exemptions, and amounts withheld, if any, shall be treated as received by the Holders.

8.Common Stock Issuance Cap. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Certificate of Designations, the Company shall not be permitted to issue any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations, and the Holders shall not have the right to receive any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations, to the extent the issuance of such shares of Common Stock would exceed the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that is equal to 19.9% of the amount of Common Stock of the Company outstanding immediately preceding the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement, which is the maximum amount of shares that the Company may issue pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations without breaching the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market (the Exchange Cap), except that such limitation shall not apply in the event that the Company obtains the approval of its stockholders as provided by the applicable rules of the Principal Market for issuances of Common Stock in excess of such amount (the Stockholder Approval). Furthermore, in the event the Exchange Cap applies, until such Stockholder Approval is obtained, each initial purchaser of the Series A Preferred Stock party to the Securities Purchase Agreement (Initial Holder) may only convert the shares of Series A Preferred Stock received by the Initial Holder into a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of the Exchange Cap multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued to such Initial Holder, and the denominator of which is the number of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, rounded down to the nearest whole share (with respect to each such Holder, the Exchange Cap Allocation). If any Initial Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such Initial Holders Series A Preferred Stock, the transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such Initial Holders Exchange Cap Allocation with respect to such portion of the Series A Preferred Stock sold or otherwise transferred, and the restrictions of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with respect to the portion of the Exchange Cap Allocation allocated to such transferee. Within sixty (60) days of the Exchange Cap applying such that one or more Holders are limited with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations, the Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to call a meeting of its stockholders, which meeting shall be held within ninety (90) days of the Initial Closing Date, for the holders of Common Stock to vote on the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Dividends payable in respect thereof in excess of the Exchange Cap in

accordance with applicable law and the rules and regulations of the Principal Market (the Stockholder Meeting).

9.Adjustments to Conversion Price. The Conversion Price will be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section 9.

(a)Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Qualified Offering below Conversion Price. If, on or after the Initial Closing Date, the Company consummates a Qualified Offering for a consideration per share (the Qualified Offering Price) less than the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale (the foregoing, a Dilutive Issuance), then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance shall automatically be reduced to an amount equal to the Qualified Offering Price, and then all issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of Common Stock at the new Conversion Price equal to the Qualified Offering Price, pursuant to the mandatory conversion mechanics in Sections 6(b),

(c) and (d).

(b)Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend (other than this issuance of PIK Shares), recapitalization or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock, or any series thereof, into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price and the Dividend Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. If the Company combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock, or any series thereof, into a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price and the Dividend Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. Any adjustment under this Section 9(b) shall become effective at the time that the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

(c)Notice of Adjustment. Promptly upon any adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 9, the Company shall give written notice thereof to each Holder, setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of such adjustment.

10.Reservation of Shares.

(a)Reservation. The Company shall at all times reserve out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, including the payment of PIK Shares (assuming for purposes hereof that (i) the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible at the initial Conversion Price and (ii) dividends on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are paid in the form of PIK Shares for a period of three years after the Initial Closing Date, and without taking into account any limitations on the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock set forth herein). So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall take all action necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, at least the number of shares of Common Stock specified above in this Section 10(a) as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of all of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding, based upon the then- effective Conversion Price (the Required Reserve Amount).

(b)Insufficient Authorized Shares. If at any time while any of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve for issuance upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share Failure), then the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly increase the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for the shares of Series A Preferred Stock

6

then outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than one year after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting of its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company shall provide each stockholder with a proxy statement and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause the Board to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such proposal.

11.Voting Rights. Each Holder shall be entitled to the whole number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Holders Series A Preferred Stock would be convertible on the record date for the vote or consent of stockholders at a conversion price of $5.18per share of Common Stock rounded to the nearest whole share (subject to the limitation on conversion set forth in Section 8), and shall otherwise have voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the Common Stock to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the election of the Companys directors. Each Holder shall be entitled to receive the same prior notice of any stockholders meeting as is provided to the holders of Common Stock in accordance with the bylaws of the Company, as well as prior notice of all stockholder actions to be taken by legally available means in lieu of a meeting, and shall vote as a class with the holders of Common Stock as if they were a single class of securities upon any matter submitted to a vote of stockholders, except those matters required by Section 242 of the DGCL or by the terms hereof to be submitted to a class vote of the Holders, in which case the Holders only shall vote as a separate class. The Series A Preferred Stock, when voting along with the Common Stock, shall be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum.

12.Equal Treatment of Holders. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any of the Holders to amend or waive or modify any provision of the Series A Preferred Stock unless the same consideration (other than the reimbursement of legal fees) is also offered to all of the Holders. This provision constitutes a separate right granted to each of the Holders by the Company and shall not in any way be construed as the Holders acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of securities or otherwise.

13.Protective Provisions.

(a)At any time when shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, and shall not allow any subsidiary to, either directly or indirectly by amendment, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reclassification, or otherwise, do any of the following without (in addition to any other vote required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation) the written consent or affirmative vote of the Requisite Holders given in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting or voting (as the case may be) separately as a class, and any such act or transaction entered into without such consent or vote shall be null and void ab initio, and of no force or effect: (a) amend, alter or change the powers, privileges or preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock, (b) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, this Certificate of Designations or bylaws of the Company in a manner that adversely affects the powers, preferences or rights of the Series A Preferred Stock but does not so affect the other shares of capital stock of the Company, or (c) (i) reclassify, alter or amend any existing security of the Company that is pari passu with or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, if such reclassification, alteration or amendment would render such other security senior to or pari passu with, respectively, the Series A Preferred Stock or (ii) reclassify, alter or amend any existing security of the Company that is pari passu with or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, if such reclassification, alteration or amendment would render such other security senior to or pari passu with, respectively, the Series A Preferred Stock.

(b)For the avoidance of doubt, the consent rights in Section 13(a) shall not apply with respect to any such actions taken upon (or immediately prior to) a Fundamental Transaction, provided that the effectiveness of any such action shall be conditioned upon the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction and compliance with the other provisions of this Certificate of Designations applicable in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. Any amendment or waiver to this Certificate of Designations made in conformity with the provisions of this Section 13 shall be binding on all Holders. No such amendment or waiver shall be effective to the extent that it applies to less than all of the Holders. No vote of any class of stock other than the Series A Preferred Stock shall be required to change, amend or waive any provision of the Certificate of Designations with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock except as required by law or by another provision of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation.

14.General Provisions.

(a)In addition to the above provisions with respect to Series A Preferred Stock, such Series A Preferred Stock shall be subject to and be entitled to the benefit of the provisions set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company with respect to preferred stock of the Company generally; provided, however, that in the event of any conflict between such provisions, the provisions set forth in this Certificate of Designations shall control.

(b)Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock that are converted or repurchased in full shall automatically be deemed cancelled.

(c)Whenever notice is required to be given under this Certificate of Designations, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(d)Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Certificate of Designations, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America via wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by such Holder. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Certificate of Designations is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day without interest or penalty.

16.Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. This Certificate of Designations shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Certificate of Designations shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware.

17.Series A Preferred Stock Register. The Company shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company or its Transfer Agent as the Company may designate by notice to the Holders), a register (which may be in electronic form) for the Series A Preferred Stock, in which the Company shall record the name and address of the persons in whose name the shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been issued, as well as the name and address of each transferee. The Company may treat the person in whose name any share of Series A Preferred Stock is registered on the register as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, but in all events recognizing any properly made transfers.

18.Stockholder Matters. Any stockholder approval required, desired or otherwise sought by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the DGCL, this Certificate of Designations, the Certificate of Incorporation, the bylaws of the Company, or otherwise with respect to the 

8

issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock or the Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof may be effected at a duly called meeting of the Companys stockholders, all in accordance with the applicable rules and

regulations of the Principal Market, the DGCL, this Certificate of Designation, the Certificate of Incorporation, and the bylaws of the Company.

19.Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Certificate of Designations the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided,however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(b)Calendar Quarter means each of: (i) the period beginning on and including January 1 and ending on and including March 31; (ii) the period beginning on and including April 1 and ending on and including June 30; (iii) the period beginning on and including July 1 and ending on and including September 30; and (iv) the period beginning on and including October 1 and ending on and including December 31.

(c)Closing Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(d)Common Stock means (i) the Companys shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share and (ii) any capital stock into which such Common Stock shall be changed or any capital stock resulting from a reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of such Common Stock.

(e)Dividend Rate means, 8.0% per annum.

(f)Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(g)Fundamental Transaction means any transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the Company effects (i) any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person where the Company is not the surviving entity, (ii) any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions, or (iii) any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property.

(h)Initial Closing Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(i)Issuance Date means, with respect to any share of Series A Preferred Stock, the date of issuance of such share.

(j)Liquidation Event means the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, in a single transaction or series of transactions.

(k)Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership (limited or general), a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and a government or any department or agency thereof.

(l)Principal Market means the NYSE American Exchange or such other recognized securities exchange on which the Common Stock may be listed.

(m)Requisite Holders means the Holders representing at least a majority of the aggregate shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding.

(n)SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(o)Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(p)Securities Purchase Agreement means that certain securities purchase agreement, dated on or about the date of filing of this Certificate of Designations, by and among the Company and the Initial Holders pursuant to which the Company will issue the Series A Preferred Stock, as may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

(q)Stated Value means, per share of Series A Preferred Stock, $5.18 subject to adjustment to preserve such value for stock splits, stock dividends (not including PIK Shares), recapitalizations, reorganizations, reclassifications, combinations, reverse stock splits or other similar events relating to the Series A Preferred Stock.

(r)Successor Entity means one or more Person or Persons formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or one or more Person or Persons with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been entered into.

(s)Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock on such day, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded.

(t)Transfer Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, or such other agent or agents of the Company as may be designated by the Board as the transfer agent for the Preferred Stock and/or the Common Stock, as applicable.

* * * * *

5 The price per share will be inserted prior to release of signature pages equal to the higher of (i) the most recent closing price or (ii) $5.00 per share.

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate of Designations to be signed as of April 8, 2025.

SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Greg Curhan 

Name: Curhan

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Exhibit A

FORM OF CONVERSION NOTICE

Reference is made to the Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights (the Certificate of Designations) of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock), of Serina Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). In accordance with and pursuant to the Certificate of Designations, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock indicated below into shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company, [as of the date specified below] [upon] [immediately prior to, and subject to the occurrence of, []].

Date of Conversion (if applicable): 

Number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted: 

Tax ID Number (if applicable): 

Please confirm the following information:

Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 

Please issue the shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are being converted in the following name and to the following address:

Issue to: 

Address: 

Telephone Number: 

Email: 

Authorization: 

By: 

Title: 

Dated: 

Account Number (if electronic book entry transfer): 

[Exhibit A to Certificate of Designations]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex101_pipesecuritiespurcha.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

EXECUTION VERSION

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Agreement (together with all exhibits and schedules hereto, this Agreement) is entered into as of April 8, 2025, by and between Serina Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the investors listed on Exhibit A attached hereto (the Investor Schedule) (the Investors and, each, an Investor). The Company and the Investors may be referred to herein individually as a Party, or, collectively, as the Parties.

RECITALS

A.The Company and, as applicable, each Investor will execute and deliver this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D (Regulation D) as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act;

B.The Company has authorized (i) filing a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Certificate of Designation), creating a new series of convertible preferred stock of the Company designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, the terms of which are set forth in the Certificate of Designations (the Series A Preferred Stock), with the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock being entitled to, among other things, receive shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), as dividends in accordance with the Certificate of Designations (the PIK Shares), and such Series A Preferred Stock being convertible into Common Stock (as converted, collectively, the Conversion Shares), in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations; and

(ii) the issuance and sale to the Investors pursuant to this Agreement of up to 965,250 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the Offered Shares), at a price of $5.18 and

C.Each Investor wishes to purchase, and the Company wishes to sell at the applicable Closing (as defined below), upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock set forth on Exhibit A opposite such Investor's name.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual benefits and burdens of the Parties contained in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

PURCHASE AND SALE OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the applicable Closing Date (as defined below) the Company shall issue and sell to each Investor, and each Investor severally, and not jointly, shall purchase from the Company, the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock each as set forth opposite each such Investors name in the Investor Schedule. Each Investor shall pay the Purchase Price (as defined below) for each Offered Share to be purchased by such Investor at the applicable Closing (the OfferedShares) as set forth on the applicable Investor Schedule. The aggregate purchase price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be the product of (i) $5.18 and (ii) the aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock purchased by the applicable Investor at the applicable Closing (the Purchase Price). 

ARTICLE 2 CLOSING

Section 2.1

(a)The purchase, sale, and issuance of the Offered Shares pursuant to this Agreement shall take place at one or more closings (each a Closing, and the applicable date of such closing, the ClosingDate, with the date of the initial closing, the Initial Closing Date).

(b)On or before the applicable Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Investor the following:

(i)this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)an Officers Certificate, dated as of the Initial Closing Date, (i) attaching and certifying on behalf of the Company complete and correct copies of the resolutions authorizing the execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and (ii) certifying on behalf of the Company the incumbency of each officer of the Company executing this Agreement or any document delivered in connection with the Closing; and

(iii)the Companys wire instructions.

(c)On or before the applicable Closing Date for each Investor, such Investor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)this Agreement duly executed by the Investor; and

(ii)the Purchase Price with respect to such Investor, calculated in accordance

with Article 1.

(d)The obligations of the Company to sell and issue the Offered Shares to each Investor on the applicable Closing Date is subject to the fulfillment, to the Company's reasonable satisfaction, on or before the applicable Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

(i)the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) when made and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Investor contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Investor required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii)the delivery by the Investor of the items set forth in Section 2.1(c) of this

Agreement.

2

(e)The obligations of each Investor to purchase the Offered Shares from the Company at the applicable Closing is subject to the fulfillment, to such Investors reasonable satisfaction, on or before the applicable Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

(i)the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) when made and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii)the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.1(b) of this

Agreement.

Section 2.2 Registration. On or before April 17, 2025, the Company shall file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (or, if Form S-3 is then available to the Company, on such form of registration statement as is then available) (either (i) or (ii), a Registration Statement), registering the resale of the Conversion Shares and the number of PIK Shares to be issued for a period of three years after the Initial Closing Date (collectively, the Shares). The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective within 30 calendar days of filing (or within 60 calendar days of filing in the event of a limited review by the Commission or within 90 calendar days of filing in the event of a full review by the Commission) and to keep such registration statement effective at all times any Investor owns any of the Offered Shares or the Shares.

Section 2.3 SEC Filings. The Company agrees to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), except in the event that the Company consummates: (a) any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates) acquires securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company; (b) a merger or reorganization of the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, where the consummation of such transaction results in the Company no longer being subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

ARTICLE 3

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company hereby represents and warrants to each Investor as follows:

Section 3.1 Organization and Authority. The Company is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under, and by virtue of, the laws of the State of Delaware and is in good standing under such laws. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement, and to sell the Offered Shares and the Shares and carry out and perform its other obligations under the terms of this Agreement.

Section 3.2 Authorization. All corporate action on the part of the Company and its directors, officers and stockholders necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of all obligations of the Company under this Agreement and any related Transaction Document (as defined in

3

Section 5.7) for the authorization, issuance and delivery of the Offered Shares, and for the authorization, issuance and delivery of the Shares, has been taken. This Agreement and related Transaction Documents constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company and are enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, and except that the availability of the remedy of specific performance or other equitable relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

Section 3.3 Validity of Stock. Except as otherwise described in this agreement, the Offered Shares, when issued, sold and delivered in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, will be free of any liens or encumbrances, and will not be subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal, redemption rights or other restrictions on transfer, other than as provided herein. Assuming the accuracy of the statements made by each Investor in Article 4 of this Agreement, the Offered Shares and the Shares will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

Section 3.4 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other deliverables, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the provisions hereof and thereof, by the Company will not (a) violate any provision of law, statute, rule or regulation, or any ruling, writ, injunction, order, judgment or decree of any court, administrative agency or other governmental body applicable to the Company or any of its properties or assets or (b) with due notice or lapse of time, or both, violate, conflict with or result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default (or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration) under, or result in the creation of any encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of the Company under, its governing documents or any note, indenture, mortgage, lease agreement or other contract, agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound or affected.

Section 3.5 Company Disclosures. The Company has filed or furnished all reports, schedules, forms, certifications, prospectuses, and registration, proxy statements and other documents required to be filed or furnished by it, including all amendments thereto, with the Commission since March 26, 2024 (collectively and together with all documents filed or publicly furnished on a voluntary basis, and in each case including all exhibits and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, but excluding any disclosures set forth in any risk factor section, any forward-looking disclosure in any section relating to forward-looking statements or any other statements that are non-specific, cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature, other than historical facts included therein, the SEC Documents). The SEC Documents, as of their respective effective dates (in the case of the SEC Documents that are Registration Statements filed pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act) and as of their respective SEC filing dates (in the case of all other SEC Documents), or, if amended, as finally amended, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as the case may be. There are no outstanding or unresolved comments received from the Commission staff with respect to the SEC Documents. The Company is not aware as of the date of execution of this Agreement of any information that would require the filing of a Current Report on Form 8- K by the Company in the four (4) business days following the date of this Agreement that has not been so filed as of the date of this Agreement (other than any Current Report on Form 8-K that would disclose this Agreement and the transactions related hereto). The SEC Documents do not contain any material misstatements or omissions.

Section 3.6 Absence of Changes. Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, since the date of the most recent balance sheet of the Company included in the SEC Documents, there has been no event or circumstance that has, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,

4

a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company as a whole, excluding any events or circumstances of general application to businesses in the Companys industry that do not materially disproportionately impact the Company.

Section 3.7 Litigation. There is no action pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, in writing against the Company or its Affiliates which, if adversely determined, would prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

ARTICLE 4

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF EACH INVESTOR

Each Investor, severally and not jointly, hereby represents and warrants to the Company that:

Section 4.1 Organization and Authority. If such Investor is an entity, such Investor is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, as applicable, and that such Investor has the requisite corporate or entity power and authority to enter into this Agreement, and to purchase the Offered Shares and the Shares and carry out and perform its other obligations under the terms of this Agreement.

Section 4.2 Authorization. Such Investor has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement. This Agreement, when executed and delivered by such Investor, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of such Investor, enforceable against such Investor in accordance with their terms, except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and any other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

Section 4.3 Purchase Entirely for Own Account. This Agreement is made with such Investor in reliance upon such Investors representation to the Company, which by such Investors execution of this Agreement, such Investor hereby confirms, that the Offered Shares and the Shares to be acquired by such Investor will be acquired for investment for such Investors own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that such Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. By executing this Agreement, such Investor further represents that such Investor does not presently have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such person or to any third person, with respect to any of the Offered Shares and the Shares. If such Investor is an entity, such Investor has not been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Offered Shares and the Shares.

Section 4.4 Accredited Investor. Such Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Section 4.5 Foreign Investors. If such Investor is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), such Investor hereby represents that it has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Offered Shares or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Offered Shares and the receipt of the Shares, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase or receipt, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale, or transfer of the Offered Shares and the Shares. Such Investors subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Offered Shares and the Shares will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of such Investors jurisdiction.

5

Section 4.6 Litigation. There is no action pending or, to the knowledge of such Investor, threatened, in writing against such Investor or its Affiliates which, if adversely determined, would prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 4.7 Sophistication. Such Investor (either alone or together with its advisors) has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters and in investments of this type that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement. Such Investor has had the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of such transaction as it has requested. Such Investor has received all information that it believes is necessary or appropriate in connection with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement. Such Investor acknowledges that it has not relied upon any express or implied representations or warranties of any nature made by or on behalf of the Company, whether or not any such representations, warranties or statements were made in writing or orally, except as expressly set forth for the benefit of such Investor in this Agreement.

ARTICLE 5 MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Delaware.

Section 5.2 Survival. The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made herein shall survive any investigation made by any Investor and the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 5.3 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators of each Investor.

Section 5.4 Entire Agreement; Amendment; Non-Reliance. This Agreement and the other documents delivered pursuant hereto constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement among the Parties with regard to the subjects hereof and thereof. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only by a written instrument signed by the parties to this Agreement. Each Investor acknowledges and agrees that the neither the Company nor any director, officer, or agent thereof has made or is making any representations or warranties whatsoever regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, express or implied, except as provided in Article 3, and that such Investor is not relying and has not relied on any representations or warranties whatsoever regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, express or implied, except for the representations and warranties set forth in Article 3. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Investor has not made or is making any representations or warranties whatsoever regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, express or implied, except as provided in Article 4, and that the Company is not relying and has not relied on any representations or warranties whatsoever regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, express or implied, except for the representations and warranties set forth in Article 4.

Section 5.5 Notices. For a notice under this Agreement to be valid, (i) the notice must be in writing and signed by the sending Party, (ii) the sending Party must use one of the following methods of delivery: (A) personal delivery; (B) registered or certified mail, in each case, return receipt requested and postage prepaid; (C) nationally or internationally recognized overnight courier, with all fees prepaid, or

(D) electronic transmission including electronic mail, and (iii) the notice must be addressed to the receiving Party at the addresses listed below for the receiving Party or to any other address designated by the receiving Party in a notice in accordance with this Section 5.5.

6

If to an Investor, addressed to the address set forth beside such Investors name on Exhibit A or at such other address as such Investor shall have furnished to the Company in writing,

or if to the Company, addressed as follows:

Serina Therapeutics, Inc.

with a copy to:

Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP 200 Clinton Avenue West, Suite 900

Huntsville, Alabama 35801 Attn: Scott Ludwig

or at such other address as the Company shall have furnished to the Investors and each such other holder in writing.

Section 5.6 No Finders Fees. Each party represents that it neither is nor will be obligated for any finders fee or commission in connection with this transaction. Each Investor agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and to hold harmless the Company from any liability for any commission or compensation in the nature of a finders or brokers fee arising out of this transaction (and the costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which such Investor or any of its officers, employees or representatives is responsible. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor from any liability for any commission or compensation in the nature of a finders or brokers fee arising out of this transaction (and the costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which the Company or any of its officers, employees or representatives is responsible.

Section 5.7 Construction of Certain Terms. The titles of the sections and subsections of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construing this Agreement. Wherever the words including, include or includes are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed followed by the words without limitation. References to any gender shall be deemed to mean any gender. As used in this Agreement, Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company, association or other entity, and Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any Person which, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, including, without limitation, any general partner, managing member, officer, director or similar type position of such Person. As used in this Agreement, Transaction Documents means all of the schedules, exhibits, certificates, agreements and other documents contemplated thereby and delivered in connection herewith.

Section 5.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement or any Transaction Document by electronic mail or other electronic delivery (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by .PDF, DocuSign, email or other electronic transmission) will be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and will be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person.

Section 5.9 Fees and Expenses. Each party shall bear its own legal, accounting and other fees and expenses incurred in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein.

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON FOLLOWING PAGES]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Greg Curhan Name: Greg Curhan

Its: Chief Financial Officer

Company Signature Page to Agreement

INVESTOR SIGNATURE PAGE

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Investor has executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

FOR ENTITIES:

COMPANY NAME:

By: 

Name:

Its:

FOR INDIVIDUALS:

Name:

Investor Signature Page to Agreement

Exhibit A

Schedule of Investors

Exhibit B

Certificate of Designations

See attached.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ser-20250408xex991pronpipe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 99.1

Serina Therapeutics Secures $5 Million in Funding to Support Advancement of SER-252 into Clinical Development in Advanced Parkinson's Disease

HUNTSVILLE, April 8, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Serina Therapeutics, Inc. (Serina) (NYSE American: SER), a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing its proprietary POZ Platform drug optimization technology, today announced the closing of a $5 million financing from strategic shareholders. Proceeds from the transaction will support the continued development of SER-252 (POZ-apomorphine), Serina's lead clinical candidate for Advanced Parkinson's disease, as the company prepares to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial in the fourth quarter of 2025.

This financing further strengthens our cash position and reflects the confidence of our strategic investors in the potential of SER-252, said Steve Ledger, CEO of Serina Therapeutics. With a novel approach to achieving continuous dopaminergic stimulation, we believe SER-252 may offer meaningful clinical benefit to patients with advanced Parkinsons disease. We remain focused on initiating first-in-human studies later this year.

In connection with the financing, Serina issued 965,250 shares of convertible preferred stock at $5.18 per share, equivalent to the closing price of its common stock on April 7, 2025.

About SER-252 (POZ-apomorphine)

SER 252 is an investigational apomorphine therapy developed with Serinas POZ platform and designed to provide continuous dopaminergic stimulation (CDS). CDS has been shown to reduce the severity of levodopa-related motor complications (dyskinesia) and enable greater on time, with reduced off time, in advanced Parkinsons patients. SER-252 leverages strategic partner Enable Injections enFuse wearable drug delivery platform to enhance patient comfort and convenience, providing CDS to patients via an easy-to-administer, long-acting subcutaneous injection without skin reactions. 

About the POZ Platform

Serinas proprietary POZ technology is based on a synthetic, water soluble, low viscosity polymer called poly(2-oxazoline). Serinas POZ technology is engineered to provide greater control in drug loading and more precision in the rate of release of attached drugs delivered via subcutaneous injection. The therapeutic agents in Serinas product candidates are typically well-understood and marketed drugs that are effective but are limited by pharmacokinetic profiles that can include toxicity, side effects and short half-life. Serina believes that by using POZ technology, drugs with narrow therapeutic windows can be designed to maintain more desirable and stable levels in the blood. Serinas POZ platform delivery technology has potential for use across a broad range of payloads and indications. 

About Serina Therapeutics

Serina is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a pipeline of wholly owned drug product candidates to treat neurological diseases and other indications. Serinas POZ PlatformTM provides the potential to improve the integrated efficacy and safety profile of multiple modalities including small molecules, RNA-based therapeutics and antibody-based drug conjugates (ADCs). Serina is headquartered in Huntsville, Alabama on the campus of the HudsonAlpha Institute of Biotechnology.

For more information, please visit https://serinatherapeutics.com.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statement

This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. These statements are based on managements current expectations, plans, beliefs or forecasts for the future, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any express or implied statements in this press release that are not statements of historical fact, including statements about the potential of Serinas POZ polymer technology, are forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable new clinical data and further analyses of existing clinical data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities; whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from our clinical studies; whether and when any applications may be filed for any drug or vaccine candidates in any jurisdictions; whether and when regulatory authorities may approve any potential applications that may be filed for any drug or vaccine candidates in any jurisdictions, which will depend on a myriad of factors, including making a determination as to whether the products benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the products efficacy and, if approved, whether any such drug or vaccine candidates will be commercially successful; decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of any drug or vaccine candidates; and competitive developments. These risks as well as other risks are more fully discussed in Serinas Annual Report on Form 10-K, and Serinas other periodic reports and documents filed from time to time with the SEC. The information contained in this release is as of the date hereof, and Serina assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments.

For inquiries, please contact:

Stefan Riley 

sriley@serinatherapeutics.com 

(256) 327-9630
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ser-20250408.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ser-20250408_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Title of 12(g) Security 
Title of 12(g) Security 

Entity Small Business 
Entity Small Business 

Entity Interactive Data Current 
Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

No Trading Symbol Flag 
No Trading Symbol Flag 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 
Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Voluntary Filers 
Entity Voluntary Filers 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Extension 
Extension 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Country 
Entity Address, Country 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Amendment Description 
Amendment Description 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 
Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 
Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 
Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 
Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Accounting Standard 
Document Accounting Standard 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Period Start Date 
Document Period Start Date 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 
Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Shell Company 
Entity Shell Company 

Document Registration Statement 
Document Registration Statement 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 
Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Document Annual Report 
Document Annual Report 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Public Float 
Entity Public Float 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Transition Report 
Document Transition Report 

Document Quarterly Report 
Document Quarterly Report 

Entity Primary SIC Number 
Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Document Shell Company Report 
Document Shell Company Report 

Entity Current Reporting Status 
Entity Current Reporting Status 

Document Shell Company Event Date 
Document Shell Company Event Date 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Country Region 
Country Region 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 
Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 
Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Security Reporting Obligation 
Security Reporting Obligation 

Entity Filer Category 
Entity Filer Category 

Annual Information Form 
Annual Information Form
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ser-20250408_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image_0a.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>serina.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 08, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 08, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 1-38519

Entity Registrant Name Serina Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001708599

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-1436829

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 601 Genome Way

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2001

Entity Address, City or Town Huntsville

Entity Address, State or Province AL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 35806

City Area Code (256)

Local Phone Number 327-9630

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol SE

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://serinatherapeutics.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ser-20250408.htm 
ser-20250408.xsd 
ser-20250408_lab.xml 
ser-20250408_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001708599-25-000042-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ser-20250408_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001708599 

2025-04-08 
2025-04-08 

0001708599 
false 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-04-08 
Serina Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
1-38519 
82-1436829 
601 Genome Way 
Suite 2001 
Huntsville 
AL 
35806 
(256) 
327-9630 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
SE 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>