<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-013045.txt : 20250212
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-013045.hdr.sgml : 20250212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250212171056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-013045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250206
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			K&F GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002029976
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42503
		FILM NUMBER:		25615966

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1219 MORNINGSIDE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			MANHATTAN BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90266
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3105459265

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1219 MORNINGSIDE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			MANHATTAN BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90266
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0230614-8k_kfgrow2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000202997600-000000000020299762025-02-062025-02-060002029976KFII:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember2025-02-062025-02-060002029976KFII:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-062025-02-060002029976KFII:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnefifteenth115OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember2025-02-062025-02-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 6, 2025

K&F Growth Acquisition Corp. II

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42503 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1219 Morningside Drive, Suite 110

Manhattan Beach, CA90266

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: 310-545-9265

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which
registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right KFIIU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share KFII The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifteenth (1/15) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the initial business combination KFIIR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On February 6, 2025, K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO)
of 28,750,000 units (the Units), including 3,750,000 Units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters
over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class
A Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one-fifteenth (1/15) of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the consummation of
the Companys initial business combination (each, a Share Right). The Units were sold at a price of
$10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $287,500,000.

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale (the Private Placement) of an aggregate of 922,727
Units (the Private Placement Units). 495,447 Private Placement Units were sold to K&F Growth Acquisition
LLC II, the Companys sponsor, and 427,280 Private Placement Units were sold to BTIG, LLC, in each case at a purchase price of $10.00
per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $9,227,270.

A total of $288,937,500,
or $10.05 per Unit, comprised of the net proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes $10,062,500 of the underwriters deferred
discount) and the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee.

An audited balance sheet
as of February 6, 2025 reflecting the receipt of the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued by the Company and
is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet as of February 6, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

K&F GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. II

By: /s/ Edward King

Name: Edward King

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer

Dated: February 12, 2025 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea0230614ex99-1_kfgrow2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED BALANCE SHEET AS OF FEBRUARY 6, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

K&F
GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. II

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Page

Financial Statement of K&F Growth Acquisition
Corp. II: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Balance Sheet as of February 6, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

K&F Growth Acquisition Corp. II:

Opinion
on the Financial Statement

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of K&F Growth Acquisition Corp. II (the "Company") as of February 6, 2025,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statement"). In our opinion, the financial statement presents
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 6, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

This
financial statement is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial
statement based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the entitys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We
have served as the Companys auditor since 2024.

New York,
New York

February 12, 2025

F-2

K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II

BALANCE SHEET

FEBRUARY 6, 2025

Assets: 

Current assets 

Cash $ 1,365,615 

Prepaid
expenses 26,294 

Total
current assets 1,391,909 

Cash
held in Trust Account 288,937,500 

Total
Assets $ 290,329,409 

Liabilities,
Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit 

Current
liabilities 

Accrued
offering costs $ 81,750 

Accrued
expenses 2,408 

Total
current liabilities 84,158 

Deferred
underwriting fee 10,062,500 

Total
Liabilities 10,146,658 

Commitments
and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class
A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, $0.001 par value; 28,750,000 shares at redemption value of $10.05 per
share 288,937,500 

Shareholders
Deficit 

Preferred
shares, $0.0001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class
A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 922,727 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 28,750,000
shares subject to possible redemption) 92 

Class
B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 9,583,333 shares issued and outstanding 958 

Additional
paid-in capital 

Accumulated
deficit (8,755,799 )

Total
Shareholders Deficit (8,754,749 )

Total
Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit $ 290,329,409 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement.

F-3

K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY
6, 2025

Note 1 Organization
and Business Operations

K&F Growth Acquisition Corp. II (the
Company) is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on July 2, 2024.
The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Company has not selected any
specific Business Combination target, and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly
or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with the Company.

As
of February 6, 2025, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from July 2, 2024 (inception) through
February 6, 2025 relates to the Companys formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering),
which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial
Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

The
registration statement for the Companys Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 4, 2025. On February 6, 2025,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 28,750,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of
their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,750,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $287,500,000, which is
described in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one Public Share and one right (Share Right) to receive one fifteenth (1/15)
of a Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination (Public Right).

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 922,727 units (the Private Placement Units) at a price of $10.00 per
Private Placement Unit, in a private placement to the Companys sponsor, K&F Growth Acquisition LLC II (the Sponsor),
and BTIG, LLC (BTIG), the representative of the underwriters, generating gross proceeds of $9,227,270, which is described
in Note 4. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Private Placement Share and one Share Right to receive one fifteenth (1/15) of
a Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination (Private Placement Right). Of those 922,727
Private Placement Units, the Sponsor purchased 495,447 private units and BTIG purchased 427,280 private units.

Transaction
costs amounted to $16,427,868, consisting of $5,750,000 of cash underwriting fee, $10,062,500 of deferred underwriting fee, and $615,368
of other offering costs.

The
Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net
balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and income taxes payable
on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the
Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
on February 6, 2025, an amount of $288,937,500 ($10.05 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units, and a portion of the
net proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account), with Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. The funds will be held in cash, including in demand deposit accounts at a bank,
or invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations;
the holding of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole purpose of facilitating the intended Business Combination.
To mitigate the risk that might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases
the longer that the Company holds investments in the Trust Account, the Company may, at any time (based on management teams ongoing
assessment of all factors related to the potential status under the Investment Company Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments
held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account
at a bank. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its
taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units will not be released from
the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption
of the Companys public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing
of the Initial Public Offering or by such earlier liquidation date as the board of directors may approve (the Completion Window),
subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Companys public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing
of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys
public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited
in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Companys creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims
of the Companys public shareholders.

F-4

K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY
6, 2025

Note 1 Organization
and Business Operations (cont.)

The
Company will provide the Companys public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon
the completion of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial
Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will
seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in
its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations.

The ordinary shares subject to redemption were
recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. In such case, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares
voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.

The
Company will have only the duration of the Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is
unable to complete its initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less income
taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares and completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other distributions, if any), subject to the Companys obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to
their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption
in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable
to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder
shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote
any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market
and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination.

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of
(i) $10.05 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account, if less than $10.05 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less income taxes payable, provided
that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the
Companys indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to
reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to
satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsors only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore,
the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.

F-5

K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY
6, 2025

Note 2 Significant
Accounting Policies

Basis
of Presentation

The accompanying financial statement is presented
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and pursuant to
the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Emerging
Growth Company Status

The
Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of
such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public
or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statement with another public company which
is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of the financial statement in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of
a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ
significantly from those estimates.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company had $1,365,615 in cash and no cash equivalents as of February 6, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As
of February 6, 2025, the assets held in the Trust Account, amounting to $288,937,500, were held in cash.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution,
which, at times, may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage limit of $250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access
to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

F-6

K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY
6, 2025

Note 2 Significant
Accounting Policies (cont.)

Offering
Costs

The Company complies with the requirements of
the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering. Offering costs consist principally
of professional and registration fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering. FASB ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and
Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into its equity and debt components.
The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units between Class A ordinary shares and rights,
using the residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to the assigned value of the rights and then to the Class
A ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to temporary equity, and offering costs allocated to Public
Rights and Private Placement Units were charged to shareholders' deficit, as the Share Rights, after management's evaluation, were accounted
for under equity treatment.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
fair value of the Companys assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to its short-term
nature.

Income
Taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes under ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach
to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between
the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted
tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are
established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely
than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is
the Companys major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. As of February 6, 2025, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties.
The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation
from its position.

The
Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently
not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys
tax provision was zero for the period presented.

F-7

K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY
6, 2025

Note 2 Significant
Accounting Policies (cont.)

Share
Rights

The
Company accounted for the Public and Private Placement Rights issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement
in accordance with the guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated
and classified the Share Rights under equity treatment at their assigned values.

Class
A Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The
public shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Companys
liquidation, or if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In
accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classifies public shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption
provisions are not solely within the control of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur
and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately
upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption value. The
change in the carrying value of redeemable shares will result in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available)
and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, as of February 6, 2025, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at
redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. As of
February 6, 2025, the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following
table:

Gross proceeds $ 287,500,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights (2,846,250 )

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs (16,246,286 )

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption
value 20,530,036 

Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption, February 6, 2025 $ 288,937,500 

Share-Based
Compensation

The Company records share-based compensation in
accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Share Compensation (ASC 718), guidance to account for its
share-based compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee share option or similar equity instrument.
The Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments at their fair value on the grant date, which are based on the estimated number
of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. Share-based payments are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of
share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment,
which is the more readily determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which
is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed
in the period related to the termination of service. Share-based compensation expenses are included in operating expenses.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on the Companys financial statement.

Note 3 Initial
Public Offering

Pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering, on February 6, 2025, the Company sold 28,750,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the
underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,750,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists
of one Public Share and one Public Right to receive one fifteenth (1/15) of a Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an
initial Business Combination.

F-8

K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY
6, 2025

Note 4 Private
Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor and BTIG purchased an aggregate of 922,727 Private Placement Units, at a price of $10.00 per Private
Placement Unit from the Company in a private placement, generating gross proceeds of $9,227,270. Each Unit consists of one Private Placement
Share and one Private Placement Right to receive one fifteenth (1/15) of a Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial
Business Combination. Of those 922,727 Private Placement Units, the Sponsor purchased 495,447 private units and BTIG purchased 427,280
private units. The Private Placement Units are identical to the units sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions.

The Sponsor and the Companys officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or
an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company
determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation
to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company has not
consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the
Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares
they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after
the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination.

Note 5 Related
Party Transactions

Founder
Shares

On
July 2, 2024, the Sponsor made a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share, through payments of offering
costs and expenses on the Companys behalf, for which the Company issued 9,583,333 Class B ordinary shares, known as founder
shares, to the Sponsor. Up to 1,250,000 of the founder shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration depending on the
extent to which the underwriters over-allotment is exercised. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise
their over-allotment option on February 6, 2025, a total of 1,250,000 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor
holds 9,508,333 founder shares, after giving effect to the founder share transfers described below.

On January 29, 2025, the Sponsor transferred a
total of 75,000 founder shares to the three independent directors (25,000 shares each) for no consideration. The founder shares are automatically
forfeited if the holder of such founder shares is no longer providing services to the Company prior to the initial Business Combination.
The transfer of the founder shares to the Companys independent directors are in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation (ASC 718). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured
at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the 75,000 shares granted to the Companys independent directors was $111,300
or $1.484 per share. The founder shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., providing services through Business Combination).
Compensation expense related to the founder shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the
applicable accounting literature in this circumstance.

F-9

K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY
6, 2025

Note 5 Related
Party Transactions (cont.)

The founder shares are designated as Class B
ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in
this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder
shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) the founder shares are entitled to registration
rights, (iii) the Sponsor and the Companys officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant
to which they have agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and
public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect
to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation
to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company has not
consummated an initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, (C) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from
the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares or private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business
Combination within the completion window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within such time period and to liquidating
distributions from assets outside the Trust Account and (D) vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and
any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions, aside from
shares they may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted
in favor of approving the Business Combination transaction) in favor of the initial Business Combination, (iv) the founder shares
are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination
or earlier at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in the Company amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, and (v) prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination, only holders of
the Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on the appointment and removal of directors or continuing the Company in a jurisdiction
outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional
documents, in each case, as a result of approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands).

Promissory
Note Related Party

The
Sponsor had agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public
Offering. The loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of June 30, 2025, as amended on December 31, 2024,
or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. On February 6, 2025, the Company repaid the total outstanding balance of the note amounting
to $266,071. Borrowings under the note are no longer available.

Administrative
Services Agreement

The Company entered into an agreement with the
Sponsor, commencing on February 4, 2025 through the earlier of the Companys consummation of initial Business Combination and its
liquidation, to pay the Sponsor an aggregate of $25,000 per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative support
services. As of February 6, 2025, the Company incurred $1,667 of administrative services fees, which was included in Accrued expenses
line in the accompanying balance sheet.

Related
Party Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans). If the Company completes
a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the
Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from
the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into private placement units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. As of
February 6, 2025, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

F-10

K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY
6, 2025

Note 6 Commitments
and Contingencies

Risks
and Uncertainties

The
United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from
the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine
conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the
United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions
against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society
for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have
also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions
among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures
that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel
and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and
global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions,
including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased
cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial
markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any
of the above mentioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions
resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions,
could adversely affect the Companys search for an initial Business Combination and any target business with which the Company
may ultimately consummate an initial Business Combination.

Registration
Rights

The
holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Units (and their underlying securities) and Units that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans (and their underlying securities), if any, and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of
the founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares held by the initial shareholders at the completion of the Initial Public Offering
or acquired prior to or in connection with the initial Business Combination, are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
rights agreement on the effective date of the registration statement for the Initial Public Offering. These holders will be entitled
to make up to three demands and have piggyback registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the
filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting
Agreement

The
underwriters had a 45-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 units to
cover over-allotments, if any. On February 6, 2025, the underwriters elected to fully exercise their over-allotment option to purchase
an additional 3,750,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit.

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 2.00% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or $5,750,000
in the aggregate, which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Additionally, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred
underwriting discount of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or $10,062,500 in the aggregate, payable upon the
closing of an initial Business Combination. Of the deferred underwriting commissions, (i) $0.275 per unit sold in the Initial Public
Offering shall be paid to the underwriters in cash and (ii) up to $0.075 per unit sold in the Initial Public Offering shall be paid to
the underwriters in cash, provided that the Company has the right to reallocate any portion of such amount for the payment of expenses
in connection with such initial Business Combination.

Note 7 Shareholders
Deficit

Preferred Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 5,000,000 preferred shares at par value of $0.0001 each. As of February 6, 2025, there were
no preferred shares issued or outstanding.

Class A
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at par
value of $0.0001 each. As of February 6, 2025, there were 922,727 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding the 28,750,000
shares subject to possible redemption.

Class B
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares at par
value of $0.0001 each. As of February 6, 2025, there were 9,583,333 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding.

F-11

K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY
6, 2025

Note 7 Shareholders
Deficit (cont.)

The founder shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of
the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or any other equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued
in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering and related to or in connection with the closing of the initial Business
Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders
of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed
issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal,
in the aggregate, 25% of the sum of (i) the total number of all Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the
Initial Public Offering (including any Class A ordinary shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and
excluding the securities underlying the Private Placement Units and the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private
Placement Rights issued to the Sponsor), plus (ii) all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed
issued, in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or
to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent rights issued to the Sponsor or any
of its affiliates or to officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans) minus (iii) any redemptions of Class A
ordinary shares by public shareholders in connection with an initial Business Combination; provided that such conversion of founder shares
will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

Holders of record of the Companys Class A
ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange
rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires
the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where
proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company is generally required to approve any matter voted on by
shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which (except as specified below) requires
the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where
proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting, and pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
such actions include amending the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation
with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, meaning, following the initial Business
Combination, the holders of more than 50% of the ordinary shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors.
Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will (i) have the
right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors and (ii) be entitled to vote on continuing the Company in a jurisdiction
outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional
documents, in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands).
Holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on these matters during such time. These provisions of the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended if approved by a special resolution passed by the affirmative
vote of at least 90% (or, where such amendment is proposed in respect of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, two-thirds)
of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable
general meeting of the Company.

Rights
Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a Share Right
will automatically receive one fifteenth (1/15) of one Class A ordinary share upon consummation of the initial Business Combination.
In the event the Company is not the surviving Company upon completion of the initial Business Combination, each holder of a Share Right
will be required to affirmatively convert its Share Rights in order to receive the one fifteenth (1/15) of one Class A ordinary share
underlying each Share Right upon consummation of the Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares in connection
with an exchange of Share Rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in
accordance with the applicable provisions of Cayman Islands law. As a result, holders must hold Share Rights in multiples of 15 in order
to receive shares for all of their Share Rights upon closing of a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial
Business Combination within the required time period and the Company redeems the public shares for the funds held in the Trust Account,
holders of Share Rights will not receive any of such funds for their Share Rights and the Share Rights will expire worthless.

F-12

K&F
Growth Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

FEBRUARY
6, 2025

Note 8 Fair
Value Measurements

The
fair value of the Companys financial assets and liabilities reflects managements estimate of amounts that the Company would
have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company
seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable
inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is
used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and
liabilities:

Level
1: Quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions
for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

Level
2: Observable
inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

Level
3: Unobservable
inputs based on assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

The
fair value of the Share Rights issued in the Initial Public Offering is $2,846,250, or $0.099 per Share Right. The Share Rights issued
in the Initial Public Offering have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance.
The following table presents the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Share Rights issued
in the Initial Public Offering:

February
6,

2025 

Underlying share price $ 9.91 

Pre-adjusted value per share right $ 0.66 

Market adjustment(1) 15.0 %

Fair value per share right $ 0.099 

(1) Market
adjustment reflects additional factors not fully captured by low volatility selection, which
may include likelihood of Business Combination occurring, market perception of lack of available
or suitable targets, or possible post-acquisition decline of stock price prior to beginning
of the exercise period. The adjustment is determined by comparing traded right prices to
simulated model outputs. The market adjustment was determined by calibrating traded Share
Rights prices as of the valuation dates.

Note 9 Subsequent
Events

The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statement
was issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure
in the financial statement.

F-13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>kfii-20250206.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>kfii-20250206_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>kfii-20250206_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifteenth (1/15) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the initial business combination 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>kfii-20250206_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 06, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42503

Entity Registrant Name K&F Growth Acquisition Corp. II

Entity Central Index Key 0002029976

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 1219 Morningside Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 110

Entity Address, City or Town Manhattan Beach

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90266

City Area Code 310

Local Phone Number 545-9265

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right

Trading Symbol KFIIU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol KFII

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifteenth (1/15) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the initial business combination 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifteenth (1/15) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation

Trading Symbol KFIIR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=KFII_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=KFII_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=KFII_RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnefifteenth115OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://kandfgrowth.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0230614-8k_kfgrow2.htm 
kfii-20250206.xsd 
kfii-20250206_def.xml 
kfii-20250206_lab.xml 
kfii-20250206_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-013045-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0230614-8k_kfgrow2_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002029976 

2025-02-06 
2025-02-06 

0002029976 

KFII:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember 

2025-02-06 
2025-02-06 

0002029976 

KFII:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-06 
2025-02-06 

0002029976 

KFII:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnefifteenth115OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember 

2025-02-06 
2025-02-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002029976 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-02-06 
K&F Growth Acquisition Corp. II 
E9 
001-42503 
1219 Morningside Drive 
Suite 110 
Manhattan Beach 
CA 
90266 
310 
545-9265 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 
KFIIU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
KFII 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifteenth (1/15) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation 
KFIIR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>