<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001372514-25-000003.txt : 20250115
<SEC-HEADER>0001372514-25-000003.hdr.sgml : 20250115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250115172254
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001372514-25-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250110
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KIORA PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001372514
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36672
		FILM NUMBER:		25533748

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		332 ENCINITAS BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			ENCINITAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-788-8869

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		332 ENCINITAS BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			ENCINITAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EYEGATE PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060811
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>kprx-20250110.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?kprx-20250110

0001372514false00013725142025-01-102025-01-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT

TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 10, 2025

KIORA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)

001-36672 98-0443284

(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

332 Encinitas Blvd.

Suite 102

Encinitas,CA92024

(858) 224-9600

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered:

Common Stock, $0.01 par value KPRX NASDAQ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Daniels Employment Agreement

On January 10, 2025, Kiora Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) entered into an employment agreement (the Daniels Agreement) with Eric Daniels, MD, MBA, the Companys Chief Development Officer, in connection with the relocation of Dr. Daniels from Australia to the United States. Pursuant to the Daniels Agreement, Dr. Daniels will receive an annual base salary of $443,000.04 and he is entitled to receive a performance bonus with a target of up to 40% of his annual base salary for the applicable fiscal year.

Additionally, for a period of fifteen months from the effective date of the Daniels Agreement, the Company granted Dr. Daniels certain relocation benefits, including certain tax gross-up payments and relocation expenses. The Company will also continue to make concessional superannuation contributions (capped at AUD$30,000 annually) as previously provided to Dr. Daniels through the Companys Australian subsidiary.

If Dr. Daniels voluntarily terminates employment with the Company, or is terminated for Cause (as defined in the Daniels Agreement) within twelve months of the effective date of the Employment Agreement, Dr. Daniels will be required to reimburse the Company for 50% of all previously reimbursed relocation expenses.

If the Company terminates Dr. Daniels employment without Cause or he resigns for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Daniels Agreement), then Dr. Daniels will be eligible to receive (i) continued payment of his base salary for six months; (ii) a lump-sum cash payment, payable no later than the last installment of his severance, equal to 0.5 multiplied by the maximum performance bonus that he would have been eligible to receive in the year of termination; and (iii) continued coverage under a private health and dental insurance plan for up to six months following termination.

Additionally, if the Company terminates Dr. Daniels employment without Cause or he resigns for Good Reason, then that portion of his then unvested stock options and restricted stock awards that would have otherwise become vested over the six month period following such termination will become fully vested and immediately exercisable on the date of such termination. In the event that a Change of Control of the Company occurs (as such term is defined in the Daniels Agreement), all of Dr. Daniels unvested stock options and restricted stock awards will become fully vested and immediately exercisable.

The foregoing description of the Daniels Agreement is a summary and does not purport to be complete. Such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Daniels Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Tosca Employment Agreement

In connection with the previous promotion of Melissa Tosca to Chief Financial Officer on July 1, 2024, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement (the Tosca Agreement) with Ms. Tosca on January 10, 2025. Pursuant to the Tosca Agreement, Ms. Tosca will receive an annual base salary of $337,000 and she is entitled to receive a performance bonus with a target of up to 40% of her annual base salary for the applicable fiscal year.

If the Company terminates Ms. Toscas employment without Cause or she resigns for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Tosca Agreement), then Ms. Tosca will be eligible to receive (i) continued payment of base salary for six months; and (ii) a lump-sum cash payment, payable no later than the last installment of her severance, equal to 0.5 multiplied by the maximum performance bonus that she would have been eligible to receive in the year of termination; and (iii) continued coverage under a private health and dental insurance plan for up to six months following termination.

Additionally, if the Company terminates Ms. Toscas employment without Cause or she resigns for Good Reason, then that portion of her then unvested stock options and restricted stock awards that would have otherwise become vested over the six month period following such termination shall become fully vested and immediately exercisable on the date of such termination. In the event that a Change of Control of the Company 

occurs (as such term is defined in the Tosca Agreement), all of Ms. Toscas unvested stock options and restricted stock awards shall become fully vested and immediately exercisable.

The foregoing description of the Tosca Agreement is a summary and does not purport to be complete. Such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Tosca Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

Number Title

10.11 

Employment Agreement by and between Kiora Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Eric J. Daniels, dated as of January 10, 2025

10.21 

Employment Agreement by and between Kiora Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Melissa Tosca, dated as of January 10, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

KIORA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: /s/ Melissa Tosca

Melissa Tosca

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal financial and accounting officer)

Date: January 15, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit-101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

KIORA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, entered into as of January 10, 2025 (this Agreement), is made by and between Kiora Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Employer), and Eric J. Daniels, MD, MBA (the Employee) (Employer and Employee collectively, the Parties).

WHEREAS, the Employer desires to employ the Employee and the Employee desires to be employed by the Employer, upon and subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and the mutual promises contained herein, the Parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1.Freedom to Contract. The Employee represents that he is free to enter into this Agreement, that he has not made and will not make any agreements in conflict with this Agreement, and that he will not disclose to the Employer, or use for the Employers benefit, any trade secrets or confidential information that are the property of any other party.

2.At-Will Employment. The Employer hereby employs the Employee, and the Employee hereby accepts his employment by the Employer, subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. The Employee shall be an at-will employee, subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement. This means that Employees employment is of no definite duration and will continue only as long as both Parties consider it of mutual benefit. Notwithstanding Section 10.2 or any other provision of this Agreement, Employee or Employer are free to terminate the employment relationship at any time with or without cause and with or without notice. Although Employees job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as Employers personnel policies and procedures, may change from time-to-time, the at will nature of Employees employment may only be changed in a document signed by Employee and Employers Chief Executive Officer.

3.Effective Date and Term. The effective time of this Agreement shall be as of January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date) and such employment shall continue thereafter in full force and effect until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The obligations and agreements of the Employee pursuant to Sections 8.7, 10.2, 10.3, 11, 12, 13, and 15.6 hereof shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason. The Enterprise Effective Date (the Start Date) is October 21, 2021.

4.Title and Duties; Extent of Services.

4.1.The Employee shall promote the business and affairs of the Employer as Chief Development Officer. As Chief Development Officer of the Employer, the Employee shall have such duties and responsibilities as may be assigned to him by the Employers President and Chief Executive Officer and its Board of Directors (the Board of Directors) from time to time and such other duties and responsibilities as are normal and customary for Chief Development Officers. The Employee shall report and be responsible to the Chief Executive Officer. The Employee shall devote his best efforts and entire time, attention and energies to the business and affairs of the Employer. Subject to Section 4.2, unless the Employee has received the approval of the Chief Executive Officer, he shall not participate in any other business, engage in other business activities, or render services to any other business or person, as a principal, consultant, employee, or in any other capacity.

4.2.During his employment, the Employee may serve on the board of directors, board of advisors, or other similar governing or advisory boards of other companies, institutions, or organizations with the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer (not to be unreasonably withheld), provided that: (i) the Employee does not use proprietary, confidential and/or trade secret information, property, assets or employees of the Employer in engaging in such activities; (ii) any such activities do not pose a conflict of interest or interfere with the Employees duties to the Employer; and (iii) any such activities are not directly or indirectly for or for the benefit of a business engaged in any commercial activity that is competitive with the Employer or otherwise in breach of the Confidentiality Agreement.

5.[Reserved]

6.Compliance with Policies. Employee acknowledges and agrees that compliance with Employers policies, practices, and procedures is a term and condition of his employment under this Agreement.

7.Location of Employment. Employee shall work out of Employees home office in San Diego County or shall work at any other location mutually agreed upon by the Employer and the Employee, provided that Employee complies with his obligations to travel regularly for business from time to time, consistent with the Employers business needs.

8.Compensation and Benefits.

8.1.Salary. The Employer shall pay the Employee a gross salary at the rate of Thirty-Six Thousand, Nine Hundred and Sixteen Dollars and Sixty-Seven Cents ($36,916.67) per month (which annualizes to Four Hundred, Forty-Three Thousand Dollars and Four Cents ($443,000.04)), subject to all applicable statutory deductions and withholdings, and payable bi-weekly in arrears or otherwise in accordance with state and local law as well as the Employers normal and customary payroll practices applicable to all of its employees (Salary).

8.2.Performance Bonus. The Employee shall be eligible to receive a performance bonus with respect to each fiscal year of the Employer. Payment of any such performance bonus and the amount, if any, of any such performance bonus shall be entirely at the discretion of the Board of Directors, with an annual target of up to forty percent (40%) of the Employees annual Salary (Performance Bonus). In determining the amount of any Performance Bonus to be paid to Employee, the Board of Directors shall consider the extent to which the performance criteria established between the Employee and the Board of Directors with respect to such fiscal year has been achieved. Notwithstanding anything express or implied in this Section 8.2 to the contrary, in order to be entitled to receive any performance bonus, the Employee must remain an employee of the Employer on the date that the Employer makes payment of any Performance Bonus.

8.3.Medical Benefits. During the term of this Agreement, the Employee shall be entitled to participate in the health insurance plan offered or generally made available to the Employers employees, under the same terms and conditions as those offered to other, similarly situated employees of the Employer, except as otherwise provided in Section 10.2(d) hereof.

8.4.Paid Time Off and Choice Leave. During the term of this Agreement, the Employee shall be entitled to paid time off and choice leave, which includes paid sick leave, consistent with the Employers policy concerning paid time off and choice leave and applicable state and local law.

8.5.Other Benefits. During the term of the Employees employment with the Employer pursuant to this Agreement, the Employee shall be entitled to receive such other retirement, welfare and fringe benefits (employee benefits) as are provided by the Employer to its senior executives and/or key employees, in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the plan, agreement or arrangement representing or evidencing such benefits.

8.5.1 For the term of fifteen (15) months from the Effective Date of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified below, the Employee will receive the following Other Benefits. At the end of this term, these will be reevaluated: 

a.Supplemental Gross Up. The Employer shall pay the Employee a supplemental gross up, including all applicable federal, state, and local deductions, in the amount of Six Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($6,500) per month. 

b.Medical Benefits. In addition to Medical Benefits in Section 8.3, the Employer will continue to provide private family health insurance as currently provided to the Employee through the Employers wholly owned Australian subsidiary (Kiora Pharmaceuticals, Pty Ltd.). 

c.Superannuation Contribution. The Employer shall continue to make concessional Superannuation contributions (capped at AUD$30,000 annually) as currently provided to the Employee through the Employers wholly owned Australian subsidiary (Kiora Pharmaceuticals, Pty Ltd.). 

d.California Tax Equalization. For tax years 2025 and 2026, the Employer agrees to reimburse or pay the Employee directly (including all applicable federal, state, and local tax) up to Thirty Thousand Dollars (USD$30,000) in the event that tax due in California exceeds a hypothetical tax return to be run in Melbourne, Victoria (stay-at-home tax) for the identical 12-month period. 

e.Reimbursed Relocation Expenses. The Employer will reimburse the Employee for relocation expenses up to Fifty Thousand Dollars (USD$50,000). If the Employee voluntarily terminates employment with the Employer, or is terminated for Cause (defined below in Section 10.2(b)), within twelve (12) months of the Effective Date, the Employee will be liable to reimburse Employer for 50% of all incurred relocation expenses reimbursed and paid by Employer through the date of termination. Employee agrees to execute any necessary reimbursement agreements to effectuate this Section 8.5.1(e). 

8.6.Discretionary Nature of Benefits. Except as outlined in Section 8.5.1, the Employee understands that the Employer may amend, change or cancel or terminate any of its employment policies and employee benefits at any time as allowed by law or by any applicable plan, agreement or arrangement representing or evidencing such employee benefits.

8.7.Taxes. Except for the payments and benefits listed in Section 8.5.1, all compensation and benefits (including, without limitation, any fringe benefits, bonuses, non-cash compensation, subsidies, severance pay or benefits under Article 8 and Section 10.2 hereof) payable or to be provided to the Employee shall be subject to all applicable withholding taxes, to applicable foreign, federal, state and local deductions, and to any other proper deductions.

9.Stock Options; Acceleration Upon Change of Control.

9.1.The Employee shall be eligible for grants of stock options (the Options) under the Employers 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Plan), subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors. The Options shall be incentive stock options to purchase shares of the Employers common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Common Stock). The Options, if any, shall be subject to, and governed by, the terms and provisions of the Plan and stock option agreement(s) granted thereunder (Stock Option Agreements).

9.2.Upon a Change of Control, all of the Employees then unvested stock options and/or restricted stock awards granted to the Employee prior to such Change of Control under the Plan, including, but not limited to, all stock options previously granted, shall become fully vested and immediately exercisable, notwithstanding any vesting schedule or other provisions to the contrary in the agreements evidencing such options or awards, and the Employer and the Employee hereby agree that such stock option agreements and restricted stock awards are hereby, and will be deemed to be, amended to give effect to this provision. For the purposes hereof, a Change of Control occurs upon (a) the closing of any merger or consolidation of the Employer with any other unrelated person or entity, or (b) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Employer to another unrelated person or entity, or (c) the sale of more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power 

of the stock of the Employer to an unrelated party, such that, in each case, the transaction has been approved by the Employers stockholders, and in which the stockholders of the Employer immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or sale shall, immediately after such merger, consolidation or sale, own less than fifty percent (50%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the person or entity that is the surviving company of any such merger or consolidation, or the acquirer in the case of any such sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Employer. The provisions of this paragraph shall apply only if the Employee is actively employed by the Employer as a full time employee at the time of a Change of Control.

10.Termination.

10.1.Termination Rights of the Parties. The Employer may terminate the Employees employment at any time by giving notice of termination to the Employee, whereupon, unless otherwise specified by the Employer, the date of termination of the Employees employment shall be the date on which notice of termination is given to the Employee. Upon the death of the Employee or the Employees disability such that he is unable to perform his duties as determined, in good faith, by the Chief Executive Officer, his employment shall terminate immediately upon such occurrence. Subject to Section 13, the date on which the Employees employment terminates hereunder is hereinafter referred to as the Termination Date.

10.2.Employees Right to Compensation Following Termination; Severance Pay.

(a)If the Employees employment hereunder terminates for any reason whatsoever, the Employer shall pay all of his (or, in the case of death, his estate) accrued but unpaid Salary and Paid Time Off through and including the Termination Date, which amounts shall be paid to the Employee (or his estate) in a lump sum as of such Termination Date, in accordance with applicable law. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Employee shall also be entitled to such other accrued benefits for which he is eligible under the terms and conditions of the Employers employee benefit plans, stock options arrangements, and any applicable law. The accrued compensation and benefits described in this Section 10.2(a) are collectively referred to as the Accrued Benefits.

(b)If (i) the Employee voluntarily terminates his employment hereunder without Good Reason (as defined in Section 10.2(e) below) or (ii) the Employees employment hereunder terminates by reason of his death or disability or (iii) the Employer terminates the employment of the Employee, at any time, for Cause, then, other than the Accrued Benefits, neither the Employee nor his estate, heirs or other successors shall be entitled to severance pay or other benefits under this Agreement after the Termination Date.

(c)If the employment of the Employee is terminated by the Employer for any reason other than for Cause (as defined in Section 10.2(e) below) at any time or if the employment of the Employee is terminated by the Employee for Good Reason then, subject to Sections 10.3 and 13 and subsection (d) hereof, and in addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Employee shall be entitled to: (i) severance pay in the form of a continuation of the periodic payment of his Salary for a period of six (6) months from the Termination Date; and (ii) an amount equal to the product of (A) the maximum performance bonus, pursuant to Section 8.2, that he would have been eligible to receive for the year in which such termination occurs, multiplied by (B) 0.5, which shall be payable no later than the last installment of his severance. The continued Salary payments referred to in the foregoing clause (i) shall be made in accordance with the Employers standard payroll practices and timing as in effect from time to time.

(d)If (i) the employment of the Employee is terminated by the Employer for any reason other than for Cause, or if the employment of the Employee is terminated by the Employee for Good Reason at any time, and (ii) if the Employee elects under COBRA or an analogous state law continuation coverage under the Employers health and dental plans, then the Employer will subsidize the cost of such coverage and pay the employer portion of such coverage for a period of six (6) months from the Termination Date, under the same terms and conditions then applicable to active employees with identical coverage (COBRA Subsidy), except that the Employee must pay the 

employee portion for such coverage by making each monthly co-payment to the Employer, in full, no later than the first five (5) business days of any month during which such COBRA Subsidy applies. If the Employee has elected continuation coverage under COBRA or any analogous state law, then the Employee shall be responsible for all costs for any remainder of the COBRA (or analogous) period. If the Employee has, instead, elected health and dental coverage under a state exchange, then the Employee shall pay the cost of premiums for such coverage directly, subject to reimbursement by the Employer for an amount equal to the COBRA Subsidy, and the Employer shall pay any such reimbursement, in full, no later than thirty (30) days after the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Employees Termination Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (A) the amount of the COBRA Subsidy shall not exceed the dollar amount provided to similarly situated active employees of the Employer, and (B) to the extent that the Employers payment of such COBRA Subsidy to the Employee is treated as a violation of any applicable non-discrimination laws under the Affordable Care Act, then such COBRA Subsidy shall be unavailable to the Employee under this subsection and his severance under subsection (c) hereof shall be increased by an amount equal to the dollar value of the COBRA Subsidy that would have otherwise been available. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, any reimbursement of the COBRA Subsidy shall be paid to the Employee no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the COBRA expense was incurred.

(e)For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean (i) the Employees willful failure to perform his duties (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness or any protected reason under federal, state, or local law), (ii) the Employees willful failure to comply with any valid directive of the Board of Directors, (iii) the Employees engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct, or misconduct, which is, in each case, materially injurious to the Employer or its affiliates, (iv) the Employees embezzlement, misappropriation, or fraud, whether or not related to the Employees employment with the Employer, (v) the Employees conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or a crime that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, subject to applicable law, (vi) the Employees material violation of the Employers written policies or codes of conduct, or (vii) the Employees material breach of any material obligation under this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement or any other written agreement between the Employee and the Employer. For the purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean (i) the failure of the Employer to employ the Employee in his current position such that Employees duties, authority, or responsibilities are materially diminished without the Employees consent; (ii) a material reduction in the Employees aggregate Salary below the amount stipulated in Section 8.1 hereof without the Employees consent (unless such reduction is in connection with a proportional reduction in compensation to all or substantially all of the Employers officers); or (iii) a material breach by the Employer of this Agreement. The Employee cannot terminate employment for Good Reason unless the Employee has provided written notice to the Employer of the existence of the circumstances providing grounds for termination for Good Reason and the Employer has had at least thirty (30) calendar days from the date on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances.

(f)In the event that the employment of the Employee is terminated by the Employer for any reason other than for Cause or in the event that the Employee voluntarily terminates his employment hereunder for Good Reason, then that portion of the Employees then unvested stock options and/or restricted stock awards granted to the Employee under any Employer stock option plan which would have become vested over the three (3) month period following such termination (provided that such period shall be extended to a total of six (6) months if the Employees date of termination occurs on or after the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Start Date or at any time following a Change of Control) had the Employee continued as an employee of Employer throughout such applicable period, shall, instead, become fully vested and immediately exercisable on the Termination Date, notwithstanding any vesting schedule or other provisions to the contrary in the agreements evidencing such options or awards, and the Employer and the Employee hereby agree that such stock option agreements and restricted stock awards are hereby, and will be deemed to be, amended to give effect to this provision.

(g)The Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) he shall not be entitled to receive any compensation or benefits from the Employer with respect to any period of time after the Termination Date except to the extent any Accrued Benefits and as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 10.2.; and (ii) the Employer may set off any amounts the Employee owes the 

Employer against any amounts the Employer owes the Employee at the date of termination except for amounts the Employer is not entitled by law to set off. Employee agrees to execute any agreement outlining and agreeing to such an offset.

10.3 Employee Release. Any obligation of the Employer to provide the Employee severance payments or other benefits under this Agreement is expressly conditioned upon the Employee reviewing and signing (and not revoking during any applicable revocation period) a general release of claims in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Employer and to the Employee (the Release). The Employer shall provide the Employee with the Release promptly after the date on which the Employee gives or receives, as the case may be, notice of termination of the Employees employment. Payment of all severance payment or other benefits to which the Employee may be entitled after the Termination Date, other than the Accrued Benefits, shall commence after the effective date of the Release, as set forth in the Release. To the extent that the Releases effective date occurs after severance payments or other benefits may become due under Section 10.2 hereof, the payments that have accumulated between the Termination Date and before the Releases effective date will be paid in a lump sum in the first payment made after the Releases effective date.

11. Proprietary Information, Inventions and Non-Solicitation Agreement. The Employee hereby acknowledges that he has entered into the Employers standard form of Proprietary Information, Inventions and Non-Solicitation Agreement (the Confidentiality Agreement), which is incorporated herein as if reproduced in its entirety. By accepting this Agreement, the Employee hereby ratifies and accepts the terms of the Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions and Non-Solicitation Agreement and agrees to abide by its terms. 

12. Unique Nature of Agreement; Specific Enforcement. The Employer and the Employee agree and acknowledge that the rights and obligations set forth with this Agreement are of a unique and special nature and that the Employer is, therefore, without an adequate legal remedy in the event of the Employees violation of any of the covenants set forth in this Agreement. The Employer and the Employee agree, therefore, that each of the covenants made by the Employee under this Agreement shall be specifically enforceable in equity, without the need to post a bond or provide other security, in addition to all other rights and remedies, at law or in equity or otherwise (including termination of employment), that may be available to the Employer.

13. Section 409A of the Code.

13.1Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at the time of the Employees separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the Employer determines that the Employee is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then the payment of any deferred compensation hereunder shall not commence until the date that is the earlier of: (A) six (6) months and one (1) calendar day after the Employees separation from service; and (B) his death. 

13.2Any installment payments of severance or other deferred compensation under this Agreement shall be deemed a series of separate payments for purposes of section 409A of the Code.

13.3To the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, if the period for considering and executing the Release under this Agreement spans two (2) calendar years, then the severance or payment will not be made or commence until the later calendar year.

13.4Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no event shall constitute a termination of employment in this Agreement, unless such event is also a separation from service, as that term is defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and Treasury Regulations 1.409A-3(a)(1) and 1.409A-1(h), and any references hereunder to termination of employment shall have the same meaning as separation from service, as so defined.

13.5The Parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code such that no tax is triggered thereunder. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to such compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner that all payments hereunder so comply with Section 409A of the Code. The Parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without additional tax cost to either party.

13.6The Employer makes no representation or warranty as to the compliance of this Agreement with Code Section 409A, and, other than its tax withholding obligation, the Employer shall have no liability to the Employee or any other person if any provisions of this Agreement is determined to constitute deferred compensation taxable under Section 409A of the Code. However, the Parties agree to reasonably cooperate and work together to adopt amendments to this Agreement to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code with the intent to avoid liability under Code Section 409A.

14.Treatment of Parachute Payments.

14.1.Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Employer or its affiliates to the Employee or for the Employees benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (Covered Payments) constitute parachute payments (Parachute Payments) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and would, but for this Section 14, be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively, the Excise Tax), then, subject to Section 14.3, the Covered Payments shall be either:

(a)reduced to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Covered Payments is subject to the Excise Tax (that amount, the Reduced Amount); or

(b)payable in full if the Employees receipt on an after-tax basis of the full amount of payments and benefits (after taking into account the applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and excise taxes (including the Excise Tax)) would result in the Employee receiving an amount at least five percent (5%) greater than the Reduced Amount.

14.2 Any such reduction pursuant to Section 14.1 shall be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and the following:

(a)the Covered Payments which do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be reduced first; and

(b)all other Covered Payments shall then be reduced as follows: (i) cash payments shall be reduced before non-cash payments; and (ii) payments to be made on a later payment date shall be reduced before payments to be made on an earlier payment date.

14.3 Any determination required under this Section 14, including whether any payments or benefits are Parachute Payments, shall be made by the Employer in its reasonable discretion. The Employee shall provide the Employer with such information and documents as the Employer may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 14. The Employers determination shall be final and binding on the Employee.

15.Miscellaneous.

15.1Equal Employment Opportunity. The Employer is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing a work environment that is free of discrimination. In keeping with this commitment, we maintain a strict policy prohibiting unlawful discrimination based on race (including traits typically associated with race such as certain hairstyles), color, creed, religion (includes religious dress and grooming practices), sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and/or related medical conditions), reproductive health decisions, gender identity and/or gender expression (including, without limitation, transgender, transsexualism, non-binary, gender non-conforming), marital status, sexual orientation, age (40 and over), national origin (including language use and possession of a drivers license issued to persons unable to prove their presence in the United States as authorized under federal law), citizenship, immigration status, military or veteran status, physical handicap, disability (physical and mental, including HIV and AIDS), medical condition, genetic characteristic or information, ancestry, the use of cannabis off the job and away from the workplace, or based on any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state, or local laws. This commitment applies to all personnel decisions and to all persons involved in our operations, including volunteers and interns. The Employer prohibits discrimination not just on the basis of individual protected characteristics, but also on the basis of the intersectionality (combination) of two or more protected traits. Employee is expressly prohibited from discriminating against, retaliating against, or harassing any employee, customer, contractor, or intern of the Employer. Employee must treat all individuals working for or on behalf of the Employer respectfully and appropriately.

15.2Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement, and the Stock Option Agreements shall represent the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the arrangements contemplated hereby. No prior agreement, whether written or oral, shall be construed to change, amend, alter, repeal or invalidate this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed in one or more counterparts by the Parties.

15.3Waiver. No consent to or waiver of any breach or default in the performance of any obligations hereunder shall be deemed or construed to be a consent to or waiver of any other breach or default in the performance of any of the same or any other obligations hereunder. Failure on the part of either Party to complain of any act or failure to act of the other Party or to declare the other Party in default, irrespective of the duration of such failure, shall not constitute a waiver of rights hereunder and no waiver hereunder shall be effective unless it is in writing, executed by the Party waiving the breach or default hereunder.

15.4Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns and, in the case of the Employee, his heirs. This Agreement may be assigned by the Employer to any Affiliate of the Employer and to a successor of its business (whether by purchase or otherwise). Affiliate of the Employer means any person which, directly or indirectly, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Employer and, for the purposes of this definition, control (including the terms controlled by and under common control with) shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of another, whether through the ownership of voting securities, the holding of office in another, by contract, or otherwise. The Employee may not assign or transfer any or all of his rights or obligations under this Agreement.

15.5Disputes. In case of any dispute hereunder, the Parties will submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any court of competent jurisdiction sitting in County of San Diego, California, and will comply with all requirements necessary to give such court jurisdiction over the Parties and the controversy. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to that State's choice of law rules.

15.6Independent Review and Advice. By signing his name below, the Employee expressly acknowledges that he has read this Agreement, has had the opportunity to ask Employer representatives questions about it, has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney of his choice (at his own expense) before signing it, and understands the contents of this Agreement. The Employee further agrees that signing this Agreement is a condition of his employment with the Employer.

15.7Costs and Attorneys Fees. In the event of any dispute, controversy, or other proceedings (including litigation or arbitration) arising out of or related to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reimbursement of all of its costs, including attorney and expert witness fees and costs.

15.8Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

15.9Severability. All headings and subdivisions of this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect its interpretation. In the event that any provision of this Agreement should be held unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such court is hereby authorized to amend such provision so as to be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, and all remaining provisions shall continue in full force without being impaired or invalidated in any way.

Remainder of page left intentionally blank

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer and the Employee have executed this Agreement as of

the date first set forth above.

Employer:

KIORA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: /s/ Brian M. Strem

Name: Brian M. Strem, PhD

Title: President & Chief Executive Officer

Employee:

/s/ Eric J. Daniels

Eric J. Daniels, MD, MBA
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit-102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

KIORA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, entered into as of January 10, 2025 (this Agreement), is made by and between Kiora Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Employer), and Melissa Tosca, CPA (the Employee) (Employer and Employee collectively, the Parties).

WHEREAS, the Employer desires to employ the Employee and the Employee desires to be employed by the Employer, upon and subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and the mutual promises contained herein, the Parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1.Freedom to Contract. The Employee represents that she is free to enter into this Agreement, that she has not made and will not make any agreements in conflict with this Agreement, and that she will not disclose to the Employer, or use for the Employers benefit, any trade secrets or confidential information that are the property of any other party.

2.At-Will Employment. The Employer hereby employs the Employee, and the Employee hereby accepts her employment by the Employer, subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. The Employee shall be an at-will employee, subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement. This means that Employees employment is of no definite duration and will continue only as long as both Parties consider it of mutual benefit. Notwithstanding Section 10.2 or any other provision of this Agreement, Employee or Employer are free to terminate the employment relationship at any time with or without cause and with or without notice. Although Employees job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as Employers personnel policies and procedures, may change from time-to-time, the at will nature of Employees employment may only be changed in a document signed by Employee and Employers Chief Executive Officer.

3.Effective Date and Term. The effective time of this Agreement shall be as of January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date) and such employment shall continue thereafter in full force and effect until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The obligations and agreements of the Employee pursuant to Sections 8.7, 10.2, 10.3, 11, 12, 13, and 15.6 hereof shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason. The Enterprise Effective Date (the Start Date) is September 13, 2022.

4.Title and Duties; Extent of Services.

4.1The Employee shall promote the business and affairs of the Employer as Chief Financial Officer. As Chief Financial Officer of the Employer, the Employee shall have such duties and responsibilities as may be assigned to him by the Employers President and Chief Executive Officer and its Board of Directors (the Board of Directors) from time to time and such other duties and responsibilities as are normal and customary for Chief Financial Officers. The Employee shall report and be responsible to the Chief Executive Officer. The Employee shall devote her best efforts and entire time, attention and energies to the business and affairs of the Employer. Subject to Section 4.2, unless the Employee has received the approval of the Chief Executive Officer, she shall not participate in any other business, engage in other business activities, or render services to any other business or person, as a principal, consultant, employee, or in any other capacity.

4.2During her employment, the Employee may serve on the board of directors, board of advisors, or other similar governing or advisory boards of other companies, institutions, or organizations with the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer (not to be unreasonably withheld), provided that: (i) the Employee does not use proprietary, confidential and/or trade secret information, property, assets or employees of the Employer in engaging in such activities; (ii) any such activities do not pose a conflict of interest or interfere with the Employees duties to the Employer; and (iii) any such activities are not directly or indirectly for or for the benefit of a business engaged in any commercial activity that is competitive with the Employer or otherwise in breach of the Confidentiality Agreement.

5.[Reserved]

6.Compliance with Policies. Employee acknowledges and agrees that compliance with Employers policies, practices, and procedures is a term and condition of her employment under this Agreement.

7.Location of Employment. Employee shall work out of Employees home office in San Diego County or shall work at any other location mutually agreed upon by the Employer and the Employee, provided that Employee complies with her obligations to travel regularly for business from time to time, consistent with the Employers business needs.

8.Compensation and Benefits.

8.1Salary. The Employer shall pay the Employee a gross salary at the rate of Twenty Eight Thousand Eighty Three and 33/100 Dollars ($28,083.33) per month (which annualizes to Three Hundred Thirty Seven Thousand Dollars ($337,000.00)), subject to all applicable statutory deductions and withholdings, and payable bi-weekly in arrears or otherwise in accordance with state and local law as well as the Employers normal and customary payroll practices applicable to all of its employees (Salary).

8.2Performance Bonus. The Employee shall be eligible to receive a performance bonus with respect to each fiscal year of the Employer. Payment of any such performance bonus and the amount, if any, of any such performance bonus shall be entirely at the discretion of the Board of Directors, with an annual target of up to forty percent (40%) of the Employees annual Salary (Performance Bonus). In determining the amount of any Performance Bonus to be paid to Employee, the Board of Directors shall consider the extent to which the performance criteria established between the Employee and the Board of Directors with respect to such fiscal year has been achieved. Notwithstanding anything express or implied in this Section 8.2 to the contrary, in order to be entitled to receive any performance bonus, the Employee must remain an employee of the Employer on the date that the Employer makes payment of any Performance Bonus.

8.3Medical Benefits. During the term of this Agreement, the Employee shall be entitled to participate in the health insurance plan offered or generally made available to the Employers employees, under the same terms and conditions as those offered to other, similarly situated employees of the Employer, except as otherwise provided in Section 10.2(d) hereof.

8.4Paid Time Off and Choice Leave. During the term of this Agreement, the Employee shall be entitled to paid time off and choice leave, which includes paid sick leave, consistent with the Employers policy concerning paid time off and choice leave and applicable state and local law.

8.5Other Benefits. During the term of the Employees employment with the Employer pursuant to this Agreement, the Employee shall be entitled to receive such other retirement, welfare and fringe benefits (employee benefits) as are provided by the Employer to its senior executives and/or key employees, in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the plan, agreement or arrangement representing or evidencing such benefits.

8.6Discretionary Nature of Benefits. The Employee understands that the Employer may amend, change or cancel or terminate any of its employment policies and employee benefits at any time as allowed by law or by any applicable plan, agreement or arrangement representing or evidencing such employee benefits.

8.7Taxes. All compensation and benefits (including, without limitation, any fringe benefits, bonuses, non-cash compensation, subsidies, severance pay or benefits under Article 8 and Section 10.2 hereof) payable or to be provided to the Employee shall be subject to all applicable withholding taxes, to applicable foreign, federal, state and local deductions, and to any other proper deductions.

9.Stock Options; Acceleration Upon Change of Control.

9.1The Employee shall be eligible for grants of stock options (the Options) under the Employers 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Plan), subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors. The Options shall be incentive stock options to purchase shares of the Employers common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Common Stock). The Options, if any, shall be subject to, and governed by, the terms and provisions of the Plan and stock option agreement(s) granted thereunder (Stock Option Agreements).

9.2Upon a Change of Control, all of the Employees then unvested stock options and/or restricted stock awards granted to the Employee prior to such Change of Control under the Plan, including, but not limited to, all stock options previously granted, shall become fully vested and immediately exercisable, notwithstanding any vesting schedule or other provisions to the contrary in the agreements evidencing such options or awards, and the Employer and the Employee hereby agree that such stock option agreements and restricted stock awards are hereby, and will be deemed to be, amended to give effect to this provision. For the purposes hereof, a Change of Control occurs upon (a) the closing of any merger or consolidation of the Employer with any other unrelated person or entity, or (b) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Employer to another unrelated person or entity, or (c) the sale of more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Employer to an unrelated party, such that, in each case, the transaction has been approved by the Employers stockholders, and in which the stockholders of the Employer immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or sale shall, immediately after such merger, consolidation or sale, own less than fifty percent (50%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the person or entity that is the surviving company of any such merger or consolidation, or the acquirer in the case of any such sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Employer. The provisions of this paragraph shall apply only if the Employee is actively employed by the Employer as a full time employee at the time of a Change of Control.

10.Termination.

10.1Termination Rights of the Parties. The Employer may terminate the Employees employment at any time by giving notice of termination to the Employee, whereupon, unless otherwise specified by the Employer, the date of termination of the Employees employment shall be the date on which notice of termination is given to the Employee. Upon the death of the Employee or the Employees disability such that she is unable to perform her duties as determined, in good faith, by the Chief Executive Officer, her employment shall terminate immediately upon such occurrence. Subject to Section 13, the date on which the Employees employment terminates hereunder is hereinafter referred to as the Termination Date.

10.2Employees Right to Compensation Following Termination; Severance Pay.

(a)If the Employees employment hereunder terminates for any reason whatsoever, the Employer shall pay all of her (or, in the case of death, her estate) accrued but unpaid Salary and Paid Time Off through and including the Termination Date, which amounts shall be paid to the Employee (or her estate) in a lump sum as of such Termination Date, in accordance with applicable law. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Employee shall also be entitled to such other accrued benefits for which she is eligible under the terms and conditions of the Employers employee benefit plans, stock options arrangements, and any applicable law. The accrued compensation and benefits described in this Section 10.2(a) are collectively referred to as the Accrued Benefits.

(b)If (i) the Employee voluntarily terminates her employment hereunder without Good Reason (as defined in Section 10.2(e) below) or (ii) the Employees employment hereunder terminates by reason of her death or disability or (iii) the Employer terminates the employment of the Employee, at any time, for Cause, then, other than the Accrued Benefits, neither the Employee nor her 

estate, heirs or other successors shall be entitled to severance pay or other benefits under this Agreement after the Termination Date.

(c)If the employment of the Employee is terminated by the Employer for any reason other than for Cause (as defined in Section 10.2(e) below) at any time or if the employment of the Employee is terminated by the Employee for Good Reason then, subject to Sections 10.3 and 13 and subsection (d) hereof, and in addition to the Accrued Benefits, the Employee shall be entitled to: (i) severance pay in the form of a continuation of the periodic payment of her Salary for a period of six (6) months from the Termination Date; and (ii) an amount equal to the product of (A) the maximum performance bonus, pursuant to Section 8.2, that she would have been eligible to receive for the year in which such termination occurs, multiplied by (B) 0.5, which shall be payable no later than the last installment of her severance. The continued Salary payments referred to in the foregoing clause (i) shall be made in accordance with the Employers standard payroll practices and timing as in effect from time to time.

(d)If (i) the employment of the Employee is terminated by the Employer for any reason other than for Cause, or if the employment of the Employee is terminated by the Employee for Good Reason at any time, and (ii) if the Employee elects under COBRA or an analogous state law continuation coverage under the Employers health and dental plans, then the Employer will subsidize the cost of such coverage and pay the employer portion of such coverage for a period of six (6) months from the Termination Date, under the same terms and conditions then applicable to active employees with identical coverage (COBRA Subsidy), except that the Employee must pay the employee portion for such coverage by making each monthly co-payment to the Employer, in full, no later than the first five (5) business days of any month during which such COBRA Subsidy applies. If the Employee has elected continuation coverage under COBRA or any analogous state law, then the Employee shall be responsible for all costs for any remainder of the COBRA (or analogous) period. If the Employee has, instead, elected health and dental coverage under a state exchange, then the Employee shall pay the cost of premiums for such coverage directly, subject to reimbursement by the Employer for an amount equal to the COBRA Subsidy, and the Employer shall pay any such reimbursement, in full, no later than thirty (30) days after the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Employees Termination Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (A) the amount of the COBRA Subsidy shall not exceed the dollar amount provided to similarly situated active employees of the Employer, and (B) to the extent that the Employers payment of such COBRA Subsidy to the Employee is treated as a violation of any applicable non-discrimination laws under the Affordable Care Act, then such COBRA Subsidy shall be unavailable to the Employee under this subsection and her severance under subsection (c) hereof shall be increased by an amount equal to the dollar value of the COBRA Subsidy that would have otherwise been available. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, any reimbursement of the COBRA Subsidy shall be paid to the Employee no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the COBRA expense was incurred.

(e)For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean (i) the Employees willful failure to perform her duties (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness or any protected reason under federal, state, or local law), (ii) the Employees willful failure to comply with any valid directive of the Board of Directors, (iii) the Employees engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct, or misconduct, which is, in each case, materially injurious to the Employer or its affiliates, (iv) the Employees embezzlement, misappropriation, or fraud, whether or not related to the Employees employment with the Employer, (v) the Employees conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or a crime that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, subject to applicable law, (vi) the Employees material violation of the Employers written policies or codes of conduct, or (vii) the Employees material breach of any material obligation under this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement or any other written agreement between the Employee and the Employer. For the purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean (i) the failure of the Employer to employ the Employee in her current position such that Employees duties, authority, or responsibilities are materially diminished without the Employees consent; (ii) a material reduction in the Employees aggregate Salary below the amount stipulated in Section 8.1 hereof without the Employees consent (unless such reduction is in connection with a proportional reduction in compensation to all or substantially all of the Employers officers); or (iii) a material breach by the Employer of this Agreement. The Employee cannot terminate employment for Good Reason unless the Employee 

has provided written notice to the Employer of the existence of the circumstances providing grounds for termination for Good Reason and the Employer has had at least thirty (30) calendar days from the date on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances.

(f)In the event that the employment of the Employee is terminated by the Employer for any reason other than for Cause or in the event that the Employee voluntarily terminates her employment hereunder for Good Reason, then that portion of the Employees then unvested stock options and/or restricted stock awards granted to the Employee under any Employer stock option plan which would have become vested over the three (3) month period following such termination (provided that such period shall be extended to a total of six (6) months if the Employees date of termination occurs on or after the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Start Date or at any time following a Change of Control) had the Employee continued as an employee of Employer throughout such applicable period, shall, instead, become fully vested and immediately exercisable on the Termination Date, notwithstanding any vesting schedule or other provisions to the contrary in the agreements evidencing such options or awards, and the Employer and the Employee hereby agree that such stock option agreements and restricted stock awards are hereby, and will be deemed to be, amended to give effect to this provision.

(g)The Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) she shall not be entitled to receive any compensation or benefits from the Employer with respect to any period of time after the Termination Date except to the extent any Accrued Benefits and as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 10.2.; and (ii) the Employer may set off any amounts the Employee owes the Employer against any amounts the Employer owes the Employee at the date of termination except for amounts the Employer is not entitled by law to set off. Employee agrees to execute any agreement outlining and agreeing to such an offset.

10.3 Employee Release. Any obligation of the Employer to provide the Employee severance payments or other benefits under this Agreement is expressly conditioned upon the Employee reviewing and signing (and not revoking during any applicable revocation period) a general release of claims in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Employer and to the Employee (the Release). The Employer shall provide the Employee with the Release promptly after the date on which the Employee gives or receives, as the case may be, notice of termination of the Employees employment. Payment of all severance payment or other benefits to which the Employee may be entitled after the Termination Date, other than the Accrued Benefits, shall commence after the effective date of the Release, as set forth in the Release. To the extent that the Releases effective date occurs after severance payments or other benefits may become due under Section 10.2 hereof, the payments that have accumulated between the Termination Date and before the Releases effective date will be paid in a lump sum in the first payment made after the Releases effective date.

11. Proprietary Information, Inventions and Non-Solicitation Agreement. The Employee hereby acknowledges that she has entered into the Employers standard form of Proprietary Information, Inventions and Non-Solicitation Agreement (the Confidentiality Agreement), which is incorporated herein as if reproduced in its entirety. By accepting this Agreement, the Employee hereby ratifies and accepts the terms of the Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions and Non-Solicitation Agreement and agrees to abide by its terms. 

12. Unique Nature of Agreement; Specific Enforcement. The Employer and the Employee agree and acknowledge that the rights and obligations set forth with this Agreement are of a unique and special nature and that the Employer is, therefore, without an adequate legal remedy in the event of the Employees violation of any of the covenants set forth in this Agreement. The Employer and the Employee agree, therefore, that each of the covenants made by the Employee under this Agreement shall be specifically enforceable in equity, without the need to post a bond or provide other security, in addition to all other rights and remedies, at law or in equity or otherwise (including termination of employment), that may be available to the Employer.

13. Section 409A of the Code.

13.1Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at the time of the Employees separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the Employer determines that the Employee is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then the payment of any deferred compensation hereunder shall not commence until the date that is the earlier of: (A) six (6) months and one (1) calendar day after the Employees separation from service; and (B) her death. 

13.2Any installment payments of severance or other deferred compensation under this Agreement shall be deemed a series of separate payments for purposes of section 409A of the Code.

13.3To the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, if the period for considering and executing the Release under this Agreement spans two (2) calendar years, then the severance or payment will not be made or commence until the later calendar year.

13.4Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no event shall constitute a termination of employment in this Agreement, unless such event is also a separation from service, as that term is defined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and Treasury Regulations 1.409A-3(a)(1) and 1.409A-1(h), and any references hereunder to termination of employment shall have the same meaning as separation from service, as so defined.

13.5The Parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code such that no tax is triggered thereunder. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to such compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner that all payments hereunder so comply with Section 409A of the Code. The Parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without additional tax cost to either party.

13.6The Employer makes no representation or warranty as to the compliance of this Agreement with Code Section 409A, and, other than its tax withholding obligation, the Employer shall have no liability to the Employee or any other person if any provisions of this Agreement is determined to constitute deferred compensation taxable under Section 409A of the Code. However, the Parties agree to reasonably cooperate and work together to adopt amendments to this Agreement to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code with the intent to avoid liability under Code Section 409A.

14.Treatment of Parachute Payments.

14.1Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Employer or its affiliates to the Employee or for the Employees benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (Covered Payments) constitute parachute payments (Parachute Payments) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and would, but for this Section 14, be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively, the Excise Tax), then, subject to Section 14.3, the Covered Payments shall be either:

(a)reduced to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Covered Payments is subject to the Excise Tax (that amount, the Reduced Amount); or

(b)payable in full if the Employees receipt on an after-tax basis of the full amount of payments and benefits (after taking into account the applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and excise taxes (including the Excise Tax)) would result in the Employee receiving an amount at least five percent (5%) greater than the Reduced Amount.

14.2 Any such reduction pursuant to Section 14.1 shall be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and the following:

(a)the Covered Payments which do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be reduced first; and

(b)all other Covered Payments shall then be reduced as follows: (i) cash payments shall be reduced before non-cash payments; and (ii) payments to be made on a later payment date shall be reduced before payments to be made on an earlier payment date.

14.3 Any determination required under this Section 14, including whether any payments or benefits are Parachute Payments, shall be made by the Employer in its reasonable discretion. The Employee shall provide the Employer with such information and documents as the Employer may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 14. The Employers determination shall be final and binding on the Employee.

15.Miscellaneous.

15.1Equal Employment Opportunity. The Employer is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing a work environment that is free of discrimination. In keeping with this commitment, we maintain a strict policy prohibiting unlawful discrimination based on race (including traits typically associated with race such as certain hairstyles), color, creed, religion (includes religious dress and grooming practices), sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and/or related medical conditions), reproductive health decisions, gender identity and/or gender expression (including, without limitation, transgender, transsexualism, non-binary, gender non-conforming), marital status, sexual orientation, age (40 and over), national origin (including language use and possession of a drivers license issued to persons unable to prove their presence in the United States as authorized under federal law), citizenship, immigration status, military or veteran status, physical handicap, disability (physical and mental, including HIV and AIDS), medical condition, genetic characteristic or information, ancestry, the use of cannabis off the job and away from the workplace, or based on any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state, or local laws. This commitment applies to all personnel decisions and to all persons involved in our operations, including volunteers and interns. The Employer prohibits discrimination not just on the basis of individual protected characteristics, but also on the basis of the intersectionality (combination) of two or more protected traits. Employee is expressly prohibited from discriminating against, retaliating against, or harassing any employee, customer, contractor, or intern of the Employer. Employee must treat all individuals working for or on behalf of the Employer respectfully and appropriately.

15.2Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement, and the Stock Option Agreements shall represent the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the arrangements contemplated hereby. No prior agreement, whether written or oral, shall be construed to change, amend, alter, repeal or invalidate this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed in one or more counterparts by the Parties.

15.3Waiver. No consent to or waiver of any breach or default in the performance of any obligations hereunder shall be deemed or construed to be a consent to or waiver of any other breach or default in the performance of any of the same or any other obligations hereunder. Failure on the part of either Party to complain of any act or failure 

to act of the other Party or to declare the other Party in default, irrespective of the duration of such failure, shall not constitute a waiver of rights hereunder and no waiver hereunder shall be effective unless it is in writing, executed by the Party waiving the breach or default hereunder.

15.4Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns and, in the case of the Employee, her heirs. This Agreement may be assigned by the Employer to any Affiliate of the Employer and to a successor of its business (whether by purchase or otherwise). Affiliate of the Employer means any person which, directly or indirectly, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Employer and, for the purposes of this definition, control (including the terms controlled by and under common control with) shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of another, whether through the ownership of voting securities, the holding of office in another, by contract, or otherwise. The Employee may not assign or transfer any or all of her rights or obligations under this Agreement.

15.5Disputes. In case of any dispute hereunder, the Parties will submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any court of competent jurisdiction sitting in County of San Diego, California, and will comply with all requirements necessary to give such court jurisdiction over the Parties and the controversy. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to that State's choice of law rules.

15.6Independent Review and Advice. By signing her name below, the Employee expressly acknowledges that she has read this Agreement, has had the opportunity to ask Employer representatives questions about it, has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney of her choice (at her own expense) before signing it, and understands the contents of this Agreement. The Employee further agrees that signing this Agreement is a condition of her employment with the Employer.

15.7Costs and Attorneys Fees. In the event of any dispute, controversy, or other proceedings (including litigation or arbitration) arising out of or related to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reimbursement of all of its costs, including attorney and expert witness fees and costs.

15.8Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

15.9Severability. All headings and subdivisions of this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect its interpretation. In the event that any provision of this Agreement should be held unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such court is hereby authorized to amend such provision so as to be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, and all remaining provisions shall continue in full force without being impaired or invalidated in any way.

Remainder of page left intentionally blank

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer and the Employee have executed this Agreement as of

the date first set forth above.

Employer:

KIORA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: /s/ Brian M. Strem

Name: Brian M. Strem, PhD

Title: President & Chief Executive Officer

Employee:

/s/ Melissa Tosca

Melissa Tosca, CPA
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>kprx-20250110.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>kprx-20250110_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>kprx-20250110_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 10, 2025

Entity Registrant Name KIORA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-0443284

Entity File Number 001-36672

Entity Address, Address Line One 332 Encinitas Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 102

Entity Address, City or Town Encinitas

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92024

City Area Code 858

Local Phone Number 224-9600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol KPRX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001372514

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.eyegatepharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

kprx-20250110.htm 
kprx-20250110.xsd 
kprx-20250110_lab.xml 
kprx-20250110_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001372514-25-000003-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>kprx-20250110_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001372514 

2025-01-10 
2025-01-10 

0001372514 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-10 
KIORA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
DE 
001-36672 
98-0443284 
332 Encinitas Blvd. 
Suite 102 
Encinitas 
CA 
92024 
858 
224-9600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
KPRX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>