<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-005540.txt : 20250123
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-005540.hdr.sgml : 20250123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123130631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-005540
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250122
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stone Point Credit Income Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002031283
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01783
		FILM NUMBER:		25548993

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 HORSENECK LANE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-862-2900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 HORSENECK LANE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254158d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 22, 2025 

Stone
Point Credit Income Fund

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

delaware 814-01783 99-6894706

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification Number)

20 Horseneck Lane

Greenwich, Connecticut 06830

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code)

(203) 862-2900

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On January 22, 2025, SPCIF Funding I LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the SPV) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Stone Point Credit Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company),
entered into a senior secured credit facility (the Credit Facility) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (JPM).
JPM serves as administrative agent, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, serves as collateral agent, securities
intermediary and collateral administrator, and Stone Point Credit Income Adviser LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, serves as
portfolio manager under the Credit Facility. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in
the Credit Facility.

The initial committed amount of the Credit Facility at closing is $250
million (Effective Date Financing Commitment), and after July 22, 2025 (Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date),
subject to the satisfaction of applicable conditions, will increase in an amount equal to $250 million (Scheduled Financing Commitment)
for a total committed amount of $500 million. The Credit Facility has an additional discretionary accordion feature, subject to JPMs
consent and the satisfaction of applicable conditions, which could increase total commitments under the Credit Facility to up to $1 billion.
All amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility must be repaid by January 22, 2030.

Advances under the Credit Facility bear interest at a per annum rate
equal to: (a) in the case of Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable Reference Rate and (b) in the case of
Advances denominated in USD, the Term SOFR Rate plus, in each case, the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on Schedule 1 of the
Credit Facility (Transaction Schedule). For any day on which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances
is less than the applicable Minimum Funding Amount, then the SPV shall owe the Lenders interest on the amount of such difference at a
per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin set forth on the Transaction Schedule minus the per annum rate payable in respect of unused
commitment fees.

The SPV paid and will pay, as applicable, an unused commitment fee
(a) with respect to the Effective Date Financing Commitment (as defined herein) of (i) initially, to but excluding April 22, 2025, 0.35%
per annum, (ii) from April 22, 2025 to, but excluding October 22, 2025, 0.50% per annum, and (iii) from October 22, 2025 and thereafter,
0.60% per annum, on the average daily unused facility amount of each lender with respect to each tranche during the period from and including
the date of the Credit Facility to but excluding the last day of January 22, 2029; and (b) with respect to the Scheduled Financing Commitment,
(i) until the day that is three (3) months after the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date, 0.35% per annum, (ii) for the period
from the date described in the foregoing clause (i) to, but excluding, the date that is nine (9) months after such Scheduled Financing
Commitment Increase Date, 0.50% per annum and (iii) thereafter, 0.60% per annum.

The SPVs obligations to the lenders under the Credit Facility
are secured by, inter alia, (a) all of the SPVs portfolio investments, and accounts for receiving payments in respect of the SPVs
portfolio investments, (b) the uncalled capital commitments of the SPVs sole member, the Company, and related capital call rights
and accounts of the SPV, and (c) the SPVs right, title and interest in the Company Collateral. The Company Collateral
consists of (a) the uncalled capital commitments of the Companys investors and related capital call rights and accounts of the
Company, and (b) the Companys right, title and interest in the Feeder Collateral. The Feeder Collateral consists
of (a) the uncalled capital commitments of the Feeder Funds (as defined below) investors, the related capital call rights and accounts
of Stone Point Credit Income Feeder Fund, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (the Feeder Fund), and (b)
the related capital call rights of the Feeder Funds general partner, Stone Point Credit Corporation Feeder GP, L.P., a Cayman Islands
exempted limited partnership. The obligations of the SPV under the Credit Facility are non-recourse to the Company, and the Companys
exposure under the Credit Facility is limited to the Companys uncalled capital commitments to the SPV and the Company Collateral.

In connection with the Credit Facility, the SPV has made certain customary
representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements
for similar facilities. The Credit Facility contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions, including if a change
of control of the SPV occurs. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, JPM may declare the outstanding
advances and all other obligations under the Credit Facility immediately due and payable.

The occurrence of an event of default (as described above) or a Market
Value Event (as defined in the Credit Facility) triggers a requirement that the SPV obtain the consent of JPM prior to entering into any
sale or disposition with respect to portfolio assets, and the occurrence of a Market Value Event triggers the right of JPM to direct the
SPV to enter into sales or dispositions with respect to any portfolio assets, in each case in JPMs sole discretion.

The foregoing description of the Credit Facility does not purport to
be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Credit Facility, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form
8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of the Registrant. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form
8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. Description

10.1* Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2025, among SPCIF Funding I LLC, as borrower; Stone Point Credit Income Adviser LLC, as portfolio manager; The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, securities intermediary, and collateral administrator; and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender. 

*Schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item
601 of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted schedules to the SEC upon its request.

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Stone Point Credit Income Fund

Dated: January 23, 2025 By: /s/ Gene Basov 

Name: Gene Basov

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254158d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Certain portions of this exhibit have been
omitted in accordance with Item 

601(b)(10)(vi) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy

of this exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request.

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

dated as of

January 22, 2025

among

SPCIF Funding I LLC, as Company

Stone Point Credit Income Fund, as Parent

The Lenders Party Hereto

The Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent
and Securities Intermediary Party Hereto

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrative Agent

and

STONE POINT CREDIT INCOME ADVISER LLC,

as Portfolio Manager

Table of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS

SECTION 1.01. Purchases of Portfolio Investments 42

SECTION 1.02. Procedures for Purchases and Related Advances 43

SECTION 1.03. Conditions to Purchases 43

SECTION 1.04. Sales of Portfolio Investments 44

SECTION 1.05. Certain Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments 47

SECTION 1.06. Currency Equivalents 47

SECTION 1.07. Additional Equity Contributions 47

SECTION 1.08. Substitution 48

ARTICLE II

THE Advances

SECTION 2.01. Financing Commitments 48

SECTION 2.02. Advances; Use of Proceeds 48

SECTION 2.03. Conditions to Effective Date 50

SECTION 2.04. Conditions to Advances 52

SECTION 2.05. Commitment Increase Option 53

SECTION 2.06. Replacement of Lenders 54

ARTICLE III

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE Advances

SECTION 3.01. The Advances 54

SECTION 3.02. Interest Rate Unascertainable, Inadequate or Unfair 58

SECTION 3.03. Taxes 60

ARTICLE IV

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS

SECTION 4.01. Interest Proceeds 63

SECTION 4.02. Principal Proceeds 63

SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee 64

SECTION 4.04. MV Cure Account 65

SECTION 4.05. Priority of Payments 66

SECTION 4.06. Payments Generally 67

SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments 69

ARTICLE V

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER

SECTION 5.01. Appointment and Duties of the Portfolio Manager 70

SECTION 5.02. Portfolio Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc. 71

SECTION 5.03. Indemnification 71

- ii -

ARTICLE VI

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

SECTION 6.01. Representations and Warranties 72

SECTION 6.02. Covenants of the Company and the Portfolio Manager 75

SECTION 6.03. Amendments of Portfolio Investments, Etc. 85

ARTICLE VII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

ARTICLE VIII

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control 88

SECTION 8.02. Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery 90

ARTICLE IX

THE AGENTS

SECTION 9.01. Appointment of Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 94

SECTION 9.02. Additional Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator 100

SECTION 9.03. Lender ERISA Representations and Covenants 104

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.01. Non-Petition; Limited Recourse 105

SECTION 10.02. Notices 105

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver 106

SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff 107

SECTION 10.05. Amendments 108

SECTION 10.06. Successors; Assignments 108

SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc. 110

SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation 110

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT Act 111

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts 111

SECTION 10.11. Headings 111

SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 112

SECTION 10.13. Confidentiality 113

SECTION 10.14. Exempted Limited Partnership 114

- iii -

Schedules

Schedule 1 Transaction Schedule

Schedule 2 Contents of Notices of Acquisition

Schedule 3 Eligibility Criteria

Schedule 4 Concentration Limitations

Schedule 5 Initial Portfolio Investments

Schedule 6 GICs Industry Classifications

Schedule 7 Form of Partial PIK Obligations Notifications

Schedule 8 Investors

Exhibits

Exhibit A Form of Request for Advance

Exhibit B Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit C Form of Borrowing Base Certificate

Exhibit D-1 Form of Feeder Acknowledgment and Confirmation

Exhibit D-2 Form of Parent Acknowledgment and Confirmation

Exhibit E-1 Form of Feeder Security Agreement

Exhibit E-2 Form of Parent Security Agreement

LOAN
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT dated as of January 22, 2025 (this Agreement) among SPCIF FUNDING I LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Company); Stone Point
Credit Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Parent); STONE POINT CREDIT INCOME ADVISER LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the Portfolio Manager); the Lenders party hereto; THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacities as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent) and collateral
administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator); THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as securities intermediary (in such capacity, the Securities Intermediary); and JPMORGAN
CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

The Portfolio Manager and the
Company wish for the Company to acquire or originate and finance certain corporate loans and other corporate debt securities (the Portfolio
Investments), all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

Furthermore,
the Company intends to enter into (i) a Master Participation and Assignment Agreement (the Participation Agreement),
dated on or about the date hereof, between the Company and CW Point LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Unaffiliated
Seller), pursuant to which the Company shall acquire Portfolio Investments from the Unaffiliated Seller and (ii) a Loan
Sale and Contribution Agreement (the Sale Agreement), dated on or about the date hereof, between the Company and
the Parent (in such capacity, the Parent Seller), pursuant to which the Company shall, from time to time, acquire
Portfolio Investments from the Parent Seller.

On and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (JPMCB) and its respective successors
and permitted assigns (together with JPMCB, the Lenders) have agreed to make advances to the Company (Advances)
hereunder to the extent specified on the transaction schedule attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the Transaction Schedule).

Accordingly, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

Certain Defined Terms and Rules of Construction

Account
Control Agreements means, (i) the Securities Account Control Agreement, dated January 22, 2025 (the
Securities Account Control Agreement), among the Company, the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary, (ii) the
Deposit Account Control Agreement, dated January 22, 2025 (the U.S. Bank Deposit Account Control Agreement),
among the Parent, the Collateral Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as account bank and (iii) the Deposit Account Control
Agreement, dated January 22, 2025 (the BNY Deposit Account Control Agreement), among the Feeder Fund, the Collateral
Agent and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as account bank.

Acknowledgment and Confirmation
means each of (i) the Feeder Acknowledgment and Confirmation and (ii) the Parent Acknowledgment and Confirmation.

Additional Distribution
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

Adjusted Applicable
Margin means the stated Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule plus 2% per annum.

Administrative Agent
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

- 2 - 

Advances
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Adverse Proceeding
means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration (whether
or not purportedly on behalf of the Company) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, whether pending, active
or, to the Companys or the Portfolio Managers knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Company or the Portfolio Manager
or their respective property that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such former
Person but, which shall not, with respect to the Company, include the obligors under any Portfolio Investment. For the purposes of this
definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (i) to vote more than 50% of the securities having ordinary
voting power for the election of directors of any such Person or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

Affiliate Portfolio Investment
means any Portfolio Investment sold and/or contributed by the Parent Seller to the Company pursuant to the Sale Agreement.

Affiliate Purchased Investment Balance
means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate principal balance of all Affiliate Portfolio Investments
acquired by the Company from the Parent Seller prior to such date minus (b) the aggregate principal balance of all Affiliate
Portfolio Investments repurchased by the Parent Seller or an Affiliate thereof or released to the Parent as a distribution prior to such
date.

Agent has
the meaning set forth in Section 9.01.

Agent Business Day
means any day on which commercial banks settle payments in each of New York City and the city in which the corporate trust office of the
Collateral Agent is located (which shall initially be Houston, Texas).

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Amendment
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03.

Anti-Corruption Laws
means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company from time to time concerning or relating to bribery
or corruption.

Applicable Borrowing
Base means on any date of determination the lesser of (i) the Hybrid Borrowing Base and (ii) the Capped Borrowing
Base, in each case, as of such date.

Applicable Commitment
Fee Rate has the meaning set forth in the Effective Date Letter.

Applicable Law
means, for any Person, all existing and future laws, rules, regulations (including temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes,
treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Governmental Authority applicable to
such Person and applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative,
judicial, or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction applicable to or with jurisdiction over such Person (as the case
may be).

- 3 - 

Applicable Margin
means, for each Advance, the amount specified on the Transaction Schedule as the Applicable Margin for Advances.

Applicable Requirement
means, for any Rated Investor, maintenance of a Rating that is the higher of (i) BBB/Baa2 and (ii) not more than two (2) notches
below such Rated Investors Rating as of the date of its initial designation as an Included Investor. In the case of clause
(i)above, the first Rating indicated is the S&P Rating and the second Rating indicated is the Moodys Rating. 
In the event that the Ratings are not equivalent, the Applicable Requirement shall be based on the lowest of the Ratings. If any
Person has only one Rating, then that Rating shall apply.

Assignment and Assumption
means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by
Section 10.06), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit B or any other form (including electronic records
generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.

Asset Advance Rate
means (i) during the Extended Ramp-Up Period, 57.5% and (ii) following the Extended Ramp-Up Period, (x) during Stage 1,
60%, (y) during Stage 2, 57.5%, and (z) during Stage 3, 62%.

Asset Borrowing Base
means on any date of determination, the product of (i) the Asset Advance Rate and (ii) the Net Asset Value as of such date.

Asset LTV Cap
means 66.7%.

AUD means
Australian Dollars.

AUD Screen Rate
means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance in AUD, the average bid reference rate administered by the Australian Financial
Markets Association (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for Australian dollar bills of exchange with
a tenor equal to one month or three months, as applicable, as displayed on page BBSY of the Reuters screen (or, in the event such
rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the
appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from
time to time in its reasonable discretion) at or about 11:00 a.m. (Sydney, Australia time) two (2) Business Days prior to the
commencement of such Calculation Period. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the AUD Screen Rate for such
Calculation Period shall be deemed to be the rate (which shall not be less than zero) at which AUD deposits in an amount corresponding
to the amount of such Advance and for the applicable maturity are offered in the Sydney interbank market in immediately available funds
at such time (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its commercially reasonable discretion). Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing
to the contrary, if the AUD Screen Rate as calculated for any purpose under this Agreement is below zero percent, the AUD Screen Rate
will be deemed to be zero percent for such purpose until such time as it exceeds zero percent again.

Available Tenor
means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or
payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length
of a Calculation Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark
that is then-removed from the definition of Calculation Period pursuant to clause (f) of Section 3.02.

- 4 - 

Bankruptcy Event
means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding,
or has had a receiver, conservator, liquidator, provisional liquidator, trustee, administrator, restructuring officer, custodian, assignee
for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization, liquidation or provisional liquidation of its business
appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent and the Company, has taken any action in furtherance
of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief
in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership
interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless
such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from
the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality)
to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.

Base Obligor Limitations
has the meaning set forth in Schedule 4.

Base Rate
means, for any day, (i) with respect to USD denominated Advances, a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Prime
Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.5%, (ii) with respect
to CAD denominated Advances, the Canadian Prime Rate and (iii) with respect to any Euro or GBP denominated Advances, the annual rate
of interest announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent (or an affiliate thereof) as being its reference rate then in effect
for determining interest rates on commercial loans made by it in the United Kingdom (with respect to Advances denominated in GBP) or the
Euro Zone (with respect to Advances denominated in Euros). Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal
Funds Effective Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate or a rate specified in clause (iii) above shall be effective from and including the
effective date of such change as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. In the event that any applicable Base Rate is below
zero percent at any time during the term of this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be zero percent until it exceeds zero percent again.

Base
Rate Advance means, on any date of determination, any Advance denominated in any Currency that bears interest at the applicable
Base Rateplus the Applicable Margin for Advances (or the Adjusted Applicable Margin, as applicable).

Benchmark
means, with respect to Advances in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, initially, the applicable Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant
to clause (b) of Section 3.02.

Benchmark
Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected
by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding
Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining
such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark
rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time
and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;.

If the Benchmark Replacement
as determined above would be less than 0% per annum, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0% per annum for the purposes of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

- 5 - 

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement for any applicable Calculation Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that
has been selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and in consultation with the Company for the applicable Corresponding
Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental
Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency.

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational
changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition
of Calculation Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests
or prepayment or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative
or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides, in its reasonable discretion and in consultation with the Company, may
be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the
Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines, in consultation with
the Company, that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration
as the Administrative Agent determines, in its reasonable discretion and in consultation with the Company, is necessary in connection
with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Benchmark
Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to
such then-current Benchmark:

(1) in the case of clause
(1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof);

(2) in the case of clause
(3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information
referenced therein.

For the avoidance of doubt,
(i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in
respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination
and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence
of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof).

- 6 - 

Benchmark
Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect
to such then-current Benchmark:

(a)a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is
no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(b)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component)
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component),
which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of
such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication,
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(c)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer
representative.

For the avoidance of doubt,
a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication
of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark
Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that
a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes
hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.02 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement
has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.02.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan
means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan
as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42)
or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan
or plan.

Bond means
a publicly issued or privately placed debt obligation of a corporation or other entity (other than a Loan).

Borrowing Base Certificate
means a certificate in the form of Exhibit C.

- 7 - 

Borrowing Base Default
means an event that shall have occurred if on any date of determination the Borrowing Base Ratio is greater than 120%.

Borrowing Base Ratio
means, as of any date of calculation, the ratio of (a) the Net Advances to (b) the Applicable Borrowing Base, in each case,
as of such date.

Borrowing Base Test
means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if Net Advances are less than or equal to the Applicable Borrowing Base,
in each case as of such date as calculated by the Administrative Agent.

Business Day
means any day on which commercial banks are open in each of New York City and the city in which the corporate trust office of the Collateral
Agent is located (which shall initially be Houston, Texas); provided that (i) with respect to any SONIA related provisions
herein or the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated in GBP, Business Day shall be deemed to exclude
any day on which banks are required or authorized to be closed in London, England, (ii) with respect to any provisions herein relating
to the setting of EURIBOR or the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated in Euros, Business Day shall be deemed to exclude
any day on which banks are required or authorized to be closed in London, England or which is not a TARGET2 Settlement Day, (iii) with
respect to any CAD related provisions herein or the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated in CAD, Business Day shall
be deemed to exclude any day on which banks are required or authorized to be closed in Toronto, Canada and (iv) with respect to any
AUD related provisions herein or the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated in AUD, Business Day shall be deemed to
exclude any day on which banks are required or authorized to be closed in Sydney, Australia.

CAD means
Canadian dollars.

Calculation Period
means the quarterly period from and including the date on which the first Advance is made hereunder to but excluding the first Calculation
Period Start Date following the date of such Advance and each successive quarterly period from and including a Calculation Period Start
Date to but excluding the immediately succeeding Calculation Period Start Date (or, in the case of the last Calculation Period, if the
last Calculation Period does not end on the last calendar day of March, June, September or December, the period from and including
the related Calculation Period Start Date to but excluding the Maturity Date).

Calculation
Period Start Date means the first calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year (or, if any such
date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day), commencing in April 2025.

Canadian
Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the rate
equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate published by Bloomberg Financial Markets Commodities News (or any successor to or substitute for such
service, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided by such service, as determined by the Administrative Agent from
time to time) at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day and (ii) Term CORRA, plus 1% per annum. Any change in the Canadian Prime
Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or Term CORRA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the
PRIMCAN Index or Term CORRA, respectively.

Capital Call
means a call by the Company or any Pledgor upon all or any of its Investors for payment of all or any portion of their Unfunded Capital
Commitments.

- 8 - 

Capital Call Confirmation
Package means, with respect to any Market Value Trigger Event or Event of Default, the following documents, agreements and
notices:

(a)a
written notice from the Pledgors (A) containing representations and covenants by each Pledgor that (1) it has called capital
or directed the fund administrator to call capital, as applicable, from its Investors in the aggregate amount specified therein, to be
funded no later than the tenth (10th) Business Day following delivery of such Capital Call; (2) such Pledgor will, as
soon as practicable thereafter but no later than the conclusion of the applicable Extended Cure Period or period provided pursuant to
Section 8.02(c), as applicable, fund directly into the MV Cure Account the amount of such Capital Contribution and (3) such
Capital Calls have been made in compliance with the applicable Constituent Documents (including that each such Investor has Unfunded Capital
Commitments at least equal to the amount of the Capital Call made on such Investor, which are available for the purpose contemplated hereby);
(B) containing covenants by the Pledgor (i) not to rescind or modify such Capital Calls, (ii) not to permit any lien on
such Capital Calls or the proceeds thereof other than Liens under the Loan Documents and Permitted Liens set forth in clause (e) in
the definition thereof, (iii) not to use the proceeds of such Capital Calls for any purpose other than being deposited into the MV
Cure Account in accordance herewith or otherwise in accordance with this Agreement, (iv) to direct payment of proceeds of such Capital
Calls to the Administrative Agent following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under clauses (d) or
(e) of Article VII hereof, and (v) to immediately inform the Administrative Agent if such Pledgor has received
written notice that the relevant Capital Commitments will not be timely satisfied and (C) attaching a copy of a representative Capital
Call Notice issued to an Investor and containing the aggregate amount of capital called from all Investors; and

(b)a
copy of the most recent quarterly or annual financial statements for the applicable Pledgor, together with a representation from a Responsible
Officer of such Pledgor that such financial statements fairly present, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition (as of the date
thereof) of such Pledgor.

Capital Call Notice
means any Drawdown Notice (or substantially similar term) as defined in the Constituent Documents of the Company or the
applicable Pledgor, or any other notice sent to an Investor for the purpose of making a Capital Call.

Capital Commitment means the
capital commitment of the Investors to the Company or the applicable Pledgor in the amount set forth in the applicable Constituent Documents
or the applicable Subscription Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, Capital Commitment, as such term or equivalent
term is defined in the Constituent Documents, but excluding the Capital Commitment of any Investor which a Pledgor intends for such Investor
to fully fund on or before the last business day of the month of such Investors respective closing.

Capital Contribution
means, in respect of any Investor, any capital contribution or other funding made by such Investor in the Company or a Pledgor in response
to a Capital Call.

Capital Return Certification
means the delivery of an updated Borrowing Base Certificate which includes, in the calculation of the Borrowing Base, information setting
forth the amount of Returned Capital distributed to each Investor, along with a certification by a Responsible Officer of the applicable
Pledgor that such amounts have been returned to the Investors and are recallable as Capital Contributions pursuant to the applicable Constituent
Documents.

Capital Return Notice
means a written notice delivered to an Investor by or on behalf of any Pledgor for the purpose of making a return of capital pursuant
to the applicable Constituent Documents.

- 9 - 

Capped Borrowing Base
means on any date of determination: (i) prior to the Transition Date, the sum of (a) the lesser of (x) the UCC Borrowing
Base as of such date and (y) the product of (1) 25% and (2) the Financing Commitment as of such date and (b) the product
of (x) the Asset LTV Cap and (y) the Net Asset Value as of such date and (ii) thereafter, the product of (a) the Asset
LTV Cap and (b) the Net Asset Value as of such date.

Cash Equivalents
means in respect of each USD Collateral Account, any of the following: (i) marketable securities (A) issued or directly and
unconditionally guaranteed as to interest and principal by the United States government or (B) issued by any agency of the United
States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year after
such date; (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state
or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing within one year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition
thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iii) commercial paper
maturing no more than three months from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at
least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iv) certificates of deposit, bank deposit
products or bankers acceptances maturing within three months after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any commercial
bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia that (A) is at least
adequately capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary federal banking regulator) and (B) has Tier 1
capital (as defined in such regulations) of not less than U.S.$1,000,000,000; (v) shares of any money market mutual fund that (A) has
substantially all of its assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above,
(B) has net assets of not less than U.S.$5,000,000,000, and (C) has the highest rating obtainable from either S&P or Moodys;
and (vi) cash; provided that Cash Equivalents may include investments for which The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
National Association or an Affiliate acts as offeror or provides services and receives compensation therefor.

For the avoidance of doubt,
there are no Cash Equivalents (or Eligible Investments) in respect of Euros, AUD, GBP or CAD.

Change in Law
means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule,
regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation
or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether
or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning
liquidity and capital adequacy issued by any United States regulatory authority (i) under or in connection with the implementation
of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and (ii) in connection with the implementation of the recommendations
of the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or
similar authority) shall be deemed to have occurred after the date of this Agreement for purposes of this definition, regardless of the
date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented.

Change of Control
means an event or series of events by which (a) the Parent or its Affiliates, collectively, (i) shall cease to possess, directly
or indirectly, the right to elect or appoint (through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) managers that at all times
have a majority of the votes of the board of managers (or similar governing body) of the Company or to direct the management policies
and decisions of the Company or the Feeder General Partner or (ii) shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally
and beneficially all of the equity interests of the Company or the Feeder General Partner, (b) Stone Point Credit Income Adviser
LLC or its Affiliates shall cease to be the investment adviser of the Parent or the Feeder Fund, (c) Stone Point Credit Income Adviser
LLC shall cease to be an Affiliate of Stone Point Capital LLC, (d) the Feeder General Partner or an Affiliate shall cease to be the
sole general partner of the Feeder Fund, or (e) the Ultimate Feeder General Partner or an Affiliate shall cease to be the general
partner of the Feeder General Partner.

- 10 - 

Charges
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.

CIMA means
the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority.

CME Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term SOFR (or a successor administrator).

Code means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collateral
means the Company Collateral and the Pledgor Collateral.

Collateral Accounts
means the Company Collateral Accounts and the Pledgor Collateral Accounts.

Collateral Administrator
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Collateral Agent
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Collateral
Documents means the Security Agreements, the Acknowledgements and Confirmations, the Account Control Agreements, financing
statements, assignments, collateral assignments, and other documents and instruments from time to time executed and delivered pursuant
to this Agreement or any Security Agreement and any documents or instruments amending or supplementing the same.

Collateral Principal
Amount means on any date of determination (A) the aggregate principal balance of the Portfolio, including the unfunded
balance of any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, as of such date plus (B) the amounts on deposit in the Company
Collateral Accounts (including cash and Eligible Investments) representing Principal Proceeds as of such date minus (C) the
aggregate principal balance of all Ineligible Investments as of such date.

Collection
Account means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and
any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Commitment Increase
Date means the effective date (which shall be a Business Day) of an increase of the Financing Commitments in accordance with
Section 2.05 pursuant to a Commitment Increase Request which the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) approves in writing
(which may be by email). For the avoidance of date, the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date is not a Commitment Increase Date.

Commitment Increase
Request means, on any date during the Reinvestment Period, the request of the Company in writing (which may be by email) to
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for an increase of the Financing Commitments pursuant to Section 2.05.

Company
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

- 11 - 

Company Collateral
Accounts has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a).

Competitor
means any (a) fund who devotes a significant portion of its business resources on credit lending, (b) fund investing in private
credit investments or an Affiliate thereof or (c) activist hedge fund or an Affiliate thereof. For avoidance of doubt, no bank, broker
dealer, or insurance company will be considered a Competitor.

Concentration Limitation
Excess means, on any date of determination, without duplication, all or the portion of the principal amount of any Portfolio
Investment (other than any Ineligible Investment) that exceeds any Concentration Limitation as of such date; provided that the
Portfolio Manager shall select in its sole discretion which Portfolio Investment(s) constitute part of the Concentration Limitation
Excess; provided further that if the Portfolio Manager does not so select any Portfolio Investment(s), the applicable portion of
the Portfolio Investment(s) determined by the Administrative Agent shall make up the Concentration Limitation Excess.

Concentration Limitations
has the meaning set forth in Schedule 4.

Connection Income
Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise
Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Constituent
Documents means (i) the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of January 22,
2025, any Subscription Agreement, Side Letter, or other equivalent governing document in the applicable jurisdiction of the Company, as
the same may be further amended, restated, modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms hereof; whether the context may require;
(ii) the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, dated as of September 17, 2024, the certificate or articles of incorporation,
any Subscription Agreement, Side Letter, or other equivalent governing document in the applicable jurisdiction of the Parent, as the same
may be further amended, restated, modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms hereof; where the context may require; (iii) the
Second Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025, any Subscription Agreement, Side
Letter, the section 9 statement dated 29 October 2024, its certificate of registration dated 29 October 2024 and/or other equivalent
governing document in the applicable jurisdiction of the Feeder Fund, as the same may be further amended, restated, modified or supplemented
in accordance with the terms hereof; where the context may require; (iv) the amended and restated exempted limited partnership agreement
dated 2 January 2024 of the Feeder General Partner, the section 9 statement dated 27 November 2023 and the certificate of registration
dated 27 November 2023, in each case as the same may be further amended, restated, modified or supplemented in accordance with the
terms hereof; where the context may require; and (v) the certificate of incorporation of the Ultimate Feeder General Partner dated
22 April 2005, the memorandum and articles of association of the Ultimate Feeder General Partner dated 22 April 2005, the register
of directors and officers of the Ultimate Feeder General Partner and the register of mortgages and charges of the Ultimate Feeder General
Partner, in each case as the same may be further amended, restated, modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms hereof; where
the context may require.

Constituent Document
Material Amendment has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(kk).

CORRA means
the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor administrator).

- 12 - 

Corresponding Tenor
with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately
the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

Credit
Provider means a Person providing a guaranty of the obligations of an Investor to make Capital Contributions to applicable
Pledgor under the applicable Constituent Document, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.

Credit Risk Party
or Credit Risk Parties has the meaning set forth in Article VII.

Currency
means USD and each Permitted Non-USD Currency.

Currency Shortfall
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.06(b).

Custodial
Account means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and
any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Daily Simple SONIA
means, for each day during any Calculation Period, SONIA, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established
by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended
by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SONIA for business loans, as determined for such day at approximately
11:00 a.m., London time, on the immediately preceding Business Day. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then Daily
Simple SONIA for such day shall be the rate (which shall not be less than zero) at which GBP deposits in an amount corresponding to the
amount of such Advance are offered by the principal London office of the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds in the London
interbank market. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if Daily Simple SONIA as calculated for any purpose under
this Agreement is below zero percent, Daily Simple SONIA will be deemed to be zero percent for such purpose until such time as it exceeds
zero percent again.

Default
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

Defaulting Lender
means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund
any portion of its Advances or (ii) pay over any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause
(i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith
determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been
satisfied, (b) has notified the Administrative Agent in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend
or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such
position is based on such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the
particular default, if any) to funding under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits
to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, acting in good faith,
to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially
able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Advances under this Agreement; provided that such Lender shall cease to be a
Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Administrative Agents receipt of such certification in form and substance
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action.

- 13 - 

Delayed Funding Term
Loan means any Loan that (a) requires the holder thereof to make one or more future advances to the obligor pursuant to
the Underlying Instruments relating thereto, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on or prior to one or more fixed
dates, and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the obligor thereunder; but, for the avoidance
of doubt, any such Loan will be a Delayed Funding Term Loan only until all commitments by the holders thereof to make such future advances
to the obligor thereon expire or are terminated or reduced to zero.

Deliver
(and its correlative forms) means the taking of the following steps by the Company, any Pledgor or the Portfolio Manager:

(1)except
as provided in clauses (3) or (4) below, in the case of Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments and amounts on deposit
in the Collateral Accounts, by (x) causing the Securities Intermediary to indicate by book entry that a financial asset comprised
thereof has been credited to the applicable Collateral Account and (y) causing the Securities Intermediary to agree, pursuant to
the Securities Account Control Agreement, that it will comply with entitlement orders originated by the Collateral Agent with respect
to each such security entitlement without further consent by the Company or any Pledgor, as applicable;

(2)in
the case of each general intangible, by notifying the obligor thereunder of the security interest of the Collateral Agent (except to the
extent that the requirement for consent by any person to the pledge hereunder or transfer thereof to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative
Agent is rendered ineffective under Section 9-406 of the UCC, no such requirement for consent exists in the applicable Underlying
Instruments or such consent has otherwise been obtained);

(3)in
the case of Portfolio Investments consisting of money or instruments (the Possessory Collateral) that do not constitute
a financial asset forming the basis of a security entitlement delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to clause (1) above, by
causing (x) the Collateral Agent to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in a State of the United States that has adopted
Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code (any such State, an Eligible State) or (y) a Person other than
the Company and a securities intermediary (A)(I) to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in an Eligible State, and (II) to
then authenticate a record acknowledging that it holds possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the Collateral Agent
or (B)(I) to authenticate a record acknowledging that it will take possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the
Collateral Agent and (II) to then acquire possession of such Possessory Collateral in an Eligible State;

(4)in
the case of any account which constitutes a deposit account under Article 9 of the UCC, by causing the Securities Intermediary
or the financial institution maintaining such account to continuously identify in its books and records the security interest of the Collateral
Agent in such account and, except as may be expressly provided herein to the contrary, establishing dominion and control over such account
in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to an Account Control Agreement;

(5)in
all cases, by filing or causing the filing of a financing statement with respect to such Collateral with the Delaware Secretary of State;
and

(6)in
all cases by otherwise ensuring that (i) all steps, if any, required under Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent to ensure that this Agreement and each Security Agreement creates a valid, first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens)
on such Collateral in favor of Collateral Agent, the Company or a Pledgor, as applicable, and that such Lien shall have been perfected
by filing and, to the extent applicable, possession or control, shall have been taken and (ii) to the extent necessary, obtaining
a consent from the applicable general partner, managing member, board of directors or any similar governing body authorizing and consenting
to the pledge of the Collateral in accordance with the applicable Underlying Instruments.

- 14 - 

Designated Email Notification
Address means SPCCreditOpsAcct@stonepoint.com; provided that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing and no Market Value Event shall have occurred, the Company may, upon at least five (5) Business Days written
notice to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent, designate any other email address as the Designated
Email Notification Address.

Designated Independent
Dealer means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC; provided that, so long as no Market Value Event shall have occurred and no
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Portfolio Manager may, upon at least five (5) Business Days written
notice to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent, designate another Independent Dealer as the
Designated Independent Dealer.

Designated
Investor means, as of any date of determination, each Investor that is not an Institutional Investor and at the request of
the Company has been approved in writing as a Designated Investor by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. All Designated Investors
as of the Effective Date are those specified as being Designated Investors on Schedule 8 and the Portfolio Manager may update such
Schedule 8 from time to time to include new Designated Investors approved by the Administrative Agent in writing.

Designated Unfunded
Capital Commitments has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(f).

Dollar Equivalent
means, with respect to any Advance denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the amount of USD that would be required to purchase the
amount of such Permitted Non-USD Currency of such Advance using the reciprocal foreign exchange rates obtained as described in clause
(y) of the definition of the term Spot Rate.

Early Opt-in Election
means in the case of Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the occurrence of:

(1)(i) a
determination by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Company or (ii) a notification by the Required Lenders to the Administrative
Agent with the consent of the Company that the Required Lenders have determined that syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency being executed at such time, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 3.02 are being
executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the applicable Reference Rate, and

(2)(i) the
election by the Administrative Agent or (ii) the election by the Required Lenders (in either case with the consent of the Company)
to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice
of such election to the Company and the Lenders or by the Required Lenders of written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent.

Effective Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03.

Effective Date Financing
Commitment means the Financing Commitments in the aggregate amount of U.S.$250,000,000 available as of the Effective Date.

- 15 - 

Effective Date Letter
means the letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent.

Eligibility Criteria
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

Eligible
Assignee means at the time of any relevant assignment pursuant to Section 2.06, (i) an Affiliate of the related
assignor, (ii) a Lender immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment or (iii) without limitation to clauses (i) and
(ii) above, with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Company, a bank, an insurance company or a broker-dealer.

Eligible Investments
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01.

Eligible
Unfunded Capital Commitments means the Unfunded Capital Commitments of all Included Investors, other than such Unfunded Capital
Commitments that constitute Designated Unfunded Capital Commitments; provided that the Unfunded Capital Commitment of any Investor
shall not exceed, without the Administrative Agents consent in its sole discretion, the lesser of: (a) the amount of
such Investors Unfunded Capital Commitment; and (b) the highest amount which does not cause such Investors Unfunded
Capital Commitment to exceed the product of (i) such Investors Investor Concentration Limit (if any) and (ii) the total
Unfunded Capital Commitments of all Included Investors.

ERISA means
the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company or the Parent, as applicable, within the
meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions
relating to Section 412, 430 or 431 of the Code).

ERISA Event
means that (1) the Company or the Parent sponsors, maintains, contributes to, is required to contribute to any Plan or any ERISA
Affiliate has any material liability with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the
Company or the Parent or (2) the Company or the Parent has any material liability with respect to any Plan.

EURIBOR
means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance in Euros, the Euro interbank offered rate administered by the European
Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) displayed on Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 on
the Bloomberg Financial Markets Commodities News (or on any successor or substitute page of such service, or any successor to or
substitute for such service, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page of such service, as determined
by the Administrative Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates applicable to deposits in the Euro
in the Euro Zone) at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation
Period, as the rate for Euro deposits with a maturity of three months. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then
EURIBOR for such Calculation Period shall be the rate (which shall not be less than zero) at which Euro deposits in an amount corresponding
to the amount of such Advance and for the applicable maturity are offered by the principal Brussels office of the Administrative Agent
in immediately available funds in the Euro Zone interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, two (2) Business Days
prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if EURIBOR as calculated
for any purpose under this Agreement is below zero percent, EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero percent for such purpose until such time
as it exceeds zero percent again.

- 16 - 

Euro or
means the lawful currency of Participating Member States.

Euro Zone
means the economic and geographic region consisting of all of the countries within the European Union that incorporate the Euro as their
national currency.

Event of Default
has the meaning set forth in Article VII.

Excess Interest Proceeds
means, at any time of determination, the excess of (1) amounts then on deposit in the Company Collateral Accounts representing Interest
Proceeds over (2) the projected amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 4.05(a) and (b) on the next Interest
Payment Date, the next Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable, in each case, as determined by the Company in
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and verified by the Administrative Agent (and, in connection with a Permitted Distribution
or a Permitted Tax Distribution, after giving effect to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the Advances on the date of such
Permitted Distribution or Permitted Tax Distribution).

Excluded Taxes
means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to
a Secured Party, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes,
in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Secured Party being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or,
in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision
thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts
payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Financing Commitment or Advance pursuant to a
law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Financing Commitment or Advance or (ii) such
Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.03, amounts with respect to such
Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately
before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Secured Partys failure to comply with Section 3.03(f) and
(d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

Exclusion Event
means with respect to an Investor, the occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) such
Investor shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event or become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as
they become due; provided that in the case of any involuntary proceeding or involuntary petition, if such involuntary proceeding
or involuntary petition is dismissed or stayed within forty-five (45) days and no other Exclusion Event has occurred with respect to such
Investor, such Investor shall automatically be re-designated as an Institutional Investor, Pension Plan Investor or Designated Investor,
as applicable, upon written notice from the Administrative Agent to the Company (and Administrative Agent shall not unreasonably withhold,
delay or condition such notification);

(b) such
Investor shall repudiate, challenge, or declare unenforceable its obligation to make contributions to the capital of any Pledgor pursuant
to its Capital Commitment or a Capital Call or its obligation to make contributions to the capital of such Pledgor pursuant to its Capital
Commitment or a Capital Call under any of such documents shall be or become unenforceable;

(c) such
Investor shall fail to make a Capital Contribution to the applicable Pledgor within ten (10) Business Days of when due in accordance
with such Capital Call, unless the Administrative Agent elects in writing, in its sole discretion, to waive any such failure;

- 17 - 

(d) the
occurrence of any circumstance or event which: (A) has a material and adverse effect on the financial condition or business operations
of such Investor (or its Sponsor or Credit Provider, as applicable), taken as a whole; or (B) which could reasonably be expected
to impair, impede, or jeopardize the obligation and the liability of such Investor to fund Capital Contributions;

(e) such
Investor amends its Subscription Agreement or Side Letter in any way that Administrative Agent reasonably determines would materially
impair the rights of the Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral;

(f) any
Pledgor cancels, reduces, excuses, excludes, terminates or abates all or any portion of the Capital Commitment of such Investor, including
as a result of an Investment Exclusion Event, provided that only such cancelled, reduced, excused, excluded, terminated or abated
portion of such Capital Commitment shall be excluded from the Applicable Borrowing Base if less than all of such Investors Capital
Commitment is cancelled, reduced, excused, excluded, terminated or abated;

(g) such
Investor is a Sanctioned Person, or, to any Credit Risk Partys or Lenders knowledge, such Investors funds to be used
in connection with funding Capital Calls are derived from illegal activities;

(h) any
final judgment or decree which in the aggregate exceeds twenty percent (20%) of the net worth of such Investor shall be rendered against
such Investor and such judgment(s) or decree(s) shall not be satisfied, discharged, bonded or otherwise stayed;

(i) a
material breach or default shall occur in the performance by such Investor of any representation, warranty, covenants or other material
agreements contained in any Constituent Document and such breach continues uncured for a period of ten (10) days after the earlier
of (x) the applicable Pledgor obtaining knowledge thereof and (y) written notice thereof has been given by Administrative Agent
to Pledgor;

(j) such
Investor shall (A) assign (other than pursuant to (k) below), convey, exchange, sell, set-off, transfer or otherwise dispose
of its limited partnership, exempted limited partnership or trust interests in the such Pledgor and/or Capital Commitment, or (B) be
released from its obligation under any Constituent Document to make contributions pursuant to a Capital Call with respect to such limited
partnership, exempted limited partnership or trust interests and/or Capital Commitment, provided that only such assigned, conveyed,
exchanged, pledged, sold, set-off, transferred or otherwise disposed of or released limited partnership, exempted limited partnership
or trust interests and/or Capital Commitment shall be excluded from the Applicable Borrowing Base if less than all of such Investors
limited partnership, exempted limited partnership or trust interests and/or Capital Commitment are assigned, conveyed, exchanged, pledged,
sold, set-off, transferred or otherwise disposed or released;

(k) such
Investor shall encumber or pledge any of its limited partnership, exempted limited partnership or trust interests of the applicable Pledgor
and the related lien holder shall commence the exercise of remedies with respect to such limited partnership, exempted limited partnership
or trust interests;

(l) the
Unfunded Capital Commitment of such Investor ceases to be Collateral subject to a first priority perfected Lien in favor of the Collateral
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties;

(m) other
than a Designated Investor, to any Credit Risk Partys or Agents knowledge, such Investor shall fail to maintain a net worth
(determined in accordance with GAAP), measured as of the end of the time period covered in such Investors most recent financial
report, of at least eighty percent (80%) of the net worth of such Investor, measured as of the date of its initial designation as an Included
Investor;

- 18 - 

(n) in
the case of each Pension Plan Investor, it shall fail to maintain a minimum Funding Ratio of 75%;

(o) in
the case of each Rated Investor, such Investor shall fail to maintain the Applicable Requirement;

(p) in
the case of any Investor, other than a Designated Investor (i.e. the type of Exclusion Event described by this clause (p) does
not apply to any Investor that is a family office), which does not have a publicly available financial
information, the applicable Credit Risk Party shall fail to deliver to the Administrative Agent within 30 days of request annual
updated financial information for such Investor within 120 days following the end of
the applicable fiscal year of such Investor;

(q) in
the case of each Designated Investor (unless waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion with respect to any Designated
Investor), such Designated Investor together with its related Credit Provider shall fail to maintain with the Portfolio Manager or its
Affiliates a net worth of at least 80% of the net worth of such Designated Investor together with such Credit Provider that is maintained
at the Portfolio Manager and its Affiliates as of the Effective Date; or

(r) in
the case of each Designated Investor, the Credit Provider of such Designated Investor (i) ceases to be its sole member, manager or
managing member (or similar role) or (ii) ceases, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the
equity interests of such Designated Investor.

Extended Cure Period
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Market Value Cure Period.

Extended Financing
Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06.

Extended
Ramp-Up Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to, but excluding, the date that is the earlier
of (i) three (3) months following the Ramp-Up Period End Date and (ii) the date designated in a written notice delivered
by the Company to the Administrative Agent (with confirmed receipt by the Administrative Agent in writing (including via email), and with
a copy to the Collateral Agent) pursuant to which the Company elects to end the Extended Ramp-Up Period as of such date. For the avoidance
of doubt, the date in this clause (ii) shall be after the Ramp-Up Period End Date.

FATCA means
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable
and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and intergovernmental
agreements thereunder, similar or related non-U.S. law that corresponds to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any agreements entered into
pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation
of such sections of the Code and any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory law, legislation, rules, guidance, notes or practices adopted
pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement.

- 19 - 

Federal Funds Effective
Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds
transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public
website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the effective
federal funds rate, provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall
be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Federal Reserve Board
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.

Feeder Acknowledgment
and Confirmation means an acknowledgment, consent and confirmation substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1 hereto made
by the Feeder Fund and the General Partner in favor of the Parent, as the same may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented from
time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Feeder Collateral
means the Collateral as defined in the Feeder Fund Security Agreement.

Feeder Collateral
Account means the deposit account maintained by the Feeder Fund at The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association
for the purpose of collecting Capital Contributions from its Investors.

Feeder Fund
means Stone Point Credit Income Feeder Fund, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership,
acting by its general partner, the Feeder General Partner.

Feeder
General Partner means Stone Point Credit Corporation Feeder GP, L.P., a Cayman
Islands exempted limited partnership, acting by its general partner, the Ultimate Feeder General Partner.

Feeder Fund Security
Agreement means the Security Agreement made by the Feeder Fund and the Feeder General Partner in favor of the Parent (which
shall separately, and indirectly through the Parent Security Agreement and Article VIII hereof, be collaterally assigned to the Collateral
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties) pursuant to which the Feeder Fund grants to the Parent a security interest in the Feeder
Collateral, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time.

Financing Commitment
means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to provide Advances to the Company hereunder in an amount up to but
not exceeding the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on the Transaction Schedule, or in the Assignment and Assumption
as provided in Section 10.06(b), pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Financing Commitment, as applicable.

Foreign Lender
means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person.

Funding Ratio
means, for a Pension Plan Investor; (i) the fair market value of the plans assets as defined under Section 430(g)(3) of
the Code, unreduced for any prefunding balance or funding standard carryover balance as defined and provided for in Section 430(f) of
the Code; over (ii) the plans funding target, as defined under Section 430(d) of the Code, without regard to the
special at-risk rules of Section 430(i) of the Code, with each value as reported on the most recently filed Schedule SB
to the Form 5500 by such plan with the United States Department of Labor.

GAAP means
generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States, as applied from time to time by the Company.

- 20 - 

GBP and
mean British Pounds.

Governmental Authority
means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local,
and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the
European Union or the European Central Bank).

Hybrid Borrowing Base
means on any date of determination the sum of (i) the Asset Borrowing Base plus (ii) the UCC Borrowing Base.

Included Investor
means as of any date of determination each Institutional Investor, each Pension Plan Investor and each Designated Investor (i) that
has been approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and identified on Schedule 8 (as of the Effective Date and as updated
from time to time by the Portfolio Manager with the approval of the Administrative Agent), (ii) whose entire Capital Commitment is
not subject to an Exclusion Event as of such date and (iii) that is not a Defaulting Shareholder as such term or equivalent
term is defined in the applicable Constituent Documents.

Indebtedness
as applied to any Person, means, without duplication, as determined in accordance with GAAP, (i) all indebtedness of such Person
for borrowed money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, deferrable securities or other similar
instruments; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts
payable arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) that portion of obligations with respect to capital leases that is properly
classified as a liability of such Person on a balance sheet; (v) all non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay
any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar instrument; (vi) all
debt of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such debt is assumed by such Person; and (vii) all debt,
lease obligations or similar obligations to repay money of others guaranteed by such Person or for which such Person acts as surety and
other contingent obligations to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person or otherwise to assure
a creditor against loss. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include a commitment arising in the ordinary
course of business to purchase a future Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Indemnified Person
has the meaning specified in Section 5.03.

Indemnified Taxes
means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of
the Company under this Agreement and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnitee
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(b).

Independent Dealer
means any of the following (as such list may be revised from time to time by mutual agreement of the Company and the Administrative Agent):
Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, Barclays Bank, BNP Paribas, Citibank, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JPMorgan, Morgan
Stanley, Nomura, UBS, Wells Fargo and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, but in no event including the Company or any Affiliate of
the Company.

- 21 - 

Ineligible Investment
means any Portfolio Investment that fails, at any time, to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria; provided that with respect to any
Portfolio Investment for which the Administrative Agent has waived one or more of the criteria set forth on Schedule 3, the Eligibility
Criteria in respect of such Portfolio Investment shall be deemed not to include such waived criteria at any time after such waiver and
such Portfolio Investment shall not be considered an Ineligible Investment by reason of its failure to meet such waived
criteria; provided further that any Portfolio Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) which has not been approved
by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.02 on or prior to its Trade Date will be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment
until such later date (if any) on which such Portfolio Investment is so approved; provided further that any Participation Interest
that has not been elevated to an absolute assignment on or prior to the 60th calendar day following the Effective Date shall
constitute an Ineligible Investment until the date on which such elevation has occurred.

Information
means all information received from the Company or any Affiliate thereof relating to the Company, any Pledgor or their respective business
or any obligor in respect of any Portfolio Investment in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Initial Portfolio
Investments means the Portfolio Investments listed in Schedule 5.

Institutional
Investor means an Included Investor (i) that is a Rated Investor that has (or that has a Credit Provider that has)
met the Applicable Requirement as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, and, at the request of the Company in writing (which
may be by email), has been approved in writing as an Institutional Investor by the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion); or (ii) that
has been so designated by the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) as an Institutional Investor based on such Investors
financial strength, subject to the satisfaction of such initial or ongoing conditions as may be specified by the Administrative Agent.
All Institutional Investors as of the Effective Date are those specified as being Institutional Investors on Schedule 8 and the Portfolio
Manager may update such Schedule 8 from time to time to include new Institutional Investors approved by the Administrative Agent in writing.

Interest
Collection Account means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule
for the deposit of Interest Proceeds denominated in USD, and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation
or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Interest Payment Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.03(b).

Interest Proceeds
means all payments of interest received in respect of the Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of
Portfolio Investments (in each case other than accrued interest purchased using Principal Proceeds, but including proceeds received from
the sale of interest accrued after the date on which the Company acquired the related Portfolio Investment), all other payments on the
Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments (for the avoidance of doubt, such other payments shall not include
principal payments (including, without limitation, prepayments, repayments or sale proceeds) with respect to Eligible Investments acquired
with Principal Proceeds) and all payments of fees, dividends and other similar amounts received in respect of the Portfolio Investments
or deposited into any of the Company Collateral Accounts (including closing fees, commitment fees, facility fees, late payment fees, amendment
fees, waiver fees, prepayment fees and premiums, ticking fees, delayed compensation, customary syndication or other up-front fees and
customary administrative agency or similar fees); provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, Interest Proceeds
shall not include amounts or Eligible Investments in the MV Cure Account, the Unfunded Exposure Account, any Permitted Non-USD Currency
Unfunded Exposure Account or any proceeds therefrom.

Investment
means (a) the purchase of any debt or equity security of any other Person, or (b) the making of any Loan or advance to any other
Person, or (c) becoming obligated with respect to a contingent obligation in respect of obligations of any other Person.

- 22 - 

Investment Exclusion
Event means the exclusion or excuse of any Investor from participating in any particular investment pursuant to the applicable
Constituent Document.

Investor
means any Person who has been admitted as a non-managing member or shareholder or limited partner of, or who otherwise hold any equity
interests in, the Company, the Feeder Fund or the Parent pursuant to the applicable Constituent Documents or otherwise.

Investor
Concentration Limit has the meaning set forth in the Effective Date Letter.

IRS means
the United States Internal Revenue Service.

ISDA
Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or
any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives
published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto.

JPMCB has
the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Lender Fee Letter
means each letter agreement entered into by and among the Company, the Administrative Agent and a Lender in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and setting forth, inter alia, the fees payable to such Lender hereunder, as amended, modified, supplemented,
restated or replaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

Lender Letter Agreement
means any letter agreement entered into by and between a Lender and the Administrative Agent (with a copy delivered to the Company) in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and setting forth, inter alia, specified rights and obligations of such
Lender and/or the Administrative Agent, as amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time in accordance with
the terms thereof (so long as copies of such amendments, modifications, supplements, restatements or replacements are delivered to the
Company).

Lender Participant
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(c).

Lenders
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Liabilities
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03.

Lien means
any security interest, lien, charge, pledge, preference, equity, assignment by way of security or encumbrance of any kind, including tax
liens, mechanics liens and any liens that attach by operation of law.

Liquid Unsecured Bond
means an unsecured debt security which has a traded volume through TRACE of at least U.S.$5,000,000 during the thirty day period immediately
preceding such date of determination.

Loan means
any obligation for the payment or repayment of borrowed money that is documented by a term and/or revolving loan agreement or other similar
credit agreement.

- 23 - 

Loan
Documents means this Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Effective Date Letter, the Collateral Documents, any Assignment and
Assumption, any Lender Fee Letter and such other agreements and documents, and any amendments or supplements thereto or modifications
thereof, executed or delivered by the Company, any Pledgor, the Parent Seller, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates
to or for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any
of the other Loan Documents and any additional documents delivered in connection with any such amendment, supplement or modification by
the Company, any Pledgor, the Parent Seller, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates to or for the benefit of the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders.

Margin Stock
has the meaning provided such term in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board.

Market
Value means, on any date of determination, (i) with respect to any Portfolio Investment other than a Non-Traded Portfolio
Investment, (a) in the case of a Loan, the average indicative bid-side price (expressed as a percentage) determined by LoanX/Markit
Group Limited and (b) in the case of a Bond, a TRACE price (expressed as a percentage) for U.S.$1,000,000 or more executed
within the prior two (2) Business Days (or, if the Administrative Agent determines in its sole discretion that such bid-side price
or TRACE price is not available or is stale, the market value of such Portfolio Investment as determined by the Administrative Agent in
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (any such market value determined by the Administrative Agent, an Alternative
MV)) and (ii) with respect to any Non-Traded Portfolio Investment, the market value of such Portfolio Investment as determined
by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (each such market value, a Designated MV),
in each case, expressed as a percentage of par.

So long as no Market Value Event
has occurred or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Portfolio Manager shall have the right to initiate a dispute of Alternative
MVs and/or Designated MVs as and to the extent set forth below; provided that the Portfolio Manager provides the executable bid
or valuation set forth below no later than 12:00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day immediately following the related date
of determination; provided, further, that with respect to each Portfolio Investment, the Portfolio Manager may not initiate
a dispute of the Market Value thereof until the earlier of (x) the date that is six (6) months following the Trade Date of such
Portfolio Investment and (y) the date on which the Administrative Agent provides an Alternative MV or a Designated MV with respect
to such Portfolio Investment that is at least 5% lower than the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment on the Trade Date of such Portfolio
Investment.

If the Portfolio Manager disputes
any Designated MV, the Portfolio Manager may, with respect to up to three such Portfolio Investments in each calendar quarter, engage
a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider, at the expense of the Company, to provide a valuation of the applicable Portfolio Investments
and submit evidence of such valuation to the Administrative Agent; provided that if the Company engages a Nationally Recognized
Valuation Provider that provides a range of valuations, then the valuation for the purposes of this clause shall be equal to the mean
of the highest and lowest valuations of such range.

If the Portfolio Manager disputes
any Alternative MV, the Portfolio Manager may, at the expense of the Company, obtain a written executable bid from two Independent Dealers
for the full notional amount of such Portfolio Investment and submit evidence of such bids to the Administrative Agent and the market
value provided by the Portfolio Manager shall be deemed to be the average of such bids.

The market value of any Portfolio
Investment determined in accordance with the immediately preceding two paragraphs will be the Market Value for the applicable Portfolio
Investment from and after the Business Day following receipt of notice of such executable bid or valuation by the Administrative Agent
until the Administrative Agent has made a good faith and commercially reasonable determination that the Market Value of such Portfolio
Investment has changed, in which case the Administrative Agent may determine another Market Value (in accordance with the definition of
Market Value).

- 24 - 

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, (A) the Market Value for any Portfolio Investment shall not be greater than the par amount thereof, (B) the
Market Value of any Ineligible Investment shall be deemed to be zero, (C) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard
as invalid any bid submitted by the Portfolio Manager from any Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative Agents good faith and
commercially reasonable judgment: (i) such Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio
Investment or portion thereof, as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market
for such Portfolio Investment, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; or (ii) such firm bid or such firm offer is
not bona fide, including due to the insolvency of the Independent Dealer and (D) no valuation provided by a Nationally Recognized
Valuation Provider shall be effective unless it is in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and takes into
account factors commonly used by market participants in conducting valuation processes, including without limitation (i) industry
and comparable company analysis, (ii) market yield assumptions, (iii) credit fundamentals, cyclical nature, and outlook of the
business of the Portfolio Investments obligor and (iv) historical material debt-financed acquisitions consummated by the Portfolio
Investments obligor; provided that, for purposes of determining whether a valuation provided by a Nationally Recognized
Valuation Provider is reasonably acceptable to it, the Administrative Agent shall take into account the fact that such valuation includes
the factors set forth in clauses (D)(i) through (iv) above.

The Administrative Agent shall
notify the Company, the Portfolio Manager, each Lender and the Collateral Administrator in writing of the then-current Market Value of
each Portfolio Investment in the Portfolio on a monthly basis or upon the reasonable request of the Portfolio Manager; provided
that the Company and the Portfolio Manager hereby acknowledge that the Administrative Agent may make available to the Company and the
Portfolio Manager the Market Value of each Portfolio Investment by posting such materials or information on the Financing Connect platform
hosted by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or another similar electronic system and such posting shall satisfy the Administrative Agents
requirements under this paragraph. Any notification from the Administrative Agent to the Company that the events set forth in clause (A)(i) of
the definition of the term Market Value Event have occurred and are continuing shall be accompanied by a written statement showing the
then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment.

Market Value Cure
means, on any date of determination, (i) the contribution by the Parent Seller or acquisition of additional Portfolio Investments
(subject to approval by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.02) and the Delivery thereof by the Company to the Collateral
Agent pursuant to the terms hereof, (ii) the contribution of cash to the Company as an equity contribution (which amounts shall be
deposited in the MV Cure Account), (iii) the sale by the Company of one or more Portfolio Investments in accordance with the requirements
of this Agreement, (iv) the prepayment by the Company of an aggregate principal amount of Advances (together with accrued and unpaid
interest thereon) or (v) any combination of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), in each case during the Market
Value Cure Period, at the option of the Portfolio Manager, and in an amount such that immediately after giving effect to all such actions
and the application of proceeds thereof, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied; provided that (x) a Portfolio Investment contributed
to the Company in connection with the foregoing must meet all of the applicable Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise consented to by
the Administrative Agent) and the Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied after such contribution, (y) a Portfolio Investment
shall be deemed to have been contributed to the Company if there has been a valid, binding and enforceable contract for the assignment
of such Portfolio Investment to the Company and, in the reasonable judgment of the Portfolio Manager, such assignment will settle within
(1) fifteen (15) Business Days thereof, in the case of a Loan and (2) three (3) Business Days thereof, in the case of any
other Portfolio Investment (each, a Settlement Period) and (z) the Portfolio Manager shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to effect any such assignment within such time period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any cash deposited pursuant to
clause (ii) above may, at the Companys discretion, be transferred to the Principal Collection Account and be considered Principal
Proceeds so long as (i) no Market Value Trigger Event shall be occurring at the time of such transfer (or will occur after giving
effect to such transfer) and (ii) the Administrative Agent has confirmed in writing that the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied at
the time of such transfer (and will be satisfied after giving effect to such transfer).

- 25 - 

The Administrative Agent shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to reply to any request for a consent under clause (i) in the immediately preceding paragraph
not later than 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day immediately succeeding the date on which it receives such request.

Market Value Cure
Failure means the failure by the Company to effect a Market Value Cure as set forth in the definition of such term.

Market
Value Cure Period means the period commencing on the Business Day on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice from the Administrative
Agent (which if received after 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day, shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding
Business Day) of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event and ending at the later of (x) the close of business in New York
two (2) Business Days thereafter and (y) such later date and time as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing
(including via email) in its sole discretion; provided, that in the event the Parent delivers a Capital Call Confirmation
Package satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion within such two (2) Business Day period, then the Market
Value Cure Period shall be extended to the close of business ten (10) Business Days following the conclusion of such two (2) Business
Day period (an Extended Cure Period); provided, further, that (a) if the Company, the Portfolio
Manager or the Parent becomes aware that any portion of the requested capital contribution(s) under such Capital Call Confirmation
Package will not be timely made within the applicable Extended Cure Period, then the Company, the Portfolio Manager or the Parent, as
applicable, shall provide the Administrative Agent notice thereof as soon as reasonably practical (but no later than within one (1) Business
Day) and the Market Value Cure Period shall end on the earlier of (i) two (2) Business Days following the date the Company,
the Portfolio Manager or the Parent becomes so aware and (ii) the conclusion of the applicable Extended Cure Period and (b) no
more than one Capital Call Confirmation Package may be delivered in any ten (10) Business Day period.

Market Value Event
means (A) the occurrence of both of the following events (i) a Market Value Trigger Event and (ii) a Market Value Cure
Failure or (B) if in connection with any Market Value Cure, a Portfolio Investment sold, contributed or deemed to have been contributed
to the Company shall fail to settle within the applicable Settlement Period.

Market Value Trigger
has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Schedule.

Market Value Trigger
Event means an event that shall have occurred if the Administrative Agent has determined and notified the Portfolio Manager
in writing as of any date that the Borrowing Base Ratio is greater than the applicable Market Value Trigger.

Material Adverse Effect
means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Company, the
Parent Seller, any Pledgor or the Portfolio Manager, (b) the ability of the Company, the Parent Seller, any Pledgor or the Portfolio
Manager to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party or (c) the rights
of or benefits available to the Agents or the Lenders under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.

- 26 - 

Material Amendment
means any amendment, modification or supplement to this Agreement that (i) increases the Financing Commitment of any Lender, (ii) reduces
the principal amount of any Advance or reduces the rate of interest thereon, or reduces any fees payable to a Lender hereunder, (iii) postpones
the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Advance, or any interest thereon, or any other amounts payable hereunder,
or reduces the amount of, waives or excuses any such payment, or postpones the scheduled date of expiration of any Financing Commitment,
(iv) effects changes to any provision in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required hereby, (v) changes
any of the provisions of this definition or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying
the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent
hereunder, (vi) increases the advance rate percentage as set forth in the definition of Asset Advance Rate or UCC
Advance Rate, (vii) changes any of the provisions of the definition of Reinvestment Period, (viii) effects
any change in the provisions of the definition of Market Value Trigger or Borrowing Base Test or (ix) effects
any change in the provisions of clause (m) of Article VII.

Maturity
Date means the date that is the earliest of (1) the Scheduled Termination Date set forth on the Transaction Schedule,
(2) the date on which the Secured Obligations become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Article VII
and the acceleration of the Secured Obligations, (3) the date on which the principal amount of the Advances is irrevocably reduced
to zero as a result of one or more prepayments and the Financing Commitments are irrevocably terminated and (4) the date after a
Market Value Event on which all Portfolio Investments have been sold and the proceeds therefrom have been received by the Company.

Maximum Rate
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.

Mezzanine Obligation
means a Portfolio Investment which is unsecured, subordinated debt of the obligor.

Minimum Funded Capital
Commitment Condition means, as of any date, the Pledgors shall have made one or more Capital Calls and the Investors shall
have funded Capital Contributions which have not been returned to the Investors in an amount at least equal to 15% of the aggregate Capital
Commitments of the Investors in effect as of such date.

Minimum Funding Amount
means, on any date of determination:

(a)prior
to the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date, as set forth in the table below:

Period Start Date Period End Date Minimum Funding Amount 

(% of Effective Date 

Financing Commitment)

Effective Date 3 months following the Effective Date 30

3 months following the Effective Date 6 months following the Effective Date 50

6 months following the Effective Date 9 months following the Effective Date 65

9 months following the Effective Date Last day of the Reinvestment Period 80

- 27 - 

(b)upon
the occurrence of the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date, thereafter the Minimum Funding Amount shall be the sum of the (i) amount
of the Effective Date Financing Commitment set forth in the table in clause (a) above for the applicable period plus (ii) the
amount of the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Amount set forth in the table below:

Period Start Date Period End Date Minimum Funding Amount 

(% of Scheduled Financing

Commitment Increase

Amount)

Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date 3 months following the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date 30

3 months following the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date 6 months following the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date 50

6 months following the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date 9 months following the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date 65

9 months following the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date Last day of the Reinvestment Period 80

(c)upon
the occurrence of any Commitment Increase Date (other than the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date), the Minimum Funding Amount
(if any) with respect to such increased Financing Commitments shall be as agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Company in connection
with the corresponding increase of the Financing Commitment.

MV
Cure Account means the account established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any
successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Nationally Recognized
Valuation Provider means (i) Lincoln International LLC (f/k/a Lincoln Partners LLC), (ii) Hilco, (iii) Duff &
Phelps, (iv) Alvarez & Marsal and (v) Houlihan Lokey; provided that any independent entity providing professional
asset valuation services may be added to this definition by the Company (with the consent of the Administrative Agent) or added to this
definition by the Administrative Agent from time to time by notice thereof to the Company and the Portfolio Manager; provided,
further, that the Administrative Agent may remove any provider from this definition by written notice to the Company and the Portfolio
Manager so long as, after giving effect to such removal, there are at least three providers designated pursuant to this definition.

Net Advances
means the principal amount of the outstanding Advances (inclusive of Advances that have been requested for any outstanding Purchase Commitments
which have traded but not settled) minus the amounts then on deposit in the Company Collateral Accounts (including cash and Eligible Investments)
representing Principal Proceeds (other than Principal Proceeds that have been designated to pay a portion of the purchase price in respect
of any Purchase Commitments which have traded but not settled).

- 28 - 

Net Asset Value
means, on any date of determination, the sum of (A) the sum of the product for each Portfolio Investment, other than, for any Loan,
the unfunded commitment amount of a Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan of (x) the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment
multiplied by (y) the funded principal amount of such Portfolio Investment plus (B) the amounts then on deposit in the
Unfunded Exposure Account and each applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account (each including cash and Eligible Investments);
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, (1) the Concentration Limitation Excess, (2) any Portfolio Investment which
has traded but not settled within the applicable Settlement Period thereof (or, in each case, such longer period of time agreed to by
the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) and (3) any Ineligible Investments will be excluded from the calculation of the
Net Asset Value and assigned a value of zero for such purposes.

Non-Call Period
means the period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, January 22, 2027.

Non-Traded Portfolio
Investment means any Portfolio Investment that, on the applicable date of determination, (i) in the case of a Loan, has
less than three bids available through LoanX/Markit Group Limited and (ii) in the case of a Bond, has a traded volume through TRACE
of less than U.S.$2,000,000.

Notice of Acquisition
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a).

NYFRB means
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

NYFRBs
Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

NYFRB
Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight
Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided
that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal
funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized
standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than 0.0%,
such rate shall be deemed to be 0.0% for purposes of this Agreement.

Other Connection Taxes
means, with respect to any Secured Party, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Secured Party and the
jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Secured Party having executed, delivered, become a party to,
performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Advance or Loan Document).

Other Taxes
means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made
under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to
an assignment.

- 29 - 

Overnight Bank Funding
Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated
in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set
forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank
funding rate.

Parent
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Parent Acknowledgment
and Confirmation means an acknowledgment, consent and confirmation substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2 hereto made
by the Parent in favor of the Company, as the same may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.

Parent Collateral
means the Collateral as defined in the Parent Security Agreement.

Parent
Collateral Account means the deposit account maintained by the Parent at U.S. Bank National Association for the purpose
of collecting Capital Contributions from its Investors.

Parent Security Agreement
means the Security Agreement made by the Parent in favor of the Company (which, pursuant to Article VIII hereof, is collaterally
assigned to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties) pursuant to which the Parent grants to the Borrower a security
interest in the Parent Collateral, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time.

Parent Originated
Investments means Portfolio Investments made or acquired by the Parent from time to time.

Parent Originated
Investment Distributions has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(w).

Parent Seller
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Participant Register
has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).

Participating Member
State means any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation
of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union.

Participation Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Participation Interest
means a participation interest in a Loan.

PATRIOT Act
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(f).

Payment
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.14(c)(i).

Payment Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.14(c)(ii).

Pending Capital Call
means any Capital Call that has been made upon the Investors and that has not yet been funded by the applicable Investor, but with respect
to which such Investor is not in default.

- 30 - 

Pension
Plan Investor means any Investor that is an employee pension benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, that
is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. All Pension
Plan Investors as of the Effective Date are those specified as being Pension Plan Investors on Schedule 8 and the Portfolio Manager
may update such Schedule 8 from time to time to include new Pension Plan Investors approved by the Administrative Agent.

Permitted Distribution
means, on any Business Day, distributions of Interest Proceeds, Principal Proceeds or Portfolio Investments (in each case, at the discretion
of the Company) to the Parent (or other permitted equity holders of the Company) or to the Portfolio Manager in respect of any accrued
management fees; provided that (x) Interest Proceeds may be distributed pursuant to this definition only to the extent of
available Excess Interest Proceeds and (y) Principal Proceeds and Portfolio Investments (except as otherwise provided in Section 6.02(w) with
respect to Parent Originated Investment Distributions) may be distributed pursuant to this definition only following the Extended Ramp-Up
Period and during the Reinvestment Period and Interest Proceeds, Principal Proceeds and Portfolio Investments may be distributed pursuant
to this definition only so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would occur after giving
effect to such Permitted Distribution), (ii) no Market Value Event shall have occurred (or would occur after giving effect to such
Permitted Distribution), (iii) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied (and will be satisfied after giving effect to such Permitted
Distribution), (iv) the Company gives at least one (1) Business Days prior written notice thereof (or such shorter period
as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator,
(v) not more than six Permitted Distributions are made in any single Calculation Period, (vi) the Company pays to the Lenders
on the date of such Permitted Distribution all accrued and unpaid interest on the Advances as of the date of such Permitted Distribution
and (vii) the Company and the Administrative Agent confirm in writing (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral
Administrator that the conditions to a Permitted Distribution set forth herein are satisfied. Nothing in this definition shall limit the
right of the Company to make a Permitted Tax Distribution.

Permitted
Lien means any of the following: (a) Liens for Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable or if a Person
shall currently be contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in accordance
with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person, (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmens, warehousemens,
mechanics, carriers, workmens and repairmens Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in
the ordinary course of business for sums that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith, (c) Liens granted pursuant to
or by the Loan Documents, (d) judgement Liens not constituting an Event of Default hereunder, (e) bankers Liens,
rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts
maintained by such Person, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts
are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management, operating account arrangements and netting arrangements,
(f) with respect to any collateral underlying a Portfolio Investment, the Lien in favor of the Company and Liens permitted under
the related Underlying Instruments and (g) as to agented Portfolio Investments, Liens in favor of the agent under the applicable
transaction documents.

Permitted Non-USD
Currency means each of AUD, Euros, CAD and GBP.

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Account Opening Notice has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(a).

Permitted Non-USD
Currency Accounts means the Permitted Non-USD Currency Custodial Accounts, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection
Accounts, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Accounts and the Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Accounts,
collectively.

- 31 - 

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Collection Accounts means the Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collections Account and the Permitted Non-USD
Currency Principal Collection Accounts, collectively.

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Custodial Accounts means, collectively, the accounts established by the Securities Intermediary in respect
of each Permitted Non-USD Currency and set forth on the Transaction Schedule to which Portfolio Investments, Eligible Investments
and other financial assets denominated in such Permitted Non-USD Currency may be credited, and any successor accounts established in connection
with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Permitted Non-USD
Currency Equivalent means, with respect to any amount in USD, the amount of any Permitted Non-USD Currency that could be purchased
with such amount of USD using the reciprocal foreign exchange rate(s) obtained as described in the definition of the term Spot Rate.

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Accounts means, collectively, the accounts established by the Securities Intermediary
in respect of each Permitted Non-USD Currency and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of Interest Proceeds denominated
in such Permitted Non-USD Currency and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities
Intermediary.

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Accounts means, collectively, the accounts established by the Securities Intermediary
in respect of each Permitted Non-USD Currency and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of Principal Proceeds denominated
in such Permitted Non-USD Currency and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities
Intermediary.

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Accounts means, collectively, the accounts established by the Securities Intermediary
in respect of each Permitted Non-USD Currency and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of funds used to cash collateralize
the Unfunded Exposure Amount denominated in such Permitted Non-USD Currency and any successor accounts established in connection with
the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Permitted Tax Distribution
means distributions to the Parent (from the Collection Account or otherwise) to the extent required to allow the Parent to make sufficient
distributions to qualify as a regulated investment company, and to otherwise eliminate federal or state income or excise taxes payable
by the Parent in or with respect to any taxable year of the Parent (or any calendar year, as relevant); provided that (A) the
amount of any such payments made in or with respect to any such taxable year (or calendar year, as relevant) of the Parent shall not exceed
115% of the amounts that the Company would have been required to distribute to the Parent to: (i) allow the Company to satisfy the
minimum distribution requirements that would be imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain
its eligibility to be taxed as a regulated investment company for any such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable
year the Companys liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of
the Code (or any successor thereto) and (y) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor
thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Companys liability for federal excise taxes for any such calendar year imposed pursuant
to Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), calculated assuming that
the Company had qualified to be taxed as a regulated investment company under the Code and (B) amounts may be distributed pursuant
to this definition only from Excess Interest Proceeds and so long as (i) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied (and will be satisfied
after giving effect to such Permitted Tax Distribution), (ii) the Company gives at least two (2) Business Days prior
notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, (iii) if any such Permitted Tax
Distributions are made after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the amount of Permitted Tax Distributions
made in any 90 calendar day period shall not exceed U.S.$1,500,000 (or such higher amount as agreed by the Administrative Agent in writing
(including via email) in its reasonable discretion), (iv) the Company pays to the Lenders on the date of such Permitted Tax Distribution
all accrued and unpaid interest on the Advances as of the date of such Permitted Tax Distribution and (v) the Company and the Administrative
Agent have confirmed in writing (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to
a Permitted Tax Distribution set forth herein are satisfied.

- 32 - 

Permitted Working
Capital Lien has meaning set forth in the definition of Senior Secured Obligation.

Person
means any natural person, corporation, company, exempted company, partnership, exempted limited partnership, trust, limited liability
company, association, Governmental Authority or unit, or any other entity, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity,
whether or not having a separate legal personality.

PF Act
means the Private Funds Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, including any regulations issued thereunder.

PF Act Party
means the Feeder Fund and any Credit Risk Party incorporated, formed or registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands acceding to this
Agreement after the Effective Date that is required to be registered with the CIMA pursuant to the PF Act in order to accept capital contributions
from investors for the purposes of investments.

Plan means
any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Section 412 of the
Code or Title IV of ERISA established by the Company, the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate.

Plan Asset Rules
means the regulations issued by the United States Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part 2510 of Chapter XXV, Title
29 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA.

Plan Assets
means plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules.

Pledgor
means each of Parent, Feeder Fund, the Feeder General Partner and the Ultimate Feeder General Partner.

Pledgor Collateral
means the Feeder Collateral and the Parent Collateral.

Pledgor
Collateral Account means all deposit accounts of such Pledgor into which any monies or sums paid or to be paid by any
Investor as Capital Contributions as and when Capital Contributions are made pursuant to the Capital Call Notices, excluding, for the
avoidance of doubt, any such accounts into which any other monies or sums are paid or to be paid. For the avoidance of doubt, the Feeder
Collateral Account and the Parent Collateral Account shall each constitute a Pledgor Collateral Account.

Portfolio
means all Portfolio Investments Purchased hereunder and not otherwise sold or liquidated.

- 33 - 

Portfolio Investment
Material Event means (i) any default (after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement) in respect of a Portfolio
Investment as a result of (A) a failure to make any payment of principal or interest due thereunder, (B) a breach of any financial
covenant applicable thereto, (C) a bankruptcy or insolvency event thereunder, (D) a failure to perfect or maintain the perfection
of any security interest or lien granted thereunder with respect to a material portion of the collateral thereunder or (E) a change
of control event thereunder; (ii) any acceleration of indebtedness under a Portfolio Investment in accordance with its terms (including
the terms of its Underlying Instruments after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth in such Underlying Instruments)
or (iii) any other event or circumstance with respect to a Portfolio Investment or the related obligor that is (in the determination
of the Company or the Portfolio Manager taking into account the circumstances at the time that the Company or the Portfolio Manager receives
notice of such event or circumstance) material to the credit quality of the Portfolio Investment or the creditworthiness of the related
obligor.

Portfolio Investments
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Portfolio Manager
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Prime Rate
means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in effect at its principal
office in New York City; each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced
as being effective.

Principal
Collection Account means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule
for the deposit of Principal Proceeds denominated in USD, and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation
or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Principal Proceeds
means all amounts received with respect to the Portfolio Investments or any other Collateral, and all amounts otherwise on deposit in
the Company Collateral Accounts (including cash contributed by the Company), in each case other than Interest Proceeds or amounts on deposit
in the Unfunded Exposure Account or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account.

Priority of Payments
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

Proceeding
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(b).

PTE means
a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

Purchase
means each acquisition of a Portfolio Investment hereunder (other than by Substitution), including, for the avoidance of doubt, by way
of (a) origination, (b) acquisition of a Participation Interest pursuant to the Participation Agreement or (c) a contribution
by the Parent to the Company or acquisition of a Portfolio Investment pursuant to the Sale Agreement.

Purchase Commitment
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a).

Ramp-Up Period
means the period from and including the Effective Date to, but excluding, the Ramp-Up Period End Date.

- 34 - 

Ramp-Up
Period End Date means the date that is the earlier of (i) October 22, 2025 and (ii) the date designated
as the Ramp-Up Period End Date in a written notice delivered by the Company to the Administrative Agent (with confirmed
receipt by the Administrative Agent in writing (including via email), and with a copy to the Collateral Agent) pursuant to which the Company
elects to end the Ramp-Up Period as of such date.

Rated
Investor means any Investor that has a Rating (or that has a Credit Provider or Sponsor that has a Rating).

Rating
means, for any Person, its senior unsecured debt rating (or equivalent thereof), such as, but not limited to, a corporate credit rating,
issuer rating/insurance financial strength rating (for an insurance company), general obligation rating or credit enhancement program
(for a governmental entity), or revenue bond rating (for an educational institution) from S&P or Moodys.

Reference Rate
means (i) with respect to Advances denominated in USD and related calculations, the Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to Advances
denominated in CAD and related calculations, Term CORRA, (iii) with respect to Advances denominated in GBP and related calculations,
Daily Simple SONIA, (iv) with respect to Advances denominated in AUD and related calculations, the AUD Screen Rate and (v) with
respect to Advances denominated in Euros and related calculations, EURIBOR. The Reference Rate shall be determined by the Administrative
Agent (and notified to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator), and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest
error.

Reference Time
with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.

Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c).

Reinvestment
Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, the earliest of (i) January 22,
2029, (ii) the date on which a Market Value Event occurs, (iii) the date on which an Event of Default occurs and (iv) the
date on which the investment period of the Parent terminates.

Related Parties
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01.

Related Rating
means, with respect to any Included Investor, the Rating of a Person that sponsors or administers such Included Investor in a manner sufficient
that Administrative Agent determines in its sole discretion that the credit linkage between such Person and such Included Investor is
sufficient to apply the Rating of such Person to such Included Investor for purposes of satisfying the Applicable Requirement.

Relevant
Governmental Body means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in any Permitted
Non-USD Currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or
other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such
Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the
currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising
either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central
banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

- 35 - 

Request for Advance
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d).

Required Lenders
means (a) JPMCB and its Affiliates, and (b) the other Lenders (other than any Defaulting Lender), if any, holding, together
with the Persons set forth in clause (a) above, 50.1% or more of the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding
Advances (other than outstanding Advances of Defaulting Lenders) plus (ii) the aggregate undrawn amount of the outstanding
Financing Commitments (other than the undrawn amount of the outstanding Financing Commitments of Defaulting Lenders).

Responsible Officer
means (i) with respect to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator, any president, vice
president, assistant vice president or other officer within the corporate trust department of such Person customarily performing functions
with respect to corporate trust matters and, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter under this Agreement, any other officer
to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and, in each
case, having direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement and (ii) with respect to any Person not set forth in
clause (i) above, any president, vice president, assistant vice president, director or other officer within the corporate department
of such Person customarily performing functions with respect to corporate matters and, with respect to a particular corporate matter under
this Agreement, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the
particular subject and, in each case, having direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement.

Restricted Payment
means (i) any dividend or other distribution (including, without limitation, a distribution of non-cash assets), direct or indirect,
on account of any shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; (ii) any redemption, retirement,
sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, by the Company of any shares or other equity
interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; and (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding
warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding.

Returned Capital
means, for any Investor, if applicable, those funds returned or distributed to such Investor by any Pledgor which is added back to such
Investors Unfunded Capital Commitment pursuant to the applicable Constituent Document or otherwise; in each case which amount has
been set forth as Returned Capital on a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Parent delivered to Administrative
Agent; provided that the failure of such Pledgor to deliver such certificate to Administrative Agent shall result in the exclusion of
such amount from Returned Capital.

Reuters
means Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv or any successor thereto.

Revolving Loan
means any Loan (other than a Delayed Funding Term Loan, but including funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit lines) that under
the Underlying Instruments relating thereto may require one or more future advances to be made to the obligor by a creditor, but any such
Loan will be a Revolving Loan only until all commitments by the holders thereof to make advances to the obligor thereon expire or are
terminated or are irrevocably reduced to zero.

Sale Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Sanctioned Country
means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any comprehensive Sanctions (at the time of
this Agreement, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk and Luhansk Peoples Republics, and Crimea).

- 36 - 

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the
European Union, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, or the Cayman Islands (including pursuant to any sanctions legislation
extended to the Cayman Islands by the United Kingdom pursuant to any Order of Council), (b) any Person operating, organized or resident
in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person otherwise the target or subject of Sanctions, including by reason that the Person is owned
or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b).

Sanctions
means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government,
including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of
State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, the Cayman
Islands (including pursuant to any sanctions legislation extended to the Cayman Islands by the United Kingdom pursuant to any Order of
Council).

Scheduled Financing
Commitment Increase means, subject to the satisfaction of the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Conditions, the increase
in the Financing Commitment by the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Amount to occur on the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase
Date.

Scheduled Financing
Commitment Increase Amount means U.S.$250,000,000.

Scheduled Financing
Commitment Increase Conditions means, with respect to the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase, (i) certification (which
may be by email) by the Portfolio Manager that as of the date of such Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase, each of the following conditions
is satisfied:

(1)no
Market Value Event has occurred;

(2)no
Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing;

(3)the
Reinvestment Period has not otherwise ended;

(4)all
of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material
respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and
correct), in each case on and as of the date of such Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase, except to the extent that such representations
and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect
to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier
date;

(ii) the
Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent to or for the account of the applicable Lenders on or before the Scheduled
Financing Commitment Increase Date, a fee in an aggregate amount as specified in Section 4.03(e) (and, with respect to each
Lender that is a party to a Lender Fee Letter, the amount specified in such Lender Fee Letter); and

(iii) the
Administrative Agent confirms (which may be by email) that the conditions set forth in clause (i)(1) through (i)(4) above are
satisfied on and as of the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date.

- 37 - 

Scheduled
Financing Commitment Increase Date means July 22, 2025 or such other date as agreed by the Administrative Agent
(in its sole discretion) and the Portfolio Manager in writing, provided that the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date shall not
occur unless, as of such date, the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Conditions have been satisfied.

Scheduled Termination
Date has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Schedule.

Second Lien Obligation
means a Loan or Bond that (i) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is validly perfected and second priority
(subject to liens permitted under the related Underlying Instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar obligations) under
Applicable Law (other than a Loan or Bond that is second priority to a Permitted Working Capital Lien) and (ii) the Portfolio Manager
determines in good faith that the value of the collateral securing the Loan or Bond (including based on enterprise value) on or about
the time of origination or acquisition by the Company equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance thereof plus the aggregate outstanding
balances of all other Loans or Bonds, as applicable, of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral.

Secured Obligation
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Secured Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Securities Intermediary
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Security Agreement
means each of (i) the Feeder Fund Security Agreement, (ii) the Parent Security Agreement, and (iii) any other security
agreement executed and delivered by one or more Pledgors. Security Agreements shall mean, where the context
may require, all the foregoing agreements, collectively.

Senior Secured Obligation
means any Loan or Bond that (i) is not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to become) subordinate in right of payment to
any obligation of the obligor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, restructuring, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or provisional, liquidation
or arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings (other than pursuant to a Permitted Working Capital Lien and customary
waterfall provisions contained in the applicable Underlying Instruments), (ii) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security
interest is (a) validly perfected and first priority under Applicable Law (subject to liens permitted under the applicable Underlying
Instruments that are reasonable for similar Loans, and liens accorded priority by law in favor of any Governmental Authority) or (b)(1) validly
perfected and second priority in the accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, letter-of-credit rights, supporting obligations,
deposit accounts, investments accounts (as such terms are defined in the UCC) and any other assets securing any Working Capital Revolver
under Applicable Law and proceeds of any of the foregoing (a first priority lien on such assets a Permitted Working Capital
Lien) and (2) validly perfected and first priority (subject to liens permitted under the related Underlying Instruments
that are reasonable and customary for similar obligations) in all other collateral under Applicable Law, and (iii) the Portfolio
Manager determines in good faith that the value of the collateral for such Loan or Bond (including based on enterprise value) on or about
the time of acquisition equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance thereof plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other
Loans or Bonds, as applicable, of equal or higher seniority secured by a first priority Lien over the same collateral.

Settlement Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

Settlement Period
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Market Value Cure.

- 38 - 

Side Letter
means any letter or other agreement executed by or on behalf of an Investor with any Pledgor with respect to such Investors rights
and/or obligations under its Subscription Agreement or any Constituent Documents.

SOFR
means, for purposes of CME Term SOFR Administrator and the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, the meaning set forth in
the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate.

SONIA
means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such business day published
by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrators Website.

SONIA
Administrator means The Bank of England (or a successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average).

SONIA
Administrators Website means the Bank of Englands website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk,
or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time.

Solvent
means, with respect to any Person, that as of the date of determination, (a) the sum of such Persons debt (including contingent
liabilities) does not exceed the present fair value of such Persons present assets; (b) such Persons capital is not
unreasonably small in relation to its business as contemplated on the date of this Agreement; and (c) such Person has not incurred
debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise). For purposes of this definition, the
amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing
at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

Sponsor
means, for any Pension Plan Investor, a sponsor as that term is understood under ERISA, specifically, the entity that established the
plan and is responsible for the maintenance of the plan and, in the case of a plan that has a sponsor and participating employers, the
entity that has the ability to amend or terminate the plan.

Spot
Rate means, as of any date of determination and with respect to any then-current Permitted Non-USD Currency, (x) with
respect to actual currency exchange between USD and AUD, CAD, Euros or GBP and the calculations made pursuant to Section 1.06(b),
the applicable currency-USD rate available through the Administrative Agents banking facilities (or, through such other source
agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing) at the time of such exchange or calculation and (y) with respect to all other purposes
between USD and AUD, CAD, Euros or GBP, the applicable currency-USD spot rate that appeared on the BFIX page of Bloomberg Professional
Service (or any successor thereto) (or such other recognized service or publication reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent for
purposes of determining currency spot rates in the ordinary course of its business from time to time) for such currency at 5:00 p.m. New
York City time on the immediately preceding Business Day, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (with notice to the Collateral
Agent and the Collateral Administrator). The determination of the Spot Rate shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

Stage
means each of Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 as elected by the Portfolio Manager on an Interest Payment Date during the Reinvestment Period,
but after the Ramp-Up Period, with prior written notice (including via email) to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral
Agent and the Collateral Administrator) not later than 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the applicable Interest Payment Date (or,
with the prior consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, at such other time as notified with not less than three (3) Business
Days prior written notice (including via email) by the Portfolio Manager to the Administrative Agent); provided that (i) at
the time of such election no Market Value Event shall have occurred, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing and the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied, and (ii) the Stage then in effect shall remain in effect until the Portfolio
Manager elects another Stage in accordance with this definition; provided that the Stage in effect during the period from the end
of the Reinvestment Period to the Maturity Date shall be the Stage in effect on the last day of the Reinvestment Period.

- 39 - 

Subscription Agreement
means with respect to any Investor, the agreement executed by such Investor in connection with the subscription for an equity interest
in the Company or any Pledgor and any related supplement thereto, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time and where the context may require, all Subscription Agreements, collectively.

Subsidiary
of a Person means a corporation, exempted company, partnership, exempted limited partnership, joint venture, limited liability company
or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election
of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency)
are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
or both, by such Person.

Substitution
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.08.

Substitution Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

Substitute Portfolio
Investment has the meaning set forth in Section 1.08.

TARGET2 Settlement
Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) system is open.

Taxes means
all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other
charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term CORRA
means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance denominated in CAD, the Term CORRA Reference Rate for a tenor of three (3) months,
as such rate is published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the Term CORRA Determination Date for such Calculation Period; provided,
however, that if as of 1:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on the Term CORRA Determination Date the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such
tenor has not been published by the Term CORRA Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term CORRA Reference
Rate has not occurred, then Term CORRA will be the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term CORRA Administrator
on the first preceding Business Day for which such Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term CORRA Administrator;
provided, further, that, in the event that the rate resulting from the sum of any Term CORRA shall be less than zero, such
rate shall be deemed to be the zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Term CORRA Administrator
means Candeal Benchmark Administration Services Inc., TSX Inc., or any successor administrator.

Term CORRA Determination
Date means, with respect to each Calculation Period, the day that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such
Calculation Period.

Term CORRA Reference
Rate the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA.

- 40 - 

Term SOFR Rate
means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance denominated in USD, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m.,
Chicago time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period for rates with a tenor of three months,
as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator; provided that if the Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less
than 0%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0% for the purposes of this Agreement.

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), for each Calculation Period
relating to an Advance denominated in USD, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate
based on the overnight funding rate (SOFR). If by 5:00 pm (Central Standard time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day
immediately following any Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been
published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term
SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published
by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to
such Term SOFR Determination Day.

Trade Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

Tranche
means each of the Effective Date Financing Commitment, the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Amount, and each other increase in
the Financing Commitment pursuant to a Commitment Increase Request.

Transaction Schedule
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Transition Date
means the earlier of (i) the first day on which the Parent has drawn more than one-third (1/3) of the aggregate amount of the Capital
Commitments and (ii) the date that is 18 months following the Effective Date.

UCC means
the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York.

UCC
Advance Rate means (x) 75.0% of the aggregate Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments with respect to Institutional
Investors, (y) 50.0% of the aggregate Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments with respect to Designated Investors or (z) 90.0%
of the aggregate Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments with respect to Pension Plan Investors.

UCC Borrowing Base
means (a) the product of (i) the applicable UCC Advance Rate and (ii) applicable Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments
as of such date minus (b) the Designated Unfunded Capital Commitments.

Ultimate
Feeder General Partner means STONE POINT GP LTD, a Cayman Islands exempted company.

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
provided that, if the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

- 41 - 

Unaffiliated Seller
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Uncertificated Security
has the meaning set forth in the UCC.

Underlying Instruments
means the loan agreement, credit agreement, indenture or other agreement pursuant to which a Portfolio Investment has been issued or created
and each other agreement that governs the terms of or secures the obligations represented by such Portfolio Investment or of which the
holders of such Portfolio Investment are the beneficiaries.

Unfunded Capital Commitments
means with respect to any Investor, the unfunded or remaining Capital Commitment of such Investor that may be called in accordance with
the terms of the Constituent Documents, including, without duplication, any Returned Capital attributable to such Investor; provided
that Unfunded Capital Commitment shall not include the portion of such Investors Capital Commitment that is, at such
time, subject to a Pending Capital Call.

Unfunded
Exposure Account means the account established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule
for the deposit of funds used to cash collateralize the Unfunded Exposure Amount denominated in USD and any successor accounts established
in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Unfunded Exposure
Amount means, on any date of determination, with respect to any Portfolio Investment of Company consisting of a Delayed Funding
Term Loan or a Revolving Loan, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all unfunded commitments associated with such Delayed Funding
Term Loan or Revolving Loan.

Unfunded Exposure
Shortfall means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to the greater of (i) 0 and (ii) the aggregate Unfunded
Exposure Amount for all Portfolio Investments minus the sum of (x) the amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account
and the Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Accounts, (y) the amount of Designated Unfunded Capital Commitments and (z) (1) 10%
of the Collateral Principal Amount, if during the Ramp-Up Period, and (2) 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount, if after the Ramp-Up
Period.

Unused Facility Amount
means, on any applicable date of determination, with respect to each Tranche (i) the aggregate Financing Commitment of all Lenders
with respect to such Tranche minus (ii) the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances with respect to such Tranche.

USD and
U.S.$ means United States dollars.

USD Collateral Accounts
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a).

U.S. Person
means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code; provided that
for purposes of Sections 6.01(ff) and 6.02(ss), U.S. Person shall mean any United States citizen, lawful permanent resident,
entity organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States, including any foreign branch of any
such entity, or any person in the United States.

U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(f).

- 42 - 

Working Capital Revolver
means a revolving lending facility secured on a first lien basis solely by all or a portion of the current assets of the related obligor,
which current assets subject to such security interest do not constitute a material portion of the obligors total assets.

In this Agreement and in each
other Loan Document, unless a contrary intention expressly appears:

(a) the
singular number includes the plural number and vice versa;

(b) reference
to any Person includes such Persons successors and assigns but, if applicable, only if such successors and assigns are permitted
by the Loan Documents;

(c) reference
to any gender includes each other gender;

(d) reference
to day or days without further qualification means calendar days;

(e) reference
to any time means New York City time;

(f) reference
to the words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without
limitation;

(g) reference
to any agreement (including any Loan Document), document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended, modified,
waived, supplemented, restated or replaced and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and, if applicable, the
terms of the other Loan Documents, and reference to any promissory note includes any promissory note that is an extension or renewal thereof
or a substitute or replacement therefor;

(h) reference
to any Applicable Law means such Applicable Law as amended, modified, codified, replaced or reenacted, in whole or in part, and in effect
from time to time, including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and reference to any Section or other provision of
any Applicable Law means that provision of such Applicable Law from time to time in effect and constituting the substantive amendment,
modification, codification, replacement or reenactment of such Section or other provision; and

(i) reference
to the par or principal amount of any Portfolio Investment shall, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, be calculated exclusive
of accrued interest.

ARTICLE I

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS

SECTION 1.01.Purchases
of Portfolio Investments. On the Effective Date, the Company shall acquire certain Initial Portfolio Investments from the Unaffiliated
Seller pursuant to the Participation Agreement. From time to time during the Reinvestment Period, the Company may Purchase additional
Portfolio Investments, including, from the Parent Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement, or request that Portfolio Investments be Purchased
for the Companys account, all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

- 43 - 

SECTION 1.02.Procedures
for Purchases and Related Advances.

(a)Timing
of Notices of Acquisition. No later than five (5) Agent Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may
agree in its sole discretion) before the date on which the Company proposes that a binding commitment to acquire any Portfolio Investment
(other than an Initial Portfolio Investment acquired on the Effective Date) be made by it or for its account (a Purchase Commitment),
the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a notice of acquisition (a Notice
of Acquisition).

(b)Contents
of Notices of Acquisition. Each Notice of Acquisition shall consist of one or more electronic submissions to the Administrative Agent
(in such format and transmitted in such a manner as the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Company may reasonably agree
(which shall initially be the format and include the information regarding such Portfolio Investment identified on Schedule 2)), and
shall be accompanied by such other information (to the extent available to the Company) as the Administrative Agent may request.

(c)Eligibility
of Portfolio Investments. The Administrative Agent shall have the right, on behalf of the Lenders, to request in writing additional
information (to the extent available to the Company) regarding any proposed Portfolio Investment. The Administrative Agent shall notify
the Portfolio Manager and the Company (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) of its approval or failure to approve each Portfolio Investment
proposed to be acquired pursuant to a Notice of Acquisition (and, if approved, (x) an initial determination of the Market Value
for such Portfolio Investment and (y) whether it elects to designate such Portfolio Investment as a Specified Investment) no later
than the fifth (5th) Agent Business Day succeeding the date on which it receives such Notice of Acquisition and any information
(to the extent available to the Company) requested in writing in connection therewith; provided that the failure of the Administrative
Agent to notify the Portfolio Manager and the Company of its approval of any Portfolio Investment in accordance with this Section 1.02(c) shall
be deemed to be a disapproval of such proposed acquisition. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent that the Administrative
Agent has approved a Notice of Acquisition (and such approval has not been withdrawn prior to the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment)
with respect to a Portfolio Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) and such Portfolio Investment has not yet been
Purchased, if the Trade Date for such Portfolio Investment is after the 30th calendar day following the date of such approval, such Portfolio
Investment shall constitute an Ineligible Investment until the date on which the Administrative Agent approves a subsequent Notice of
Acquisition with respect to such Portfolio Investment. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 1.02 to the contrary, neither the
Company nor the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall be required to submit a Notice of Acquisition with respect to the Initial Portfolio
Investments and the Initial Portfolio Investments will be deemed to be approved in accordance with this clause (c) provided that
such Initial Portfolio Investment is acquired on the Effective Date.

(d)The
failure of the Administrative Agent to approve the acquisition of a Portfolio Investment will not prohibit the Company from acquiring
such Portfolio Investment (subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1.03); provided that any Portfolio Investment not
so approved prior to its Trade Date shall be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until such later date (if any) on which such Portfolio
Investment is so approved.

SECTION 1.03.Conditions
to Purchases.

No Purchase Commitment, Purchase
or Substitution shall be entered into or made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied as of the date on which such Purchase
Commitment is entered into or such Purchase would otherwise be made (such Portfolio Investments Trade Date)
or, in the case of a Substitution, the date on which the Company consummates such Substitution (the Substitution Date):

(1)the
information contained in the Notice of Acquisition accurately describes, in all material respects, such Portfolio Investment and, unless
waived by the Administrative Agent (as set forth below), such Portfolio Investment satisfies the eligibility criteria set forth in Schedule
3 (the Eligibility Criteria);

- 44 - 

(2)with
respect to a Purchase, the proposed Settlement Date for such Portfolio Investment is not later than (x) in the case of a Loan, the
date that is fifteen (15) Business Days (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion)
after such Trade Date or (y) in the case of any other Portfolio Investment, the date that is three (3) Business Days (or, in
each case, such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after such Trade Date;

(3)no
Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default or event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event
of Default (a Default), has occurred and is continuing, and the Reinvestment Period has not otherwise ended; and

(4)after
giving pro forma effect to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment and the related Advance or such Substitution, the Borrowing Base
Test is satisfied.

The Administrative Agent, on
behalf of the Lenders, may waive in its sole discretion any conditions to a Purchase Commitment, Purchase or Substitution, as the case
may be, specified above in this Section 1.03 by written notice (including via email) to the Company, the Collateral Administrator,
the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Agent.

If the above conditions to
a Purchase Commitment, a Purchase or a Substitution are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent (as shall be deemed certified
upon delivery by the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) of any trade ticket, direction or other instruction relating to
purchase), the Portfolio Manager shall determine, in consultation with the Administrative Agent and with notice to the Collateral Agent
and the Collateral Administrator, the date on which such Purchase (if any) or Substitution (if any) shall settle (the Settlement
Date) for such Portfolio Investment. Promptly following the Settlement Date for a Portfolio Investment and its receipt thereof
(and at other times thereafter promptly following the written request of the Administrative Agent (including via email)), the Portfolio
Manager shall provide to the Administrative Agent, to the extent received by the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf, a copy
of the executed assignment agreement or executed credit agreement evidencing the Companys purchase (or, in the case of a Portfolio
Investment that is not a Loan, the executed purchase agreement or similar instrument) pursuant to which such Portfolio Investment was
assigned, sold or otherwise transferred to the Company.

SECTION 1.04.Sales
of Portfolio Investments. The Company will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Portfolio Investment or any other asset
without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders), except that, subject to Section 6.02(w),
(a) the Company may sell any Portfolio Investment (including any Ineligible Investment) or other asset without such consent so long
as (x) immediately prior to such sale or other disposition, no Market Value Event has occurred and no Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, (y) after giving effect thereto, no Market Value Trigger Event and no Default or Event of Default
will occur and (z) the sale of such asset by the Company shall be on an arms-length basis at fair market value and in accordance
with the Portfolio Managers standard market practices and (b) the Company may effect Substitutions in accordance with Section 1.08.
In addition, within two (2) Business Days of any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan with an unfunded commitment becoming
an Ineligible Investment, the Company, subject to clauses (x) and (y) in the immediately preceding sentence, shall sell such
Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan and shall pay any amount payable in connection with such sale. Any trade ticket or other
direction or instruction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition
of any Portfolio Investment or any other asset shall be deemed to constitute a certification that any related conditions have been satisfied.

- 45 - 

Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary (but subject to this Section 1.04): (i) following the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default, (x) neither the Company nor the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall have any right to cause the sale,
transfer or other disposition of a Portfolio Investment or any other asset (including, without limitation, the transfer of amounts on
deposit in the Company Collateral Accounts) and (y) except as provided for in Section 8.02(c), neither the Company nor any
Pledgor shall have the right to initiate any Capital Call (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or an applicable Security Agreement)
or to deposit proceeds from any Pending Capital Call into an account other than the Pledgor Collateral Accounts (which will then be promptly
deposited in the MV Cure Account at the direction of such Pledgor) or the MV Cure Account, in each case, without the prior written consent
of the Administrative Agent (which consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), (ii) following
the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Company shall at the sole direction and discretion of, and, subject to compliance with the
applicable Constituent Documents, in the manner (including, without limitation, the time of Capital Call, amount of Capital Call, time
of sale, sale price, principal amount to be sold and purchaser) required by the Administrative Agent (x) make a Capital Call on
the Investors for deposit of proceeds thereof into the MV Cure Account and/or (y) use commercially reasonable efforts to sell Portfolio
Investments (individually or in lots, including a lot comprised of all of the Portfolio Investments) (provided that the Administrative
Agent shall only require sales at the direction of the Required Lenders and at least equal to the then-current fair market value and
in accordance with the Administrative Agents standard market practices) and the proceeds from such Capital Call and/or sales shall
be used to prepay Advances outstanding hereunder and (iii) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Portfolio Manager
shall have no right to act on behalf of, or otherwise direct, the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other
Person in connection with a sale of Portfolio Investments pursuant to any provision of this Agreement except with the prior written consent
of the Administrative Agent. Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event and in connection with the sale of any Portfolio Investment
by or at the direction of the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall take such actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request in writing (including via email) to facilitate the consummation of such sale.

Any prepayments made pursuant
to the immediately preceding paragraph shall automatically reduce the Financing Commitments as provided in Section 4.07(c).

In connection with any sale
of Portfolio Investments required by the Administrative Agent following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent
or a designee of the Administrative Agent shall:

(i)notify
the Company at the Designated Email Notification Address promptly upon distribution of bid solicitations regarding the sale of such Portfolio
Investments; and

(ii)direct
the Company to sell such Portfolio Investments to the Designated Independent Dealer if the Designated Independent Dealer provides the
highest bid (or a bid equal to such highest bid) in the case where bids are received in respect of the sale of such Portfolio Investments,
it being understood that if the Designated Independent Dealer provides a bid to the Administrative Agent that is the highest bona fide
bid (or equal to such highest bona fide bid) to purchase a Portfolio Investment on a line-item basis where such Portfolio Investment
is part of a pool of Portfolio Investments for which there is a bona fide bid on a pool basis proposed to be accepted by the Administrative
Agent (in its sole discretion), then the Administrative Agent shall accept any such line-item bid only if such line-item bid (together
with any other line-item bids by the Designated Independent Dealer or any other bidder for other Portfolio Investments in such pool)
is greater than any bid on a pool basis.

- 46 - 

For purposes of this paragraph,
the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as invalid any bid submitted by the Designated Independent Dealer if, in the
Administrative Agents judgment (acting reasonably):

(A)either:

(x)the
Designated Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof,
as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for the relevant Portfolio Investments;
or

(y)the
Designated Independent Dealer would not, through the exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts, be able to obtain any consent required
under any agreement or instrument governing or otherwise relating to the relevant Portfolio Investments to the assignment or transfer
of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof, as applicable, to it; or

(B)such
bid is not bona fide, including, without limitation, due to (x) the insolvency of the Designated Independent Dealer or (y) the
inability, failure or refusal of the Designated Independent Dealer to settle the purchase of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any
portion thereof, as applicable, or otherwise settle transactions in the relevant market or perform its obligations generally.

For the avoidance of doubt,
the bid(s) provided by the Designated Independent Dealer may be provided on behalf of the Company, the Portfolio Manager, any Affiliate
of the Portfolio Manager or any account or fund serviced or managed by the Portfolio Manager or an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager
if so agreed between the Designated Independent Dealer and any such Person.

In connection with the making
of any Capital Call and/or sale of a Portfolio Investment directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 1.04
and the application of the net proceeds thereof, the Company hereby appoints, and shall cause each Pledgor to appoint, the Administrative
Agent as its attorney-in-fact (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations
of any Pledgor and/or the Company, as applicable, by this appointment), with full authority in the place and stead of such Pledgor and/or
the Company, as applicable, and in the name of such Pledgor and/or the Company, as applicable, to effectuate the provisions of this Section 1.04
(including, without limitation, the power to direct any party with respect to any Capital Commitments, initiate Capital Calls, otherwise
execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes
of this Section 1.04 or any direction or notice to the Collateral Agent in respect of the application of net proceeds of any
such Capital Calls and/or sales).

In connection with the sale
of any or all Portfolio Investment(s) directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 1.04, if (x) the Administrative
Agent has not yet entered into an agreement or agreements to sell the Portfolio Investments in an amount sufficient to satisfy the Secured
Obligations, (y) JPMCB (or any of its Affiliates) has not yet assigned its Financing Commitments pursuant to Section 10.06
herein and (z) the Company diligently pursued a Market Value Cure, as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion,
then the Administrative Agent, in its sole good faith discretion, subject to the other terms of this Section 1.04, shall consider
(but shall be under no obligation to accept) any cash purchase bid or bids submitted by the Portfolio Manager or the Company via an Independent
Dealer (and actually received by the Administrative Agent from such Independent Dealer) during the period of three (3) Business
Days following the occurrence of the related Market Value Event, if the aggregate amount of such bids is sufficient to repay the Secured
Obligations in full on or before the proposed settlement date of any other bid or bids received by the Administrative Agent.

- 47 - 

None of the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or any Affiliate of any thereof shall
incur any liability to any Pledgor, the Company, the Portfolio Manager any Lender or any other Person in connection with any Capital
Call and/or sale effected at the direction of the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Section 1.04, including, without
limitation, as a result of the price obtained for any Portfolio Investment, the timing of any sale or sales of Portfolio Investments
or the notice or lack of notice provided to any Person in connection with any such sale, so long as, in the case of the Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent only, any such sale does not violate Applicable Law.

SECTION 1.05.Certain
Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments.

For purposes of all calculations
hereunder, any Portfolio Investment for which the trade date in respect of a sale thereof by the Company has occurred, but the settlement
date for such sale has not occurred, shall be considered to be owned by the Company until such settlement date.

SECTION 1.06.Currency
Equivalents. (a)Except as set forth in clause (b) and
Section 4.06(b), for purposes of all valuations and calculations under the Loan Documents, (i) the principal amount of all
Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, (ii) proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency on
deposit in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account and (iii) for the purposes of Net Advances and the Borrowing Base Test, the outstanding
aggregate principal amount of Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be calculated into the USD equivalent at the
Spot Rate in accordance with clause (y) of the definition of such term in consultation with the Administrative Agent on the applicable
date of valuation or calculation, as applicable.

(b)Except
as provided in Section 4.06(b), for purposes of determining (i) whether the amount of any Advance, together with all other
Advances then outstanding or to be made at the same time as such Advances, would exceed the aggregate amount of the Financing Commitments,
(ii) the aggregate unutilized amount of the Financing Commitments and (iii) the limitations on the portion of the Financing
Limit and the Financing Commitment that may be utilized in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the principal amount of Advances denominated
in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the Permitted Non-USD Currency of such Advances
determined as of the date such Advances were made. Wherever in this Agreement in connection with an Advance, an amount, such as a required
minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in USD, but such Advance is denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, such amount shall be
the Permitted Non-USD Currency Equivalent of such USD amount (rounded to the nearest 1,000 units of the applicable Permitted Non-USD
Currency), calculated pursuant to clause (y) of the definition of Spot Rate.

SECTION 1.07.Additional
Equity Contributions. The Parent may, but shall have no obligation to, at any time or from time to time make a capital contribution
to the Company for any purpose, including for the purpose of curing any Default or Event of Default, in connection with a Market Value
Cure, satisfying any Borrowing Base Test, enabling the acquisition or sale of any Portfolio Investment or satisfying any conditions under
Section 2.04. Each contribution shall either be made (a) in cash, (b) by assignment and contribution of Cash Equivalents
and/or (c) by assignment and contribution of a Portfolio Investment that satisfies all of the Eligibility Criteria and the Concentration
Limitations and could otherwise have been sold to the Company in compliance with this Agreement.

- 48 - 

SECTION 1.08.Substitution.
The Company may replace a Portfolio Investment with another Portfolio Investment (each such replacement, a Substitution
and such new Portfolio Investment, a Substitute Portfolio Investment) so long as the Company has submitted a Notice
of Acquisition and all other conditions precedent set forth in Section 1.03(1), (3) and (4) have been satisfied with respect
to each Substitute Portfolio Investment to be acquired by the Company in connection with such Substitution. In no event shall the sum
of the principal balance of all Affiliate Portfolio Investments sold by the Company to the Parent, or any Affiliate thereof, or released
to the Parent as a dividend, in each case including in connection with any Substitution, exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the Affiliate
Purchased Investment Balance.

ARTICLE II

THE Advances

SECTION 2.01.Financing
Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, only during the Reinvestment Period, each Lender hereby severally
agrees to make available to the Company Advances, in the applicable Currency specified in Section 2.03(c) below, in an aggregate
amount outstanding not exceeding the amount of such Lenders Financing Commitment (or such Lenders Financing Commitment
relating to the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency). The Financing Commitments shall terminate on the earliest of (a) the last
day of the Reinvestment Period, (b) the Maturity Date and (c) the occurrence of a Market Value Event; provided that
notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, in the case that the Financing Commitments have terminated pursuant to clauses
(a) or (c) above, each Lender shall nonetheless remain obligated to fund each Advance requested in connection with the Purchase
of Portfolio Investment(s) for which (i) the Trade Date occurred prior to the termination of the Financing Commitments, but
the Settlement Date has not yet occurred and (ii) the Administrative Agent approved the acquisition of such Portfolio Investment
pursuant to Section 1.03 prior to the termination of the Financing Commitments and prior to the occurrence of a Market Value Event,
a Default or an Event of Default (other than a Default or an Event of Default pursuant to clauses (a), (e), (f) or (g) of Article VII
or an Event of Default pursuant to clauses (d) or (m) of Article VII).

SECTION 2.02.Advances;
Use of Proceeds.

(a)Subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Purchase of a Portfolio Investment set forth in Section 1.03 and/or an Advance
set forth in Section 2.04 as of (i) the related Trade Date and/or Settlement Date, as applicable, and/or (ii) the Advance
date, as applicable, the Lenders will (ratably in accordance with their respective Financing Commitments) make the applicable Advance
available to the Company on the related Settlement Date (or otherwise on the related Advance date if no Portfolio Investment is being
acquired on such date) as provided herein. If the Company requests an Advance for application to a Permitted Distribution, the Lenders
will (ratably in accordance with their respective Financing Commitments) make the applicable Advance available to the Company on the
date requested by the Company subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to Advance set forth in Section 2.04.

(b)Except
as expressly provided herein, the failure of any Lender to make any Advance required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of
its obligations hereunder. If any Lender shall fail to provide any Advance to the Company required hereunder, then the Administrative
Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by such Lender to
satisfy such Lenders obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.

- 49 - 

(c)Subject
to Section 2.03(f), the Company shall use the proceeds of the Advances received by it hereunder to (x) Purchase the Portfolio
Investments identified in the related Notice of Acquisition, (y) to make advances to the obligor of Delayed Funding Term Loans or
Revolving Loans in accordance with the Underlying Instruments relating thereto or (z) to make a Permitted Distribution specified
in the related Request for Advance; provided that, if the proceeds of an Advance designated for the Purchase of a Portfolio Investment
are deposited in the Principal Collection Account or a Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account as provided in Section 3.01
prior to or on the Settlement Date for any Portfolio Investment but the Company is unable to Purchase such Portfolio Investment on the
related Settlement Date, or if there are proceeds of such Advance remaining after such Purchase, then, subject to Section 3.01(a),
upon written direction from the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent shall apply such proceeds as provided in Section 4.05 (but
without premium or penalty). The proceeds of the Advances shall not be used for any other purpose. Advances made for the Purchase of
Portfolio Investments or making advances to the obligor of a Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan shall be made in the Currency
in which such Portfolio Investment is denominated unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing (including via email).

(d)With
respect to any Advance, the Portfolio Manager shall, on behalf of the Company, submit a request substantially in the form of Exhibit A
(a Request for Advance) to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the
Collateral Administrator, not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time, one (1) Business Day prior to the Business Day specified
as the date on which such Advance shall be made and, upon receipt of such request, the Lenders shall make such Advances in accordance
with the terms set forth in Section 3.01. Any requested Advance shall be in an amount such that, after giving effect thereto and
the related purchase (if any) of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s), the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied.

(e)If
any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, all or any part of any Advance not made by such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among
the non-Defaulting Lenders who notify the Administrative Agent in writing (including via email) that they will accept such reallocation,
on a pro rata basis (determined without regard to the outstanding Advances and Financing Commitments of the Defaulting Lender and any
non-Defaulting Lender not providing such notice), but only to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender,
cause such non-Defaulting Lenders outstanding Advances and unfunded commitments hereunder to exceed its Financing Commitment.

(f)If,
on any date of determination prior to the second Business Day before the last day of the Reinvestment Period, there exists an Unfunded
Exposure Shortfall, the Company shall (i) request an Advance and, if the conditions to such Advance are satisfied and such Advance
is made in accordance with this Agreement, deposit the proceeds thereof in the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable Permitted
Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account and/or (ii) deposit cash from other sources into the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or
each applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account; provided that, in lieu of depositing such cash (or any portion
thereof) in the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account, one or more Pledgors
may (upon written notice to the Administrative Agent) maintain an equal amount of Unfunded Capital Commitments for the purpose of cash
collateralizing any Unfunded Exposure Amount (such Unfunded Capital Commitments, the Designated Unfunded Capital Commitments)
to the extent the applicable Pledgor provides reasonably satisfactory evidence to the Administrative Agent that such Designated Unfunded
Capital Commitments are (x) so maintained and (y) available to satisfy any future advances in respect of any Delayed Funding
Term Loan or Revolving Loan, in an aggregate amount at least equal to the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Shortfall. If two Business Days
prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period there exists any Unfunded Exposure Amount, then the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Company,
shall be deemed to have requested an Advance on such date, and the Lenders shall make a corresponding Advance on the last day of the
Reinvestment Period (with written notice to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator by the Administrative Agent) in accordance
with Article III in an amount, to be deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Unfunded Exposure Account, equal to the least of (i) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount, (ii) the Financing Commitments
in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances (and, with respect to any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the portion
of the Financing Commitments in respect of such Permitted Non-USD Currency in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding
Advances denominated in such Permitted Non-USD Currency) and (iii) an amount such that the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied after
giving effect to such Advance; provided that, if the Company provides evidence to the Administrative Agent that it has cash from
other sources that is available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to make any such future advances in respect of any Delayed
Funding Term Loan, then so long as such cash is deposited in accordance with the succeeding sentence, the amount of any such Advance
shall be reduced by the amount of such funds. The Company shall cause (x) the proceeds of such Advance to be deposited into the
Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account, on the last day of the Reinvestment
Period and (y) cash from other sources that are available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement referred to in the immediately
preceding sentence to be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure
Account not later than one Business Day prior to the last day of the Reinvestment Period, such that the aggregate amounts under clauses
(x) and (y) above (together with amounts already on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable Permitted
Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account equal or exceed the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount).

- 50 - 

SECTION 2.03.Conditions
to Effective Date.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, this Agreement shall not become effective until the date (the Effective Date) on which each
of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion):

(a)Executed
Counterparts. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a counterpart
of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which
may include electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this
Agreement.

(b)Loan
Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received reasonably satisfactory evidence that the Loan Documents
have been executed and are in full force and effect, and that the initial Participation Interests contemplated by the Participation Agreement
shall have been consummated in accordance with the terms thereof.

(c)Opinions.
The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received one or more reasonably satisfactory written opinions of counsel for the
Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Parent, the Parent Seller and the Pledgors, covering such matters relating to the transactions contemplated
hereby and by the other Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request (including, without limitation, certain bankruptcy
matters) in writing.

(d)Corporate
Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency
certificates and/or other certificates of officers of the Company, the Parent Seller, each Pledgor and the Portfolio Manager as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each officer thereof or other Person authorized to act
in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such other documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent
or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization (including, without limitation, all Constituent Documents), existence
and good standing of the Company, the Parent Seller, each Pledgor and the Portfolio Manager and any other legal matters relating to the
Company, the Parent, any Pledgor, the Portfolio Manager, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, all in form and substance
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.

- 51 - 

(e)Payment
of Fees, Etc. The Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator
shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable by the Company in connection herewith on or prior to the Effective Date,
including the fee payable pursuant to Section 4.03(e) and, to the extent invoiced at least two (2) Business Days in advance,
reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal
fees and expenses) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Company hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, no amounts described in the
immediately preceding sentence shall be subject to or applied against the limitation set forth in Section 4.05 of this Agreement.

(f)PATRIOT
Act, Etc. (i) To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Administrative Agent or such Lender,
as the case may be, shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under the USA PATRIOT
Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act) and other applicable
know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations and (ii) to the extent the Company qualifies
as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, any
Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Company at least 10 days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification
in relation to the Company shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification.

(g)Filings.
(i) Copies of proper financing statements, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, desirable under the
UCC of all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect the security interest of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the
Secured Parties in all Collateral in which an interest may be pledged hereunder and the backup security interest of the Company in the
Portfolio Investments acquired by it pursuant to the Participation Agreement (ii) a copy of the register of mortgages and charges
of the Feeder General Partner shall have been updated to reflect the security interests granted by the Feeder Fund and the Feeder General
Partner pursuant to this Agreement and (iii) an executed copy of the notice of security interests, in a form satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, shall have been delivered by the Feeder Fund and the Feeder General Partner to each investor in the Feeder Fund
pursuant to Section 6.02(oo) of this Agreement.

(h)Certain
Acknowledgements. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) UCC, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and pending
lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name
the Company or a Pledgor as debtor and that are filed in the jurisdiction in which the Company is organized, (ii) a UCC lien search
indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the Unaffiliated Seller or the Parent Seller as
debtor which cover any of the Portfolio Investments and (iii) such other searches reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent
that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or appropriate.

(i)Officers
Certificate. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate of an officer of the Company, certifying
that the conditions set forth in Sections 2.04(4) and 2.04(6) have been satisfied on and as of the Effective Date.

(j)Contact
Information. The Administrative Agent shall have received the contact information for each Investor to the extent different from
or otherwise not set forth in its Subscription Agreement.

(k)Borrowing
Base Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Base Certificate.

- 52 - 

(l)Minimum
Funded Capital Commitment Condition. The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that the Minimum Funded Capital Commitment
Condition has been satisfied on and as of the Effective Date.

(m)PF
Act Certificate. In respect of each PF Act Party, evidence of registration as a private fund under the PF Act (in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent).

(n)Other
Documents. Such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require.

SECTION 2.04.Conditions
to Advances. No Advance shall be made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent
in writing (including via email) in its sole discretion) as of the proposed date of such Advance (as shall be certified by the Company):

(1)the
Effective Date shall have occurred;

(2)the
Company shall have delivered a Request for Advance in accordance with Section 2.02(d);

(3)subject
to Section 2.01, no Market Value Event has occurred

(4)subject
to Section 2.01, no Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing;

(5)the
Reinvestment Period has not ended;

(6)all
of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material
respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and
correct), in each case on and as of the date of such Advance, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically
refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations
and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; and

(7)after
giving pro forma effect to such Advance (and any related Purchase) hereunder:

(x)subject
to Section 2.01, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied;

(y)the
aggregate principal balance of Advances then outstanding will not exceed the limit for Advances set forth in the Transaction Schedule;
and

(z)in
the case of an Advance made in connection with a Purchase, the amount of such Advance shall be not less than U.S.$2,000,000; provided
that the amount of the initial Advance on the Effective Date shall be not less than U.S.$75,000,000.

If the above conditions to
an Advance are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall determine, in consultation with the Administrative
Agent and with notice to the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator, the date on which any Advance shall be provided.

- 53 - 

SECTION 2.05.Commitment
Increase Option.

The
Company may, at any time during the Reinvestment Period, submit one or more Commitment Increase Requests for an increase in the Financing
Commitment to up to U.S.$1,000,000,000 (in the aggregate, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Scheduled Financing Commitment
Increase Amount available only in connection with the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase), subject to satisfaction of the following
conditions precedent:

(a)each
of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (each in its sole discretion) approves in writing (which may be by email) such Commitment
Increase Request;

(b)no
Market Value Event shall have occurred and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case on and
as of the Commitment Increase Date;

(c)the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied on and as of the Commitment Increase Date;

(d)all
of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material
respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and
correct), in each case on and as of the Commitment Increase Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically
refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations
and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date;

(e)no
commitment reduction shall have occurred pursuant to Section 4.07(a) due to JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ceasing
to act as Administrative Agent prior to the Commitment Increase Date;

(f)the
Company shall have paid on the Commitment Increase Date to or for the account of the applicable Lenders in accordance with Section 4.06
a fee in an aggregate amount specified in the Effective Date Letter (and, with respect to each Lender that is a party to a Lender Fee
Letter, the amount specified in such Lender Fee Letter);

(g)any
Commitment Increase Request shall be in an amount not less than U.S.$50,000,000;

(h)[Reserved];
and

(i)receipt
by the Administrative Agent of such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, including without limitation,
documentation similar to that provided pursuant to Sections 2.03(c), (d) and (f)(ii) on the Effective Date.

Unless
otherwise agreed among JPMCB and any Affiliate thereof that is a Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Company, each increase
to the Financing Commitment of the Lenders on a Commitment Increase Date shall be allocated to JPMCB and any Affiliate thereof that is
a Lender in the amount(s) designated by such Lenders to the Administrative Agent. Any portion of such increase remaining after allocation
in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence (and after allocation of such increase to any additional lender providing all or
a portion of such increase) shall be allocated to the Lenders that have notified the Administrative Agent that they wish to participate
in such increase on a pro rata basis (determined without giving effect to the Financing Commitments of JPMCB and its Affiliates).

- 54 - 

SECTION 2.06. Replacement
of Lenders.

If
any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative
Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in,
and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 3.03)
and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which
assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that, (a)the
Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 10.06;

(b)such
Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued
fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding
principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts);

(c)such
assignment does not conflict with applicable law;

(d)such
assignee shall not be an Affiliate of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or the assigning Defaulted Lender;

(e)the
Company shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent with respect to any assignee that is not already a
Lender hereunder, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; and

(f)in
the case of an assignment or transfer arising from the Companys exercise of its rights under Section 3.01(f), such assignment
shall be offered first to JPMCB and any Affiliate thereof that is a Lender.

A Lender shall not be required
to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling
the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.

ARTICLE III

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE Advances

SECTION 3.01.The
Advances.

(a)Making
the Advances. If the Lenders are required to make an Advance to the Company as provided in Section 2.02, then each Lender shall
make such Advance in the applicable Currency on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Collateral
Agent for deposit to the Principal Collection Account (or, in the case of Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account). Each Lender at its option may make any Advance by causing any domestic or foreign
branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Advance; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation
of the Company to repay such Advance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein,
including without limitation Section 4.07, the Company may borrow and prepay Advances. The Company may, during the Reinvestment
Period, prepay and reborrow Advances in an amount up to (x) the aggregate Financing Commitments of the Lenders on such date minus
(y) the Minimum Funding Amount, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. Except as set forth in the immediately preceding
sentence, once prepaid, Advances may not be reborrowed.

- 55 - 

(b)Interest
on the Advances. Subject to Section 3.02, all outstanding Advances shall bear interest (from and including the date on which
such Advance is made) at a per annum rate equal to (i) in the case of Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the
applicable Benchmark and (ii) in the case of Advances denominated in USD, the Term SOFR Rate, in each case, for each Calculation
Period in effect plus, in each case, the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule; provided
that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all outstanding Advances and any unpaid interest thereon
shall bear interest (from and including the date of such Event of Default) at a per annum rate equal to (i) in the case of Advances
denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable Benchmark and (ii) in the case of Advances denominated in USD, the Term
SOFR Rate, in each case, for each Calculation Period in effect plus, in each case, the Adjusted Applicable Margin; provided
further that, for any day on which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances is less than the Minimum Funding Amount
specified in the definition of the term Minimum Funding Amount, then the Company shall owe the Lenders interest on the
amount of such difference at a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin set forth on the Transaction Schedule minus the per annum
rate payable in respect of commitment fees pursuant to Section 4.03(d) (or, if applicable pursuant to the first proviso above,
the Adjusted Applicable Margin). For purposes of the foregoing, the Benchmark for each Calculation Period with respect to Daily Simple
SONIA shall be the weighted average, as reasonably calculated by the Administrative Agent, of such Benchmark as determined on each day
during such Calculation Period in respect of Advances denominated in GBP.

(c)Evidence
of the Advances. Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness
of the Company to such Lender resulting from each Advance made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable
and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder and the applicable Currency thereof. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for
this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices a register (the Register) in which
it shall record (1) the amount of each Advance made hereunder, (2) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable
or to become due and payable from the Company to each Lender hereunder and (3) the amount of any sum received by the Lenders and
each Lenders share thereof. The entries made in the Register maintained pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall be conclusive
absent manifest error; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such Register or any error
therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Company to repay the Advances in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Any Lender may request that
Advances made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Company shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a
promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if a registered note is requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered
assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).
Thereafter, the Advances evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory
notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered
assigns).

(d)Pro
Rata Treatment. Except as otherwise provided herein or any Lender Letter Agreement, all borrowings of, and payments in respect of
the Advances shall be made on a pro rata basis by or to the Lenders in accordance with their respective portions of the Financing
Commitments in respect of Advances held by them.

- 56 - 

(e)Illegality.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company that the adoption
of any law, rule or regulation, or any change therein or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, makes it unlawful, or any Governmental Authority asserts that it
is unlawful, for a Lender or the Administrative Agent to perform its obligations hereunder to fund or maintain Advances hereunder (in
the aggregate or in any applicable Currency), then (1) the obligation of such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall
immediately be suspended (in the aggregate or with respect to the applicable Currency) until such time as such Lender or the Administrative
Agent determines (in its sole discretion) that such performance is again lawful, (2) at the request of the Company, such Lender
or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts (which will not require such party to incur a loss, other than
immaterial, incidental expenses), until such time as the Advances are required to be prepaid as required under clause (3) below,
to transfer all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (in the aggregate or with respect to the applicable Currency) to another
of its offices, branches or Affiliates with respect to which such performance would not be unlawful, and (3) if such Lender or the
Administrative Agent is unable to effect a transfer under clause (2), then (I) any outstanding Advances of such Lender (in the aggregate
or with respect to such Currency, as applicable) shall be promptly paid in full by the Company (together with all accrued interest and
other amounts owing hereunder) but not later than the earlier of (x) if the Company requests such Lender or the Administrative Agent
to take the actions set forth in clause (2) above, 20 calendar days after the date on which such Lender or the Administrative Agent
notifies the Company in writing that it is unable to transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement as specified in such clause
(2) and (y) such date as shall be mandated by law or (II) with respect to any Advance denominated in a Permitted Non-USD
Currency, if requested by the Portfolio Manager or the Company, any outstanding Advances in such Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be
converted to an Advance denominated in USD on the date specified by the Administrative Agent at the Spot Rate and shall become denominated
and payable in USD and thereafter shall bear interest at the rates applicable to Advances denominated in USD and the Company shall pay
all amounts owing in connection therewith, including all interest accrued on the Advances being converted through such date; provided
that, to the extent that any such adoption or change makes it unlawful for the Advances to bear interest by reference to a particular
Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate, then the foregoing clauses (1) through (3) shall not apply and the Advances subject
to such Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate, as applicable, shall bear interest (from and after the last day of the Calculation
Period ending immediately after such adoption or change) at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin
for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule (or the Adjusted Applicable Margin, if applicable).

(f)Increased
Costs.

(i)If
any Change in Law shall:

(A)impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement,
insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender;

(B)impose
on any Lender or the London interbank market (or other applicable interest rate market) any other condition, cost or expense (other than
Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Advances made by such Lender; or

(C)subject
any Lender or the Administrative Agent to any Taxes (other than (x) Indemnified Taxes, (y) Taxes described in clauses (b) through
(d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (z) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments,
or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;

- 57 - 

and the result
of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or the Administrative Agent of making, continuing, converting or
maintaining any Advance or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder
(whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then, upon request by such Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Company will pay to
such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the
Administrative Agent, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(ii)If
any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the
rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this
Agreement or the Advances made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have
achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of such Lenders holding
company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time the
Company will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lenders holding company
for any such reduction suffered.

(iii)A
certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate, and the basis for such compensation of, such Lender
or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section shall be delivered to
the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate
within 20 days after receipt thereof.

(iv)Failure
or delay on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute
a waiver of such Lenders or the Administrative Agents right to demand such compensation; provided that the Company
shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions
incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies the Company of the Change in Law
giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or the Administrative Agents intention to claim compensation
therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the
180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

(v)Each
of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agrees that it will take such commercially reasonable actions as the Company may reasonably
request that will avoid the need to pay, or reduce the amount of, any increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f); provided
that no Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be obligated to take any actions that would, in the reasonable opinion of such Lender
or the Administrative Agent, be disadvantageous to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, due to a loss
of money). In no event will the Company be responsible for increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f) which relates
to any other entities to which any Lender provides financing.

- 58 - 

(vi)If
any Lender (other than JPMCB and any Affiliate thereof that is a Lender) (A) provides notice of unlawfulness or requests compensation
under (1) clause (e) above or (2) this clause (f), (B) is a Defaulting Lender under the definition of such term (or,
in the case of a requirement to assign or delegate interests, rights and obligations as set forth below, is otherwise a Defaulting Lender),
(C) becomes subject to a Bail-In Action, or (D) does not consent to a Material Amendment consented to by the Administrative
Agent and the Required Lenders, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon written notice to such Lender and the Administrative
Agent, prepay the Advance of such Lender or require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject
to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this
Agreement and the related transaction documents to an assignee identified by the Company that shall assume such obligations (whereupon
such Lender shall be obligated to so assign), provided that, (x) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the
outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder through the
date of such assignment and (y) a Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a
result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease
to apply. No prepayment fee that may otherwise be due hereunder shall be payable to such Lender in connection with any such prepayment
or assignment.

(g)No
Set-off or counterclaim. Subject to Section 3.03, all payments to be made hereunder by the Company in respect of the Advances
shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and in such amounts as may be necessary in order that every such payment (after deduction
or withholding for or on account of any present or future Taxes imposed by the jurisdiction in which the Company is organized or any
political subdivision or taxing authority therein or thereof) shall not be less than the amounts otherwise specified to be paid under
this Agreement.

SECTION 3.02.Interest
Rate Unascertainable, Inadequate or Unfair. (a) Subject
to clauses (b), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of this Section 3.02 (in the case of Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD
Currency), if prior to the commencement of any Calculation Period for an Advance:

(i) the Administrative Agent determines in
its commercially reasonable judgment that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for
ascertaining a Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate (including, without limitation,
because such Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on
a current basis) for the applicable Currency and such Calculation Period; provided
that, with respect to any Reference Rate, no Benchmark Transition Event shall have occurred
at such time; or

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by
the Required Lenders that the applicable Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate for the
applicable Currency and such Calculation Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the
cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Advances (or its Advance)
included in such Advance for such Calculation Period;

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice
thereof to the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Lenders by telephone or electronic
mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral
Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, if any Advance
denominated in such Currency is requested to be made by the Lenders or is then outstanding, it shall thereupon constitute a Base Rate
Advance.

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable,
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark,
then such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any
Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark
Replacement is provided to the Lenders and the Company without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to,
this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection
to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.

- 59 - 

(c)[Reserved].

(d)In
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right, in consultation with the
Company, to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time by delivery of a notice of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes referred to in Section 3.02(e) below and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document,
any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent
of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.02.

(e)The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company, the Lenders and the Collateral Agent in writing (including via email) of (i) any
occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the
removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of
any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable,
any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.02, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or
any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent
from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.02.

(f)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other
Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the
then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed
on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its
reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement
or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the
Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Calculation Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time
to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above
either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or
(B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark
(including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Calculation Period for
all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

(g)Upon
the Companys receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Company may revoke any request for
an Advance in conversion to or continuation of Advances in the applicable Currency to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark
Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Company will be deemed to have converted any request for an Advance into a request for a
Base Rate Advance or conversion of an outstanding Advance to a Base Rate Advance.

- 60 - 

SECTION 3.03.Taxes.

(a)Payments
Free of Taxes. All payments to be made hereunder by the Company in respect of the Advances shall be made without deduction or withholding
for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law (including FATCA). If any Applicable Law requires the deduction or withholding of
any Tax from any such payment by the Company, then the Company shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely
pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is
an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Company shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has
been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Lender
receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding in respect of Indemnified Taxes been
made.

(b)Payment
of Other Taxes by the Company. The Company shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable
Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(c)Indemnification
by the Company. The Company shall indemnify each Lender, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified
Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such
Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect
thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.
A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent),
or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d)Indemnification
by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any
Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative
Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such
Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of 10.06 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any
Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any
Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally
imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to
any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent
to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative
Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d).

(e)Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Company to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 3.03,
the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority
evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent.

- 61 - 

(f)Status
of Secured Parties. (i) Any Secured Party that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect
to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested
by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or
the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition,
any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by
Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent
to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation
set forth in Section 3.03(f) (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable
judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially
prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii)Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing,

(A)any
Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes
a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent),
an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(B)any
Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by
the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter
upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:

(i)in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect
to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor
form establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of
such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E
or any applicable successor form establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business
profits or other income article of such tax treaty;

(ii)an executed IRS Form W-8ECI;

(iii)in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code,
(x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of
the Code, is not a 10 percent shareholder of the Company, any Pledgor or the Parent within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of
the Code, and is not a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S.
Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) an executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor
form; or

(iv)to
the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS
Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9,
and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;

- 62 - 

(C)any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed originals
of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax,
duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Company or the Administrative
Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D)if
a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to
comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of
the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law
and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable
Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested
by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations
under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount
to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made
to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

Each Lender agrees that if
any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form
or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(E)The
Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Company an electronic copy of an IRS Form W-9 upon becoming a party under this Agreement.
The Administrative Agent represents to the Company that it is a U.S. person and a financial institution within
the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 and a U.S. financial institution within the meaning of Treasury
Regulations Section 1.1471-3T and that it will comply with its obligations to withhold under Section 1441 and FATCA.

(g)Treatment
of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any
Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant
to this Section 3.03), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity
payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including
Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect
to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount
paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority)
in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant
to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the
indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been
paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information
relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

- 63 - 

(h)Survival.
Each partys obligations under this Section 3.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent
or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Financing Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction
or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

ARTICLE IV

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS

SECTION 4.01.Interest
Proceeds. The Company shall notify the obligor (or the relevant agent under the applicable Underlying Instruments) with respect to
each Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Interest Proceeds to the Interest Collection Account; provided
that Interest Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Interest Collection Account. To the extent Interest Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the Interest Collection Account
or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account, the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall
cause all Interest Proceeds on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Interest Collection Account or the applicable Permitted
Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to
be credited) to the Interest Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account all Interest
Proceeds received by it promptly upon receipt thereof in accordance with the written direction of the Portfolio Manager.

Interest Proceeds shall be
retained in the Interest Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account and held in cash
and/or (other than in the case of any Permitted Non-USD Interest Collection Accounts) invested (and reinvested) at the written direction
of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in Cash Equivalents selected by the Portfolio
Manager (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in which case, selected by the
Administrative Agent) (Eligible Investments). In the absence of any such written direction from the Company (or
the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, in accordance with this paragraph, Interest Proceeds
in the Interest Collection Account shall remain uninvested. Interest Proceeds in each Permitted Non-USD Interest Collection Account shall
remain uninvested.

Interest Proceeds on deposit
in the Interest Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account shall be withdrawn by the
Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf (or, following the occurrence and during
the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to
make payments in accordance with this Agreement or (ii) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted Tax Distributions in accordance
with this Agreement.

SECTION 4.02.Principal
Proceeds. The Company shall notify the obligor (or the relevant agent under the applicable Underlying Instruments) with respect to
each Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Principal Proceeds to the Principal Collection Account; provided
that Principal Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Principal Collection Account. To the extent Principal Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the Principal Collection Account
or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account, the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall cause
all Principal Proceeds received on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Principal Collection Account or the applicable Permitted
Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to
be credited) to the Principal Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account all Principal
Proceeds received by it promptly upon receipt thereof in accordance with the written direction of the Portfolio Manager.

- 64 - 

All Principal Proceeds shall
be retained in the Principal Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account and held in
cash and/or (other than in the case of the Permitted Non-USD Principal Collection Accounts) invested (and reinvested) at the written
direction of the Administrative Agent in Eligible Investments selected by the Portfolio Manager (unless an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in which case, selected by the Administrative Agent). All investment income on
such Eligible Investments shall constitute Interest Proceeds. In the absence of any such written direction from the Company (or the Portfolio
Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, in accordance with this paragraph, Principal Proceeds in the Principal
Collection Account shall remain uninvested. Principal Proceeds in each Permitted Non-USD Principal Collection Account shall remain uninvested.

Principal Proceeds on deposit
in the Principal Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account shall be withdrawn by the
Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance with
this Agreement, (ii) towards the purchase price of Portfolio Investments purchased in accordance with this Agreement or (iii) to
make Permitted Distributions or Permitted Tax Distributions in accordance with this Agreement, in each case with prior notice to the
Administrative Agent.

For the avoidance of doubt,
Principal Proceeds received in connection with the sale of any Portfolio Investment pursuant to Section 1.04 following a Market
Value Event shall be used to prepay Advances as set forth therein at the written direction of the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 4.03.Principal
and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee.

(a)The
Company shall pay the unpaid principal amount of the Advances (together with accrued interest thereon) to the Lenders on the Maturity
Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments and any and all cash in the Collateral Accounts shall be applied to the satisfaction
of the Secured Obligations on the Maturity Date and on each Additional Distribution Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments.

(b)Accrued
interest on the Advances shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, each Additional Distribution Date, (without duplication)
on the date of any Permitted Distribution or Permitted Tax Distribution and on the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments;
provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to the first proviso to Section 3.01(b) shall be payable on demand
and (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Advances, accrued interest on the principal amount so repaid or prepaid
shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment. Interest Payment Date means the fifth Business Day
after the last day of each Calculation Period.

(c)(i)Subject
to the requirements of this Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the right from time to time to prepay, without any premium or
penalty (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any costs referred to in subclause (ii) below and any premium payable pursuant
to Section 4.07 in connection with a contemporaneous reduction or termination of Financing Commitments) outstanding Advances (which
prepayment shall result in a termination of Financing Commitments only to the extent required pursuant to Section 4.07) in whole
or in part (A) on any Business Day that JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ceases to act as Administrative Agent, (B) in
connection with a Market Value Cure or (C) on any Business Day without regard to clauses (A) and (B). The Company shall notify
the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an executed document (attached
as a .pdf or similar file) of any prepayment pursuant to this Section 4.03(c)(i) not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time,
two (2) Business Days before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date
and the principal amount of the Advances to be prepaid. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall
advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Except in connection with a Market Value Cure, each partial prepayment of outstanding Advances
shall be in an amount not less than U.S.$1,000,000. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event of a prepayment in full, subject to the Priority of Payments, any remaining and outstanding fees owed to
the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary shall be paid in full to the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary.

- 65 - 

(ii)At
the request of any Lender, any prepayment pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i), whether in full or in part, that is made on a date other
than an Interest Payment Date shall be accompanied by any costs incurred by such Lender in respect of the breakage of its funding at
the applicable Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate for the related Calculation Period.

(d)The
Company agrees to pay to the Lenders (other than a Defaulting Lender), a commitment fee in accordance with the Priority of Payments which
shall accrue at the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate (or, with respect to each Lender that is a party to a Lender Fee Letter, in the amount
set forth in such Lender Fee Letter) on the average daily Unused Facility Amount of such Lender with respect to each Tranche during the
period from and including the date of this Agreement to but excluding the last day of the Reinvestment Period. Accrued commitment fees
shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, and on the date on which the Financing Commitments terminate. All commitment
fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first
day but excluding the last day). For purposes of determining the applicable Commitment Fee Rate to be applied against the Unused Facility
Amount of each Tranche, Advances shall be allocated first to the Effective Date Financing Commitment, second, to any increase
in the Financing Commitment set forth in a Commitment Increase Request that becomes effective prior to the Scheduled Financing Commitment
Increase Date, third, to the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase, and fourth to any increase in the Financing Commitment
set forth in a Commitment Increase Request that becomes effective after the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date.

(e)The
Company agrees to pay the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, an upfront fee in an aggregate amount and on the dates
set forth in the Effective Date Letter. Once paid, such fees or any part thereof shall not be refundable under any circumstances.

(f)Without
limiting Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the obligation from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances in whole or in
part on any date with proceeds from Capital Contributions and/or sales of Portfolio Investments directed by the Administrative Agent
pursuant to Section 1.04 and as set forth in Section 8.01(c). All such prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid
interest.

SECTION 4.04.MV
Cure Account.

(a)The
Company shall cause all cash received by it in connection with a Market Value Cure to be deposited in the MV Cure Account or remitted
to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit to the MV Cure Account such amounts received by it (and identified in
writing as such) immediately upon receipt thereof. Prior to the Maturity Date, all cash amounts in the MV Cure Account shall be invested
in overnight Eligible Investments at the written direction of the Administrative Agent (as directed by the Required Lenders); provided
that if the Collateral Agent does not receive such written direction from the Administrative Agent, cash amounts in the Interest
MV Cure Account shall remain uninvested. All amounts contributed to the Company by Parent in connection with a Market Value Cure shall
be paid free and clear of any right of chargeback or other equitable claim.

- 66 - 

(b)Amounts
on deposit in the MV Cure Account may be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative
Agent)) and remitted to the Company with prior notice to the Administrative Agent (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, to the Lenders for prepayment of Advances and reduction of
Financing Commitment); provided that the Company may not direct any withdrawal from the MV Cure Account if the Borrowing Base
Test is not satisfied (or would not be satisfied after such withdrawal).

SECTION 4.05.Priority
of Payments. On (w) each Interest Payment Date, (x) the Maturity Date, (y) each Agent Business Day after the occurrence
of a Market Value Event at the direction of the Administrative Agent (with two (2) Business Days notice to the Collateral
Agent and the Collateral Administrator, provided that any such notice received after 5:00 p.m. on an Agent Business Day shall be
deemed to have been received on the immediately succeeding Agent Business Day), and (z) each Agent Business Day after the occurrence
of an Event of Default and the declaration of the Secured Obligations as due and payable at the direction of the Administrative Agent
(with two (2) Business Days notice to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, provided that any such notice
received after 5:00 p.m. on an Agent Business Day shall be deemed to have been received on the immediately succeeding Agent Business
Day) (each date set forth in clauses (y) and (z) above, an Additional Distribution Date), the Collateral
Agent shall, at the written direction of the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf, distribute all amounts in the Collection
Accounts and the Permitted Non-USD Currency Collection Accounts as of the end of the related Calculation Period (or, in the case of an
Additional Distribution Date, one Agent Business Day immediately preceding such Additional Distribution Date) in the following order
of priority (the Priority of Payments):

(a)to
pay (i) first, amounts due or payable to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including fees, out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities, which shall also include all reasonable
and documented fees, costs and disbursements of counsel, agents and experts, and indemnities) up to a maximum amount under this subclause
(i) the sum of (x) 0.025% per annum multiplied by the sum of the aggregate principal amount of the Collateral (after conversion
to USD using clause (y) of the Spot Rate) as of the end of the related Calculation Period plus (y) U.S.$50,000 on each
Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date or the
Maturity Date, after giving effect to all payments of such amounts on any other Additional Distribution Date or Interest Payment Date
occurring in the same calendar quarter); provided that if any such amount is not utilized on any Payment Date then such unutilized
amount may be applied during any of the three succeeding Payment Dates and provided further that any limitation on such amounts
due or payable to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary shall be disregarded with the consent
of the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf); (ii) second, any other accrued and unpaid fees and
out-of-pocket expenses (other than the commitment fee payable to the Lenders, but including Lender indemnities) due hereunder and under
the Account Control Agreement, up to a maximum amount under this subclause (ii) of U.S.$50,000 on each Interest Payment Date, the
Maturity Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, after giving
effect to all payments of such amounts on any other Additional Distribution Date or Interest Payment Date occurring in the same calendar
quarter);

(b)to
pay (i) interest due in respect of the Advances and (ii) any increased costs and commitment fees payable to the Lenders (pro
rata based on amounts due);

- 67 - 

(c)to
pay (i) on each Interest Payment Date all prepayments of the Advances permitted or required under this Agreement (including any
applicable premium) and (ii) on the Maturity Date (and, if applicable, any Additional Distribution Date), principal of the Advances
until the Advances are paid in full;

(d)(i) prior
to the end of the Reinvestment Period, at the direction of the Portfolio Manager, to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account up to the Unfunded Exposure Amounts and (ii) after the Reinvestment Period,
to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account up to the Unfunded
Exposure Amount (without the requirement for any direction by the Portfolio Manager);

(e)to
pay all amounts set forth in clause (a) above not paid due to the limitation set forth therein and in the same order of priority;

(f)to
make any Permitted Distributions or Permitted Tax Distributions directed pursuant to this Agreement; and

(g)(i) on
any Interest Payment Date, to deposit any remaining amounts in the Principal Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Principal Collection Account as Principal Proceeds and (ii) on the Maturity Date and any Additional Distribution Date, any remaining
amounts to the Company.

Subject to Section 4.06(b),
with respect to any amounts payable under Sections 4.05(a) through (g) above resulting from an Advance denominated in a Permitted
Non-USD Currency, such amounts shall be paid, first, using Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds denominated in such Currency from
the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Collection Account and second, using Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds denominated
in USD and converted to such Permitted Non-USD currency in accordance with Section 4.06(b).

SECTION 4.06.Payments
Generally. (a)All payments to the Administrative Agent or
any Lender that is an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the account designated in writing
to the Company and the Collateral Agent for further distribution by the Administrative Agent (if applicable). All payments made to any
other Lender, the Portfolio Manager, the Company, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator (in the case of the Securities
Intermediary and the Collateral Agent, to the extent such Person is not the Collateral Agent) shall be made to such Person at the account
designated by such person in writing to the Collateral Agent. The Administrative Agent shall give at least two (2) Business Days
prior written notice to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator (on which the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator
may conclusively rely) and the Portfolio Manager of the calculation of amounts payable to the Lenders (including the applicable benchmarks)
in respect of the Advances and the amounts payable to the Portfolio Manager. At least two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest
Payment Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver an invoice to the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator
in respect of the interest due on such Interest Payment Date. All payments not made as specified above shall be made as directed in writing
to the account designated by the Administrative Agent, the Company or the applicable recipient to the Collateral Agent in writing. Subject
to Section 3.03 hereof, all payments by the Company hereunder shall be made without setoff or counterclaim. All interest calculated
using the Reference Rate (other than Term CORRA) or Term SOFR Reference Rate, as applicable, hereunder shall be computed on the basis
of a year of 360 days and all interest calculated using the Base Rate or Term CORRA hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year
of 365 days in each case, payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).

- 68 - 

(b)If,
at least four (4) Business Days prior to any Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date or an Additional Distribution Date, the
Company does not have a sufficient amount of funds in a Currency on deposit in the Collection Accounts or the Permitted Non-USD Currency
Collection Accounts in respect of the applicable Currency, as applicable, that will be needed (1) to pay to the Lenders all of the
amounts required to be paid in such applicable Currency on such date and/or (2) to pay any expenses required to be paid in accordance
with the Priority of Payments, in each case, in such Currency as required for such payment (a Currency Shortfall),
then, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred, the Company shall
exchange (or shall direct the Collateral Agent to exchange) amounts in another Currency in any applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Collection Account or Collection Account for the Currency in respect of which there is a Currency Shortfall in an amount necessary to
cure such Currency Shortfall. Each such exchange shall occur no later than one Business Day prior to such Interest Payment Date or Additional
Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable, and shall be made at the Spot Rate at the time of conversion. If for any reason
the Company shall have failed to effect any such currency exchange by the Business Day prior to such date, then the Administrative Agent
shall be entitled to (but shall not be obligated to) direct such currency exchange on behalf of the Company.

(c)At
any time following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative
Agent may in its sole discretion direct the Collateral Agent to exchange amounts held in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account for USD,
or exchange amounts in the Collection Account for any Permitted Non-USD Currency, in each case, at the Spot Rate for application hereunder.
In addition, if Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency have been converted to Advances denominated in USD pursuant to
Section 3.01(e)(3)(II), the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion direct the Collateral Agent to exchange amounts held
in such Permitted Non-USD Currency Account for USD at the Spot Rate for application hereunder at any time upon not less than two (2) Business
Days prior written notice (including via email) to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Company and the Portfolio Manager).

(d)Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts payable
for the account of a Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity or otherwise) shall be applied at such time or times
as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender
to the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document; second, as the Company may request (so long as no Market
Value Event has occurred and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to the funding of any Advance in respect
of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement and that has not otherwise been
funded, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be
held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations
with respect to Advances under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or any Agent as a result
of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or Agent against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such
Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; fifth, so long as no
Market Value Event has occurred and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the payment of any amounts owing
to the Company as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company against such Defaulting Lender
as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and sixth,
to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment
is a payment of the principal amount of any Advances in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate
share, and (y) such Advances were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 2.04 were satisfied or waived, such
payment shall be applied solely to pay the Advances of, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the
payment of any Advances of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Advances are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with
the Financing Commitments without giving effect to Section 2.02(e). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to
a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this
clause (d) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.

- 69 - 

SECTION 4.07.Termination
or Reduction of Financing Commitments.

(a)(i) Subject
to the requirements of this Section 4.07(a), the Company shall be entitled at its option on any Business Day after the Non-Call
Period (or on any date after JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ceases to act as Administrative Agent) to either (x) terminate
the Financing Commitments in whole upon payment in full of all Advances, all accrued and unpaid interest, all accrued and unpaid commitment
fees, all applicable premiums (if any) and all other Secured Obligations (other than unmatured contingent indemnification and reimbursement
obligations) or (y) reduce in part the portion of the Financing Commitments that exceeds the sum of the outstanding Advances (after
giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of Advances), provided that Company shall also be entitled to reduce the applicable
portion of the Financing Commitments under this clause (y) on any date to the extent (A) a Lenders Advance is being
prepaid, or a Lenders interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related transaction documents is being assigned
or transferred pursuant to Section 3.01(f)(vi)(A)(2) hereof and (B) in accordance with Section 2.06(f), JPMCB has
declined to be the assignee. The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator
by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as a .pdf or similar file) of any termination or reduction, as applicable, pursuant
to this Section 4.07(a)(i) not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days before the date of termination
or reduction, as applicable. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date of termination or reduction, as applicable,
and the principal amount of the Financing Commitments to be so terminated or reduced, as applicable. Promptly following receipt of any
such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial reduction of Financing Commitments
shall be in an amount not less than U.S.$1,000,000; and

(ii)Each
optional commitment termination or reduction pursuant to Section 4.07(a)(i) that is made, whether in full or in part, prior
to the date that is six (6) months following the end of the Non-Call Period, shall be accompanied by a premium equal to 1% of the
principal amount of Financing Commitments so terminated or reduced, as applicable (unless JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association has
ceased to act as Administrative Agent), provided that no such premium shall be due and payable if such commitment termination
or reduction is a result of the Lender(s) holding such Financing Commitments having asserted a claim for increased costs pursuant
to Section 3.01(f) hereof.

(b)The
Financing Commitments shall be automatically reduced on the date of any prepayment made in accordance with the definition of Market
Value Cure in an amount equal to the amount of such prepayment.

(c)The
Financing Commitments shall be automatically reduced by all amounts that are used to prepay or repay Advances following the occurrence
of a Market Value Event or an Event of Default.

(d)All
unused Financing Commitments as of the last day of the Reinvestment Period shall automatically be terminated.

- 70 - 

(e)The
Financing Commitments shall be irrevocably reduced by the amount of any repayment or prepayment of Advances following the last day of
the Reinvestment Period.

ARTICLE V

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER

SECTION 5.01.Appointment
and Duties of the Portfolio Manager.

The Company hereby appoints
the Portfolio Manager as its portfolio manager under this Agreement and to perform the investment management functions of the Company
set forth herein, and the Portfolio Manager hereby accepts such appointment. For so long as no Market Value Event has occurred and no
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to Section 1.04, the services to be provided by the Portfolio Manager
shall consist of (x) selecting, purchasing, managing and directing the investment, reinvestment and disposition of Portfolio Investments,
delivering Notices of Acquisition on behalf of and in the name of the Company and (y) acting on behalf of the Company for all other
purposes hereof and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Portfolio Manager agrees to comply with all covenants and restrictions
imposed on the Company herein and in each other Loan Document. The Company hereby irrevocably appoints the Portfolio Manager its true
and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution) in its name, place and stead and at its expense, in connection
with the performance of its duties provided for herein. Without limiting the foregoing:

(a)The
Portfolio Manager shall perform its obligations hereunder with reasonable care, using a degree of skill not less than that which the
Portfolio Manager exercises with respect to assets of the nature of the Portfolio Investments that it manages for itself and others having
similar investment objectives and restrictions and consistent with practices and procedures followed by institutional managers of national
standing relating to assets of the nature and character of the Portfolio; and

(b)The
Portfolio Manager shall not (and shall not cause the Company to) take any action that it knows or reasonably should know would (1) violate
the constituent documents of the Company in a manner adverse to the Lenders, (2) except as would not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, violate any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Company, (3) require registration of the
Company as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, or (4) subject to all applicable materiality
qualifiers contained in this Agreement, cause the Company to violate the terms of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any instruments
relating to the Portfolio Investments.

The Portfolio Manager may employ
third parties (including its Affiliates) to render advice (including investment advice) and assistance to the Company and to perform
any of the Portfolio Managers duties hereunder, provided that the Portfolio Manager shall not be relieved of any of its
duties or liabilities hereunder regardless of the performance of any services by third parties. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the
Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have the right to remove or replace the Portfolio Manager as investment adviser or portfolio
manager hereunder.

The Portfolio Manager shall
not be entitled to the payment of any management fees from the Company in connection with the performance of its duties under this Agreement;
provided that the Company and the Portfolio Manager may agree following the Effective Date that the Portfolio Manager shall receive
management fees in an amount consented to by the Administrative Agent in writing (including via email) without the requirement of an
amendment to this Agreement. Any such management fee shall be payable solely from Permitted Distributions.

- 71 - 

SECTION 5.02.Portfolio
Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc. The Portfolio Manager agrees to comply with all covenants and restrictions
imposed on the Company hereunder and not to act in contravention of this Agreement. The Portfolio Manager represents to the other parties
hereto that (a) as of the Trade Date or Substitution Date, as applicable, and Settlement Date for each Portfolio Investment purchased,
such Portfolio Investment meets all of the applicable Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent)
and, except as otherwise permitted hereunder, the Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied (unless otherwise consented to by the
Administrative Agent) and (b) all of the information contained in the related Notice of Acquisition is true, correct and complete
in all material respects; provided that, to the extent any such information was furnished to the Company by any third party, such
information is as of its delivery date true, complete and correct in all material respects to the knowledge of the Portfolio Manager.

SECTION 5.03.Indemnification.
The Portfolio Manager shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Agents, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator
and the Lenders and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, agents, employees and controlling persons
(each, an Indemnified Person) from and against any and all losses, claims, demands, damages or liabilities of any
kind, including legal fees and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel to each group of affiliated Indemnified Persons, and one
additional firm of outside counsel for any Indemnified Persons subject to an actual or perceived conflict of interest and such other
local counsel as shall be required (collectively, Liabilities), and shall reimburse each such Indemnified Person
on a current basis for all reasonable and documented expenses (including reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of counsel,
subject to the limitations above), incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating, preparing, responding to or
defending any investigative, administrative, judicial or regulatory action, suit, claim or proceeding, relating to or arising out of
(a) any breach by the Portfolio Manager of any of its obligations hereunder; (b) the failure of any of the representations
or warranties of the Portfolio Manager set forth herein to be true when made or when deemed made or repeated; (c) any Liabilities
that arise to the extent that such Liabilities or expenses are found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction
to have resulted from the gross negligence, recklessness, bad faith or willful misconduct of the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates
(including any affirmative act taken with the knowledge that it would cause liability under this Agreement); (d) fraud at the Company
or the Portfolio Manager; or (e) a Company Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(e), in each case except to the extent
that such Liabilities or expenses are found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted
from the gross negligence, recklessness, bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person. For the avoidance of doubt,
this Section 5.03 does not provide for indemnification that would have the effect of recourse for non-payment of the
Portfolio Investments due solely to the credit quality or performance of the Portfolio Investments (including Liabilities that represent
losses from Portfolio Investments due to the related obligors financial inability to pay) and not relating to or arising out of
the matters set forth in the clauses of the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Portfolio
Manager be liable for any consequential, indirect or special damages; provided, that nothing contained in this sentence shall
limit the Portfolio Managers indemnification obligations hereunder to the extent that such damages are included in a third party
claim in connection with which an Indemnified Person is entitled to indemnification hereunder.

This Section 5.03 shall
survive the termination of this Agreement, the resignation or removal of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary
and the repayment of all amounts owing to the Secured Parties hereunder.

- 72 - 

ARTICLE VI

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

SECTION 6.01.Representations
and Warranties. (i) The Company and, with respect to clauses (a) through (e), (l), (n), (o), (t) through (w) and
(aa), the Portfolio Manager each represents, and (ii) with respect to all clauses other than (f), (g), (m), (o), (q), (r), (s),
(z), (aa) and (cc), shall cause each Pledgor and (to the extent applicable to its capacity as general partner and ultimate general partner,
as applicable, of the Pledgors) the Ultimate Feeder General Partner to represent to the other parties hereto, solely with respect to
itself regardless of the scope of any such representations, that as of the date hereof and each Trade Date (or as of such other date
as maybe expressly set forth below):

(a)it
is duly formed, organized, registered or incorporated, as the case may be, and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its formation, organization, registration or incorporation, as applicable, and has all requisite power and authority
to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and to consummate the
transactions herein and therein contemplated;

(b)the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each such other Loan Document, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
herein and therein have been duly authorized by it and this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party
constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to (A) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (B) equitable
limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity
or at law);

(c)the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated herein and therein do not conflict with the provisions of its governing instruments and will not violate
in any material way any provisions of Applicable Law or regulation or any applicable order of any court or regulatory body and will not
result in the material breach of, or constitute a default, or require any consent, under any material agreement, instrument or document
to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound or affected;

(d)to
the knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Company, the Pledgor or the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, it is not subject to any
Adverse Proceeding;

(e)it
has obtained all consents and authorizations (including all required consents and authorizations of any Governmental Authority) that
are necessary or advisable to be obtained by it in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each
other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and each such consent and authorization is in full force and effect except where
the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(f)it
is not required to register as an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;

(g)it
has not issued any securities that are or are required to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and it is not a
reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act);

- 73 - 

(h)with
respect to (x) any Pledgor, it has no Indebtedness on or prior to the Transition Date, and (y) the Company, it has no Indebtedness
other than, in each case, (i) Indebtedness incurred or permitted to be incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents, (ii) Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents and (iii) if applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving
Loan;

(i)(x) it
does not have underlying assets which constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules; and (y) it
has not within the last six years sponsored, maintained, contributed to, had any liability with respect to, or been required to contribute
to any Plan and, except as could reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the Company, no ERISA Affiliate has any liability
with respect to any Plan;

(j)as
of the date of this Agreement it is, and after giving effect to any Advance it will be, Solvent and it is not entering into this Agreement
or any other Loan Document or consummating any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud
any of its creditors;

(k)it
is not in default under any other contract to which it is a party except where such default would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect;

(l)it
has complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws, judgments, agreements with governmental authorities, decrees and orders
with respect to its business and properties and the Portfolio;

(m)it
does not have any Subsidiaries or own any Investments in any Person other than the Portfolio Investments or Investments (i) constituting
Eligible Investments (as measured at their time of acquisition), (ii) acquired by the Company with the approval of the Administrative
Agent (including Parent Originated Investments), or (iii) those the Company shall have acquired or received as a distribution in
connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure, restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment or
any issuer thereof;

(n)(x) it
has disclosed to the Administrative Agent all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and
all other matters actually known to it that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result, in each case,
in a Material Adverse Effect (y) no information (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data or industry
information) heretofore furnished by or on behalf of it in writing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this
Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby (after taking into account all updates, modifications and supplements to such information)
contains (or, to the extent any such information was furnished by a third party, to the its knowledge contains), when taken as a whole,
as of its delivery date, any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and (z) as of the Effective Date, to the best of its
knowledge, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender
in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects;

(o)all
of the conditions to the acquisition of the Portfolio Investments specified in Section 1.03 have been satisfied or waived;

(p)it
has timely filed all material Tax returns required by Applicable Law to have been filed by it; all such Tax returns are true and correct
in all material respects; and it has paid or withheld (as applicable) all material Taxes owing or required to be withheld by it (if any)
as applicable, shown on such Tax returns, except in each case (x) any such Taxes which are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside in accordance with GAAP on its books and records or (y) to
the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

- 74 - 

(q)as
of the date hereof, the Company is treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

(r)the
Company is and will be wholly owned by the Parent, which is a U.S. Person;

(s)prior
to the date hereof, the Company has not engaged in any business operations or activities other than as an ownership entity for Portfolio
Investments and similar Loan or debt obligations and activities incidental thereto;

(t)neither
it, the Parent or, to the knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Company or the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, any other of its
subsidiaries, directors or officers is (i) a Sanctioned Person; (ii) a Person that resides or has a place of business in a
country or territory which is designated as a High-Risk Jurisdiction Subject to a Call for Action by the Financial Action
Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through such a jurisdiction; (iii) a Foreign
Shell Bank within the meaning of the PATRIOT Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and
that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision; or (iv) a
person or entity that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury
under Sections 311 or 312 of the PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. It is in material compliance
with all applicable Sanctions and also in material compliance with all applicable provisions of the PATRIOT Act;

(u)it
is the subject of and complies with policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by it, its agents and their respective
directors, managers, officers and employees (as applicable) with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company and its
officers and directors and, to its knowledge, its respective employees, members and agents are in compliance in all material respects
with applicable Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws, and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to
result in it being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (i) it or its directors, officers, managers or employees or (ii) to
the knowledge of it, any agent of it, as applicable, that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility
established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person;

(v)the
Loan Documents represent all of the material agreements between the Portfolio Manager, the Parent and each Pledgor, on the one hand,
and the Company, on the other, and it has good and marketable title to its Collateral, as applicable, free of any Liens (other than Permitted
Liens) and no effective financing statement (other than with respect to Permitted Liens) or other instrument similar in effect naming
or purportedly naming it or any of its Affiliates as debtor and covering all or any part of the Collateral is on file in any recording
office, except such as may have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent as Secured Party pursuant hereto, as necessary
or advisable in connection with the Participation Agreement or the Sale Agreement or which has been terminated;

(w)it
is not relying on any advice (whether written or oral) of any Lender, Agent or any of their respective Affiliates in connection with
it entering into and performing under this Agreement;

(x)there
are no judgments for Taxes with respect to it and no claim is being asserted with respect to its Taxes, except any such claims with respect
to Taxes (x) which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves shall have been
set aside in accordance with GAAP and (y) that could not be reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

- 75 - 

(y)upon
the making of each Advance, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, will have acquired a perfected, first priority
and valid security interest (except, as to priority, for any Permitted Liens) in the Collateral acquired with the proceeds of such Advance,
free and clear of any adverse claim (other than Permitted Liens) or restrictions on transferability;

(z)the
Parent is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended and has elected to be
treated as a business development company thereunder;

(aa)the
Portfolio Manager is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended;

(bb)no
ERISA Event has occurred, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(cc)all
proceeds of the Advances will be used by the Company only in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. No part of the proceeds
of any Advance will be used by the Company to purchase or carry any Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Advance nor the use of the
proceeds thereof will violate or be inconsistent with the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve Board. No Advance is secured, directly or indirectly, by Margin Stock, and the Collateral does not include Margin Stock; and

(dd)the
aggregate amount of the Unfunded Capital Commitments of all Investors as of the Effective Date is U.S.$362,510,000. The aggregate amount
of the Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments as of the Effective Date is U.S.$297,383,580.18. There are no Capital Call Notices outstanding
except as otherwise disclosed in writing to Administrative Agent. To its knowledge, no Investor is in default under the Constituent Documents
or its Subscription Agreement except as otherwise disclosed in writing to Administrative Agent. Each Pledgor is the sole legal and equitable
owner of the Capital Contributions resulting from any Capital Call on the Unfunded Capital Commitments of the Investors, has the sole
right to make Capital Calls on the Investors for payment of all or any portion of their Unfunded Capital Commitments and, prior to the
Effective Date, has satisfied all conditions to its rights to make a Capital Call, including any and all conditions contained in the
Constituent Documents; and

(ee)the
Minimum Funded Capital Commitment Condition is satisfied.

SECTION 6.02.Covenants
of the Company and the Portfolio Manager. (i) The Company and, with respect to clauses (e), (g), (h), (k), (o), (r), (v), (gg),
(hh) and (ii), the Portfolio Manager each hereby covenants and agrees, and (ii) with respect to clauses (b) (solely with respect
to sub-clause (iv)), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k), (l), (m), (o) (solely
with respect to sub-clause (ii)), (p) (solely with respect to sub-clauses (i)(C), (D) and (E)), (r), (aa),
(dd), (hh), (ii), (kk), (ll), (mm), (nn) and (oo), shall cause each Pledgor to covenant
and agree, solely with respect to itself regardless of the scope of any such covenants, that it:

- 76 - 

(a)shall
at all times: (i) maintain at least one independent manager, director or member (who is in the business of serving as an independent
manager or director) except while a vacancy is being filled as required by the terms of the Companys constituent documents; (ii) maintain
its own separate books and records (other than tax returns and documents related thereto) and bank accounts; (iii) hold itself out
to the public and all other Persons as a legal entity separate from any other Person (without limiting the foregoing, it is acknowledged
that for accounting purposes, the Company may be consolidated as required by GAAP and included in such Persons consolidated financial
statements); (iv) file its own Tax returns, except to the extent that the Company is treated as a disregarded entity
for Tax purposes and is not required to file any Tax returns under Applicable Law, and pay any Taxes so required to be paid under Applicable
Law, except for those Taxes being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and in respect of which the Company has established
proper reserves on its books in accordance with GAAP; (v) not commingle its assets with assets of any other Person; (vi) conduct
its business in its own name (except as may be required for U.S. federal income and applicable state and local tax purposes) and comply
with all organizational formalities necessary to maintain its separate existence; (vii) maintain separate financial statements,
except that the Companys financial statements may be consolidated with the financial statements of the sole member so long as
such financial statements indicate that the Company is a separate entity; (viii) pay its own liabilities only out of its own funds;
(ix) except as permitted hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, maintain an arms length relationship with the Parent
and each of its other Affiliates; (x) not hold out its credit or assets as being available to satisfy the obligations of others;
(xi) allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with an Affiliate, including for shared office space;
(xii) use separate stationery, invoices and checks; (xiii) except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, not pledge its
assets as security for the obligations of any other Person; (xiv) correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity;
(xv) maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purpose, transactions and liabilities and pay its operating
expenses and liabilities from its own assets;(xvi) not acquire the obligations or any securities of its Affiliates except as permitted
under the Loan Documents; (xvii) cause the managers, officer, agents and other representatives of the Company to act at all times
with respect to the Company consistently and in furtherance of the foregoing and in the best interests of the Company; and (xviii) maintain
at least one special member, who, upon the dissolution of the sole member or the withdrawal or the disassociation of the sole member
from the Company, shall immediately become the member of the Company in accordance with its organizational documents.

(b)shall
not (i) engage, directly or indirectly, in any business, other than the actions permitted pursuant to its constituent documents
and actions required or permitted to be performed under the preceding clause (a), including, other than with respect to any warrants
received in connection with a Portfolio Investment, controlling the decisions or actions respecting the daily business or affairs of
any other Person except as otherwise permitted hereunder (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not prohibit the Company from taking,
or refraining to take, any action under or with respect to a Portfolio Investment); (ii) fail to be Solvent; (iii) release,
sell, transfer, convey or assign any Portfolio Investment to the extent otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents; (iv) except
for capital contributions or capital distributions permitted under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and properly reflected
on the books and records of the Company, enter into any transaction with an Affiliate of the Company except on commercially reasonable
terms not materially less favorable to the Company (taken as a whole) than those available to unaffiliated parties in an arms-length
transaction; (v) identify itself as a department or division of any other Person; or (vi) own any material asset or property
other than the Collateral and other assets as permitted hereunder, the Participation Agreement, the Sale Agreement and the other Loan
Documents and the related assets and incidental personal property necessary for the ownership or operation of these assets and the operation
of the Company.

(c)shall
take all actions consistent with and shall not take any action contrary to the Facts and Assumptions sections in the opinions
of Bogal & Kahn LLP, dated the date hereof, relating to certain true sale and non-consolidation matters;

(d)shall
not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents,
(ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (iii) if applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term
Loan or Revolving Loan; provided that the Company shall not acquire any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan if such acquisition
would cause the Unfunded Exposure Amount, collateralized or uncollateralized, to exceed (x) 30% of the Collateral Principal Amount,
if during the Ramp-Up Period, and (y) 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount, if after the Ramp-Up Period, and (iv) Indebtedness
incurred under any hedge agreement or similar transaction to the extent permitted under this Agreement; provided that, on or after
the Transition Date, any Pledgor may incur Indebtedness not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement.

- 77 - 

(e)shall
comply in all material respects with all Anti-Corruption Laws in connection with this Agreement and applicable Sanctions and shall be
subject to and comply with policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects by the Company and
its directors, managers, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions;

(f)except
as expressly permitted under this Agreement, shall not amend (1) any of its constituent documents or (2) any document to which
it is a party, in each case with respect to clauses (1) and (2) above, in any manner that would reasonably be expected to adversely
affect the Lenders in any material respect, without, in each case, the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed);

(g)shall
not (A) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Agreement or any grant hereunder to be impaired, or permit the Lien of this
Agreement or any Security Agreement to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released
from any covenants or obligations with respect to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Advances, except as may be expressly
permitted hereby, (B) permit any Lien to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Collateral or any part
thereof, any interest therein or the proceeds thereof, in each case, other than Permitted Liens or (C) take any action that would
cause the Lien of this Agreement or any Security Agreement not to constitute a valid perfected security interest in the Collateral that
is of first priority, free of any adverse claim or the legal equivalent thereof, as applicable, except for Permitted Liens;

(h)shall
not, without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders), which consent may be withheld
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Required Lenders, enter into any hedge agreement; provided that, on or after the Transition
Date, any Pledgor may enter into any hedge agreement not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement;

(i)shall
not change its name, identity or corporate structure in any manner that would make any financing statement or continuation statement
filed by the Company (or by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Company at the direction of the Administrative Agent) in accordance
with subsection (a) above materially misleading or change its jurisdiction of organization, unless the Company shall have given
the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent at least 30 days (or such shorter period consented to by the Administrative Agent in
writing (including via email)) prior written notice thereof, and shall promptly file, or authorize the filing of, appropriate amendments
to all previously filed financing statements and continuation statements (and shall provide a copy of such amendments to the Collateral
Agent and Administrative Agent together with written confirmation to the effect that all appropriate amendments or other documents in
respect of previously filed statements have been filed);

(j)shall
do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to (i) preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence as a limited
liability company and take all reasonable action to maintain its rights, franchises, licenses and permits material to its business in
the jurisdiction of its formation and (ii) qualify and remain qualified as a limited liability company in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which such qualification is necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of the Loan Documents or any of the
Collateral;

- 78 - 

(k)shall
comply with all Applicable Law (whether statutory, regulatory or otherwise, including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, Investment
Company Act of 1940, as a as amended), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(l)shall
not merge into or consolidate with any Person or dissolve, be struck-off, terminate or liquidate in whole or in part, in each case, without
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and, if the Company is not the surviving entity, each Lender; provided that
from and after the Transition Date, any Pledgor may merge or consolidate with any Person (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the
Company), without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, to the extent such merger or consolidation would not reasonably
be expected (x) to adversely affect the Lenders rights hereunder or the Collateral or (y) to result in the occurrence
of an Event of Default;

(m)except
for Investments permitted by Section 6.02(u)(C) and without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, shall not
form, or cause to be formed, any Subsidiaries; or make or suffer to exist any Loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, or make
any investments (by way of transfer of property, contributions to capital, purchase of stock or securities or evidences of indebtedness,
acquisition of the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except investments as otherwise permitted
herein and pursuant to the other Loan Documents; provided that, on or after the Transition Date, any Pledgor may form, or cause
to be formed, any Subsidiaries to the extent not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement; provided further that, at all times prior
to the Transition Date, the Parent shall contribute or sell and deliver all Parent Originated Investments (other than (x) any Revolving
Loan or Delayed Funding Term Loan with an unfunded commitment or (y) as otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent in writing
in its sole discretion) to the Company promptly (and, subject to any applicable requirements for such contributed Parent Originated Investments
set forth herein (including any applicable exclusion and consent rights), in any event, the trade date with respect to such Parent Originated
Investment shall occur within five (5) Business Days) following the making or acquisition thereof.

(n)shall
ensure that (i) its affairs are conducted so that its underlying assets do not constitute Plan Assets, and (ii) it does not
sponsor, maintain, contribute to or become required to contribute to or has any liability with respect to any Plan; and (iii) no
ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes to or becomes required to contribute to any Plan that, could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(o)except
for the security interest granted hereunder and as otherwise permitted hereunder, (i) shall have good and marketable title to the
Portfolio Investments free of any other Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and (ii) shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to
any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on the Collateral or any interest therein (other than Permitted
Liens), and it shall defend the right, title, and interest of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) and the Lenders
in and to the Collateral against all claims of third parties claiming through or under it (other than Permitted Liens);

- 79 - 

(p)

(i)shall
promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall thereafter furnish to the Lenders, copies of the following
financial statements, reports and information: (A) as soon as available, but in any event by the later of (1) the 120th
day after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent or (2) in relation to the proviso below to this clause (i), the date on
which the applicable annual report on Form 10-K is due (subject to any applicable extensions) to be filed under the Exchange Act,
a copy of the audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such
year, the related consolidated and consolidating statements of income for such year and the related consolidated statements of changes
in net assets and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year; provided,
that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (A) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor
system of the Securities and Exchange Commission, in the Parents annual report on Form 10-K, shall be deemed delivered to
the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available; (B) as soon as available and in any event by the later
of (1) the 60th day after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal quarter of each
fiscal year) or (2) in relation to the proviso below to this clause (B), the date on which the applicable quarterly report on Form 10-Q
is due (subject to any applicable extensions) to be filed under the Exchange Act, an unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance
sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and including the prior comparable period
(if any), and the unaudited consolidated and consolidating statements of income of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such
fiscal quarter and for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, and
the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the
end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter; provided, that the financial statements required
to be delivered pursuant to this clause (B) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, in Parents quarterly report on Form 10-Q, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such
documents are made so available; (C) (x) as soon as available and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the
end of each calendar month, (y) unless no Unfunded Capital Commitments exist and the Company has certified in writing to the Administrative
Agent that no Unfunded Capital Commitments exist, at the time of any determination of the Borrowing Base Ratio in connection with any
Permitted Distribution, any Permitted Tax Distribution, any Purchase of a Portfolio Investment, any making of any Advance, any increase
in Financing Commitment, any Extended Financing Commitment or any Parent Originated Investment Distribution, and (z) at the time
of any Capital Call Notice, a list of Unfunded Capital Commitments and Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments with customary related reporting
(including, without limitation, changes to the contact information for any Investor (if any) and a report detailing any Exclusion Events
for any Investor or any transfer by an Investor) to be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or confirmation that there
has been no change in such information since delivery of the last report thereof); (D) as soon as available and in any event within
five (5) Business Days following notification to the Investors of any Returned Capital, deliver to the Administrative Agent copies
of all Capital Return Notices and a Capital Return Certification duly executed by the applicable Pledgor certifying that such Returned
Capital of the applicable Investor has been added back into the applicable Investors Unfunded Capital Commitment and confirming
the Unfunded Capital Commitment of the applicable Investor after giving effect to the Returned Capital (and the effective date on which
an Investors Unfunded Capital Commitment increases by Returned Capital for purposes of this Agreement shall be the date on which
Pledgors have delivered to Lender duly completed copies of the items required by this clause (D)); and (E) from time to time, such
other information or documents (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request, including,
without limitation, information with respect to the list of Unfunded Capital Commitments.

(ii)shall
promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent as soon as available, but no later than the date any financial statements are due pursuant
to Section 6.02(p)(i)(A) or (B), a compliance certificate, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company to be true and
correct, (a) stating whether any Default or Event of Default exists; (b) stating that Company is in compliance with the covenants
set forth in this Agreement, including a certification that the Collateral has been Delivered to the Collateral Agent; and (c) stating
that the representations and warranties of Company contained in Article IV, or in any other Loan Document, or which are contained
in any document furnished at any time or in connection herewith or therewith, are true and correct in all material respects on and as
of the date thereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case
they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date;

- 80 - 

(q)shall
pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall become delinquent, all Taxes levied or imposed upon it or upon
its income, profits or property; provided that it shall not be required to pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged
any such Tax (i) the amount, applicability or validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and
for which disputed amounts adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been made or (ii) the failure of which to pay or discharge
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(r)shall
permit representatives of the Administrative Agent at any time and from time to time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request,
and at the Company and/or the applicable Pledgors reasonable expense, as applicable, (A) to inspect and make copies of and
abstracts from its records relating to the Portfolio Investments and other Collateral and (B) to visit its properties in connection
with the collection, processing or managing of the Portfolio Investments and other Collateral for the purpose of examining such records,
and to discuss matters relating to the Portfolio Investments and other Collateral or such Persons performance under this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents with any officer or employee or auditor (if any) of such Person having knowledge of such matters (including,
if requested by the Administrative Agent, quarterly telephone conferences with representatives of the Company with respect to review
of the Portfolio Investments and other Collateral). The Company agrees, and shall cause each Pledgor to agree, to render to the Administrative
Agent such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested with regard to the foregoing; provided that such assistance
shall not interfere in any material respect with the Companys or the Portfolio Managers business and operations. So long
as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred, such visits and inspections shall occur
only (i) upon five (5) Business Days prior written notice, (ii) during normal business hours and (iii) no
more than once in any calendar year. Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or following the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default, there shall be no limit on the timing or number of such inspections and only one (1) Business Days
prior notice will be required before any inspection. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (r), neither the Company,
any Pledgor nor the Portfolio Manager will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts
of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter (including on any quarterly telephone conference) that (x) constitutes non-financial trade
secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (y) in respect of which access or inspection by, or disclosure to, the
Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by Applicable Law or any binding
confidentiality agreement or (z) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product;

(s)shall
not use any part of the proceeds of any Advance, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the
regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America, including Regulations T, U and X;

(t)shall
not make any Restricted Payments without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that the Company may
make Parent Originated Investment Distributions, Permitted Distributions and/or Permitted Tax Distributions subject to the other requirements
of this Agreement;

(u)shall
not make or hold any Investments, except (A) the Portfolio Investments or Investments constituting Eligible Investments (measured
at the time of acquisition), (B) those that have been consented to by the Administrative Agent (including Parent Originated Investments)
or (C) those the Company shall have acquired or received as a distribution in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure,
restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof;

- 81 - 

(v)shall
not request any Advance, and the Company and, with respect to clauses (B) and (C), the Portfolio Manager, shall not directly or,
to the knowledge of the Company or the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, indirectly, use, and shall procure that its subsidiaries, Affiliates,
directors, officers, employees and agents shall not directly or, to the knowledge of the Company or the Portfolio Manager, as applicable,
indirectly use, the proceeds of any Advance (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment
or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding,
financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except
to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation
of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto;

(w)other
than (i) with the written consent (including via email) of the Administrative Agent, (ii) pursuant to the Sale Agreement (including
with respect to Parent Originated Investments) or (iii) as a Substitution permitted under Section 1.08, shall not transfer
to any of its Affiliates any Portfolio Investment purchased from any of its Affiliates other than: (A) sales to Affiliates conducted
on terms and conditions consistent with those of an arms length transaction and at fair market value; (B) from and after
the Transition Date, distributions of Parent Originated Investments to the Parent that (i) do not satisfy the Concentrations Limitations
or (ii) are not otherwise included in the determination of the Asset Borrowing Base (Parent Originated Investment Distributions);
provided that, (w) before and after giving effect thereto, no Market Value Event has occurred, no Market Value Trigger Event
has occurred and is continuing or will occur therefrom and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (x) the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied (and will be satisfied after giving effect to such Parent Originated Investment Distribution), (y) such
Parent Originated Investment Distribution satisfies the applicable conditions as set forth in the definition of Permitted Distribution,
and (z) the Company and the Administrative Agent confirm in writing (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral
Administrator that the conditions set forth in this clause (B) are satisfied; or (C) from and after the Transition Date, distributions
of Portfolio Investments to the Parent as Permitted Distributions subject to the other requirements of this Agreement, provided
that nothing in this clause (C) shall affect the ability of (1) the Company to distribute Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds
to the Parent, or (2) the Parent to purchase Portfolio Investments from the Company, in each case in accordance with this Agreement;

(x)shall
post on a password protected website maintained by the Administrative Agent to which the Portfolio Manager will have access or deliver
via email to the Administrative Agent, with respect to each Portfolio Investment, without duplication of any other reporting requirements
set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (A) any management discussion and analysis provided by the related obligor
and actually received by the Portfolio Manager, (B) any financial reporting packages provided by the related obligor and actually
received by the Portfolio Manager and (C) any written notifications of Portfolio Investment Material Events with respect to such
Portfolio Investment or the related obligor received by the Company or the Portfolio Manager (including, in each case, any attached or
included information, statements and calculations). The Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall post or deliver via email
all information and notices set forth in the immediately preceding sentence (1) in the case of notifications of Portfolio Investment
Material Events, within two (2) Business Days of receipt thereof by the Company or the Portfolio Manager and (2) in all other
cases, within five (5) Business Days of the receipt thereof by the Company or the Portfolio Manager. The Company shall cause the
Portfolio Manager to provide such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to any Portfolio
Investment or obligor (to the extent reasonably available to the Portfolio Manager);

- 82 - 

(y)shall
not elect to be classified as other than a disregarded entity or partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, nor shall the Company
take any other action or actions that would cause it to be classified, taxed or treated as a corporation or publicly traded partnership
taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (including transferring interests in the Company on or through an established
securities market or secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof)), within the meaning of Section 7704(b) of the
Code (and Treasury regulations thereunder);

(z)shall
only have partners or owners that are treated as U.S. Persons or that are disregarded entities owned by a U.S. Person and shall not recognize
the transfer of any interest in the Company that constitutes equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes to a Person that is not a U.S.
Person;

(aa)shall
from time to time if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party, execute and deliver
all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance
and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be reasonably necessary (i) to secure the rights and remedies of
the Secured Parties hereunder, the Company under the Parent Security Agreement and the Parent under the Feeder Fund Security Agreement,
(ii) to grant more effectively all or any portion of the Collateral, maintain or preserve the security interest (and the priority
thereof) of this Agreement, and each Security Agreement, (iii) to carry out more effectively the purposes hereof, perfect, publish
notice of or protect the validity of any grant made or to be made by this Agreement and each Security Agreement, or (iv) to preserve
and defend (A) title to the Collateral and the rights therein of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties in the Collateral
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, their rights in the Pledgor Collateral pursuant to the cascading pledges made under the Collateral
Documents, the rights of the Parent with respect to the Feeder Collateral and the rights of the Company with respect to the Parent Collateral)
against the claims of all Persons and parties, pay any and all Taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Collateral and use
its commercially reasonable efforts to minimize Taxes and any other costs arising in connection with its activities or give, execute,
deliver, file and/or record any financing statement, notice, instrument, document, agreement or other papers that may be necessary or
desirable to create, preserve, perfect or validate the security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement and each Security Agreement
or to enable the Collateral Agent, the Parent and the Company to exercise and enforce its rights hereunder and thereunder with respect
to such pledge and security interest, and hereby authorizes, and shall cause each Pledgor to authorize, the Collateral Agent to file
(but the Collateral Agent shall have no duty or obligation to file) a UCC financing statement against each applicable Credit Risk Party
(save in relation to the Ultimate Feeder General Partner, only to the extent that it is acting in its capacity as general partner or
ultimate general partner of the Feeder Fund and Feeder Fund General Partner) listing all assets of the debtor (or substantially
similar language) in the collateral description of such financing statement;

(bb)shall
use all commercially reasonable efforts to elevate all Participation Interests to absolute assignments within the applicable then-current
standard settlement timeframes;

(cc)shall
not hire any employees;

- 83 - 

(dd)shall
not maintain any bank accounts or securities accounts (or, in the case of any Pledgor, any bank accounts or securities accounts into
which any monies or sums initially paid or to be paid by any Investor as Capital Contributions as and when Capital Contributions are
made pursuant to the Capital Call Notices other than any such accounts referred to in Section 8.02(b)(i) hereof) other than
the applicable Collateral Accounts, provided that there shall be no restriction on any Pledgor (i) maintaining any other
bank account where Capital Contributions from Investors are not deposited in accordance with Section 8.02(b)(i) hereof or (ii) withdrawing
or transferring Capital Contributions to any such other account following initial deposit into a Collateral Account so long as before
and after giving effect to any such withdrawal or transfer, (w) no Market Value Event has occurred, no Market Value Trigger Event
has occurred and is continuing or will occur therefrom and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (x) the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied (and will be satisfied after giving effect to such transfer), (y) the Administrative Agent confirms
in writing (which may be by email) to the Pledgor that the conditions to a withdrawal or transfer set forth herein are satisfied, and
(z) any such transfer or withdrawal otherwise complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided, further
that amounts may be withdrawn from a Pledgor Collateral Account for the purpose of funding unfunded commitments with respect to a
Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan that is a Portfolio Investment pledged hereunder or is to be, within two (2) Business
Days, assigned, sold or otherwise transferred to the Company to be pledged hereunder so long as before and after giving effect to any
such withdrawal or transfer and related use of proceeds, (x) no Market Value Event has occurred, no Market Value Trigger Event has
occurred and is continuing or will occur therefrom and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (y) the Administrative
Agent confirms in writing (which may be by email) to the Pledgor that the conditions to a withdrawal or transfer set forth herein are
satisfied, and (z) any such transfer or withdrawal otherwise complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided,
further, and for the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no restriction on any Pledgor transferring Capital Contributions from one
Pledgor Collateral Account to another Collateral Account;

(ee)except
as otherwise expressly permitted herein, shall not cancel or terminate any of the Underlying Instruments in respect of a Portfolio Investment
to which it is party or beneficiary (in any capacity), or consent to or accept any cancellation or termination of any of such agreements
unless (in each case) the Administrative Agent shall have consented thereto in writing in its sole discretion;

(ff)shall
not make or incur any capital expenditures except as reasonably required to perform its functions in accordance with this Agreement;

(gg)shall
not cancel, terminate or consent to or accept any cancellation or termination of, amend, modify or change in any manner any term or condition
of Section 5.01 in any manner that adversely affects the Lenders in any material respect;

(hh)shall
not, in violation of Sanctions, act on behalf of, a country, territory, entity or individual that, at the time of such act, is the subject
or target of Sanctions, and none of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates, owners, directors or officers
is a Sanctioned Person. The Company does not own and will not acquire, and the Portfolio Manager will not cause the Company to own or
acquire, any security issued by, or interest in, any country, territory, or entity whose direct ownership would be or is prohibited under
Sanctions for a natural person or entity required to comply with Sanctions;

(ii)shall
give notice to the Administrative Agent (and with copies forwarded to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent following receipt) promptly
in writing upon (and in no event later than (x) in the case of an Event of Default or an event specified in clauses (2), (5) or
(6) below, one (1) Business Day after and (y) in all other cases, three (3) Business Days after) the occurrence of
any of the following (except as otherwise previously disclosed pursuant to this Agreement):

(1)any
Adverse Proceeding;

(2)any
Default or Event of Default;

- 84 - 

(3)a
Responsible Officer of the Company or the Portfolio Manager obtaining actual knowledge of any adverse claim asserted against any of the
Portfolio Investments, the Collateral Accounts or any other Collateral;

(4)any
change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to any Lender that would result in a change to
the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification; and

(5)a
Responsible Officer of the Company or the Portfolio Manager obtaining actual knowledge of any Portfolio Investment becoming an Ineligible
Investment; and

(6)the
occurrence of an Exclusion Event with respect to any Investor;

(jj)shall
provide to the Administrative Agent (x) as soon as available and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the end of
each calendar quarter, commencing after the calendar month ending January, 2025, the identity of each Portfolio Investment that is a
Partial PIK Obligation and the portion of interest payable under such Partial PIK Obligation that is actually being paid in kind rather
than in cash (with such update to be substantially in the form of Schedule 7 and which may be delivered via email) and (y) from
time to time, such other information or documents (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably
request with respect to any Partial PIK Obligation.

(kk)shall
(i) notify the Administrative Agent of any proposed amendment, supplement, consent, waiver, change, or other modification to any
Constituent Document prior to enacting such proposed amendment and the Administrative Agent shall notify such Pledgor within five (5) Business
Days of confirmed receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, whether the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, deems such
proposed amendment, supplement, consent, waiver, change or other modification to be a material amendment adversely affecting the rights
of the Secured Parties in the Collateral (a Constituent Document Material Amendment), (ii) not effect any Constituent
Document Material Amendment without the consent of the Administrative Agent and (iii) notify the Administrative Agent promptly in
writing (x) with respect to any Constituent Document Material Amendment within one (1) Business Day of the execution thereof
and (y) with respect to any other amendment, supplement, consent, waiver, change or other modification to any Constituent Document
by the next delivery of financial statements and, in each case, furnish to the Administrative Agent copies of all such executed documents
and other documents executed or delivered in connection therewith;

(ll)shall
not issue any Capital Call Notice or otherwise request, notify, or demand that any Investor make any Capital Contribution unless the
Borrowing Base Test will be satisfied after giving effect to such Capital Contribution and uses of proceeds thereof and without delivering
to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days of delivery of such Capital Call Notices, an example of the Capital Call
Notice and summary of each Investor from whom a Capital Contribution is being sought (or a copy of the form thereof);

(mm)shall
not, (i) without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent (which may be withheld in the reasonable discretion of Administrative
Agent), grant its consent to cancel, suspend, reduce, excuse, reallocate, defer or abate the Unfunded Capital Commitment of any Investor;
and (ii) without the prior written approval of Administrative Agent and the Lenders: (A) consent to any Investment Exclusion
Event or (B) otherwise excuse any Investor from or permit any Investor to defer any Pending Capital Contribution subject to a Capital
Call made to cure a Default, an Event of Default, a Market Value Event or otherwise made at the direction of the Collateral Agent (acting
at the direction of the Administrative Agent);

- 85 - 

(nn)shall
ensure and procure that each PF Act Party shall (a) register with CIMA in accordance with the PF Act and provide evidence of such
registration, in a form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the date such Person becomes a PF Act Party, (b) duly
maintain such registration in accordance with the PF Act, (c) promptly comply with any requests and instructions issued by CIMA
in connection with the PF Act to the extent that a failure to do so might reasonably be expected, in time, to result in the loss or revocation
of such registration and (d) promptly notify the Administrative Agent in the event any PF Act Party receives notice of deregistration
from CIMA;

(oo)shall
ensure that each Credit Risk Party incorporated, formed or registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands and providing security in
respect of its Unfunded Capital Commitments hereunder or pursuant to a Security Agreement shall deliver a notice of security interests
in the applicable Collateral, in a form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, to each investor in such Credit Risk Party within three
(3) Business Days of the later of (i) the date of this Agreement, (ii) the date on which such Person becomes a Credit
Risk Party or (iii) the date on which such Person becomes an investor in the applicable Credit Risk Party, in each case together
with evidence of delivery of such notices in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

(pp)shall
comply with the Minimum Funded Capital Commitment Condition at all times;

(qq)shall
notify the Administrative Agent of the effectiveness of any transfer of all or a portion of any limited partnership, exempted limited
partnership or trust interests of any Included Investor in any Pledgor at least five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period agreed
to by the Administrative Agent) before the effectiveness of such transfer, and shall, promptly upon receipt thereof, deliver to the Administrative
Agent copies of any proposed assignment agreement and other documentation delivered to, or required of such Included Investor by, the
applicable Pledgor. In order for a new Investor to be deemed to be an Included Investor, such new Investor must satisfy the criteria
therefor as set out in this Agreement. No Credit Risk Party shall permit the transfer of the limited partnership, exempted limited partnership
or trust interests of any Investor (i) if (x) after giving pro forma effect thereto, the Borrowing Base Test is not satisfied
or (y) if the transferee will not be an Included Investor, such transfer, together with all transfers from the Effective Date to
transferees that are not Included Investors, represents 10% or more of the aggregate Unfunded Capital Commitments of all Investors, unless
the Administrative Agent has provided its prior written consent to any such transfer, and (ii) to a Sanctioned Person; and

(rr)shall
ensure that each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent is provided copies of the account statements or granted read
only access to each Collateral Account, as applicable.

SECTION 6.03.Amendments
of Portfolio Investments, Etc. If the Company or the Portfolio Manager receives any notice or other formal written communication
concerning any amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or other modification of any Portfolio Investment or any related Underlying Instrument
or rights thereunder which in the commercially reasonable judgement of the Portfolio Manager is not solely ministerial and clerical in
nature (each, an Amendment) with respect to any Portfolio Investment or any related Underlying Instrument, or makes
any affirmative determination to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights or remedies thereunder, it will give prompt (and in any
event, not later than three (3) Business Days) notice thereof to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral
Agent). In any such event, the Company shall exercise all voting and other powers of ownership relating to such Amendment or the exercise
of such rights or remedies as the Portfolio Manager shall deem appropriate under the circumstances; provided that if an Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, the Company will exercise all voting and other powers
of ownership as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) shall instruct (it being understood that if
the terms of the related Underlying Instrument expressly prohibit or restrict any such rights given to the Administrative Agent, then
such right shall be limited to the extent necessary so that such prohibition or restriction is not violated). In any such case, following
the Companys receipt thereof, the Company shall promptly provide to the Administrative Agent copies of all executed amendments
to Underlying Instruments, executed waiver or consent forms or other documents executed or delivered in connection with any Amendment.

- 86 - 

ARTICLE VII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If any of the following events
(each, an Event of Default) shall occur:

(a)the
Company shall fail to pay any amount owing by it in respect of the Secured Obligations (whether for principal, interest, fees or other
amounts) when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof
or otherwise and, solely in the case of amounts other than principal and interest, such failure continues for a period of two (2) Business
Days following the earlier of (x) the Company becoming aware of such failure or (y) receipt of written notice by the Company
of such failure unless its failure to pay is caused by an administrative or technical error, in which case such period shall be extended
by one (1) additional Business Day;

(b)any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Ultimate Feeder General Partner,
the Parent Seller or a Pledgor (each, a Credit Risk Party and, collectively, the Credit Risk Parties)
herein or in any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, or other
document (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data or industry information) furnished pursuant hereto
or in connection herewith or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material
respect when made or deemed made (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria
after the date of its purchase shall not constitute a failure) and if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue
for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party of written notice of such inaccuracy from
the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party becoming aware of such inaccuracy;

(c)(A) the
Company, the Portfolio Manager or a Pledgor (in the case of a Pledgor, as incorporated pursuant to the applicable Acknowledgment and
Confirmation) shall fail to observe or perform any applicable covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 6.02(a)(i) through
(vii), (xi), (xiv) or (xix), (b)(i) through (iv), (d), (f), (h), (i), (l), (m), (o), (t), (v), (w), (cc), (hh), (ii)(2), (kk),
(ll), (mm), (nn), (oo), (pp), (qq), (ss), Section 8.02(b) or the last sentence of the first paragraph of Section 1.04
or (B) any Credit Risk Party shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, condition or agreement contained herein (it being
understood that the failure of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not constitute
such a failure) or in any other Loan Document and, in the case of this clause (B), if such failure is capable of being remedied, such
failure shall continue for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party of written notice
of such failure from the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party becoming aware of such failure;

- 87 - 

(d)an
involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, provisional liquidation,
reorganization or other relief in respect of any Credit Risk Party or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal,
state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Credit Risk Party (save in relation to the Ultimate Feeder
General Partner, only to the extent of its interests in the Feeder Fund and Feeder Fund General Partner) or for a substantial part of
its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving
or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;

(e)any
Credit Risk Party shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, striking-off, provisional
liquidation, restructuring, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, restructuring, insolvency,
receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate
manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (d) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of
a receiver, trustee, custodian, restructuring officer, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for such Credit Risk Party or for
a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such
proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting
any of the foregoing;

(f)any
Credit Risk Party shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;

(g)the
passing of a resolution by the equity holders of the Company or any Pledgor in respect of the winding up on a voluntary basis of the
Company or any Pledgor;

(h)any
final judgments or orders (not subject to appeal or otherwise non-appealable) by one or more courts of competent jurisdiction for the
payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of U.S.$1,000,000, in each case, (after giving effect to insurance, if any, available
with respect thereto) shall be rendered against any Credit Risk Party, and the same shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated, unbonded or
unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired;

(i)(i) an ERISA Event occurs, except where such ERISA Event would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (ii) the assets of the Company or the Parent constitutes Plan
Assets;

(j)a Change of Control occurs;

(k)the
Company, any Pledgor or the pool of Collateral shall become required to register as an investment company within the meaning
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;

(l)the Portfolio Manager (i) resigns as Portfolio Manager under
this Agreement, (ii) assigns any of its obligations or duties as Portfolio Manager in contravention of the terms of this
Agreement or (iii) otherwise ceases to act as Portfolio Manager in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and, in each
case, an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager is not appointed (and has accepted such appointment) in accordance this
Agreement;

(m)a
Borrowing Base Default has occurred; or

- 88 - 

(n)(i) failure
of the Company to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account or any applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account when required
in accordance with Section 2.02(f) other than in the case that any Lender fails to make the Advance required in accordance
with Section 2.02(f) or (ii) failure of the Company to satisfy its obligations in respect of unfunded obligations
with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan (including the payment of any amount in connection with the sale thereof
to the extent required under this Agreement); provided that the failure of the Company to undertake any action set forth in this
clause (n) is not remedied within two (2) Business Days; or

(o)the
Parent, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates, if any, shall repudiate, challenge, or declare unenforceable its
obligation to make contributions to the capital of the Company or a Pledgor pursuant to its Capital Commitments, or shall otherwise disaffirm
the provisions of its Constituent Document, or shall fail to make a contribution to the capital of the Company or any Pledgor when required
pursuant to the applicable Capital Call Notice (without regard to any notice or cure periods or any other circumstances whatsoever);

then, and in every such event (other than an
event with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article), and at any time thereafter in each case
during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the
Company (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate
the Financing Commitments, and thereupon the Financing Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare all of the Secured
Obligations then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any Secured Obligations not so declared to be
due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the Secured Obligations so declared to be due and payable,
together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable
immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company; and in
case of any event with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article, the Financing Commitments shall
automatically terminate and all Secured Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations
of the Company accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of
any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company.

ARTICLE VIII

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY

SECTION 8.01.The
Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control.

(a)Establishment
and Maintenance of Company Collateral Accounts. The Company hereby appoints the Securities Intermediary to establish, and the Securities
Intermediary does hereby establish pursuant to the Securities Account Control Agreement, each of the Custodial Account, the Principal
Collection Account, the Interest Collection Account, the MV Cure Account and the Unfunded Exposure Account (collectively, the USD
Collateral Accounts and, together with the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts, the Company Collateral Accounts).
In addition, the Company hereby appoints the Securities Intermediary to establish, and the Securities Intermediary does hereby establish
pursuant to the Securities Account Control Agreement, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts for the purposes of holding cash and Portfolio
Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency pursuant to the terms hereof; provided that it is understood and agreed
that, notwithstanding the establishment of such Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts as set forth above, the Permitted Non-USD Currency
Accounts in respect of any Permitted Non-USD Currency shall not be available for the receipt of cash and Portfolio Investments until
such time as the Securities Intermediary notifies the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent
in writing (including via email) that such accounts are operational and available to receive such cash and Portfolio Investments (and
neither the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Agent shall have any liability for any failure or delay in the receipt of such
cash or Portfolio Investments) (each such notice, a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening Notice). The Securities
Intermediary agrees to maintain the Company Collateral Accounts in accordance with the Securities Account Control Agreement as a securities
intermediary (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC), in the name of the Company subject to the lien of the
Collateral Agent. The Securities Intermediary shall have the right to open such subaccounts of any such Company Collateral Account as
it deems necessary or appropriate for convenience of administration of this Agreement.

- 89 - 

(b)Investment
of Funds on Deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account. All amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested (and
reinvested) at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in Eligible
Investments; provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following a Market Value
Event, all amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested, reinvested and otherwise disposed of at the written
direction of the Administrative Agent delivered to the Collateral Agent. In the absence of any such written direction from the Company
(or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, in accordance with this paragraph, amounts on deposit
in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall remain uninvested. Income earned on such Eligible Investments shall be deposited into the Interest
Collection Account. Amounts on deposit in the Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Accounts shall remain uninvested.

(c)Unfunded
Exposure Account and Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Accounts.

(i)Amounts
may be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or any applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account from time
to time in accordance with Section 4.05. Amounts shall also be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or each applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account as set forth in Section 2.02(f).

(ii)While
no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred and subject to satisfaction of the Borrowing
Base Test (after giving effect to such release), the Portfolio Manager may direct, by means of an instruction in writing to the Securities
Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), the release of funds on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account or any applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account (i) for the purpose of funding the Companys unfunded commitments with
respect to Delayed Funding Term Loans and Revolving Loans, for deposit into the Principal Collection Account or the applicable Permitted
Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account and (ii) so long as no Unfunded Exposure Shortfall exists or would exist (in each
case, either with respect to the applicable Currency or in the aggregate) after giving effect to the withdrawal. Following the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, at the written direction of the
Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), the Securities Intermediary shall
transfer all amounts in the Unfunded Exposure Account and any applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account to the
Principal Collection Account (following conversion (as directed by the Company) of such amounts to USD at the Spot Rate in the case of
amounts on any Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account) to be applied pursuant to Section 4.05. Upon the direction
of the Company by means of an instruction in writing to the Securities Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator, the
Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent), any amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account or any applicable Permitted Non-USD
Currency Unfunded Exposure Account in excess of outstanding funding obligations of the Company shall be released to the Collection Account
to prepay the outstanding Advances (following conversion (as directed by the Company) of such amounts to USD at the Spot Rate in the
case of amounts on any Permitted Non-USD Currency Unfunded Exposure Account); provided that any such prepayment does not cause
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances to be less than the Minimum Funding Amount.

- 90 - 

SECTION 8.02.Collateral
Security; Pledge; Delivery.

(a)Grant
of Security Interest. As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due of all the Companys obligations to the
Agents, the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary (collectively, the Secured Parties)
under this Agreement (collectively, the Secured Obligations), the Company hereby charges, assigns by way of security
and pledges to the Collateral Agent and grants a continuing security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent in all of the Companys
right, title and interest in, to and under (in each case, whether now owned or existing, or hereafter acquired or arising) all accounts,
payment intangibles, general intangibles, chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, instruments, deposit accounts, letter-of-credit rights,
investment property, and any and all other property of any type or nature owned by it (all of the property described in this clause (a)(i) being
collectively referred to herein as Company Collateral), including, without limitation: (1) each Portfolio Investment,
(2) all of the Companys interests in the Collateral Accounts and all investments, obligations and other property from time
to time credited thereto, (3) the Participation Agreement, the Sale Agreement, any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, each security interest and Lien in and to the Parent Security Agreement, Feeder Fund Security Agreement, each Acknowledgment
and Confirmation and each Pledgor Collateral Account), and all rights related to each such agreement, (4) all other property of
the Company and (5) all proceeds thereof, all accessions to and substitutions and replacements for, any of the foregoing, and all
rents, profits and products of any thereof.

(b)Delivery
and Other Perfection. In furtherance of the collateral arrangements contemplated herein and in the Security Agreements, the Company
shall (i) (1) Deliver to the Collateral Agent the Collateral hereunder as and when acquired by the Company; (2) if any
of the securities, monies or other property pledged by the Company hereunder are received by the Company forthwith take such action as
is necessary to ensure the Collateral Agents continuing perfected security interest in such Collateral (including Delivering such
securities, monies or other property to the Collateral Agent); and (3) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent,
deliver to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Collateral Agent, at the expense of the Company, legal opinions from Debevoise &
Plimpton LLP or other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as to the perfection and priority of
the Collateral Agents security interest in any of the Collateral, (ii) shall cause the Feeder Fund and Feeder General Partner
to (1) Deliver to the Parent the Feeder Collateral under the Feeder Fund Security Agreement as and when acquired by the Feeder Fund;
(2) if any Feeder Collateral is received by the Parent, forthwith take such action as is necessary to ensure the Parents
(and ultimately, pursuant to a series of cascading pledges and/or assignments, the Collateral Agents) continuing perfected security
interest in such Feeder Collateral (including Delivering such securities, monies or other property to the Parent to hold for the benefit
of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties), and (iii) shall cause the Parent to (1) Deliver to the Company the
Parent Collateral under the Parent Security Agreement as and when acquired by the Parent; (2) if any Parent Collateral is received
by the Company, forthwith take such action as is necessary to ensure the Companys (and ultimately the Collateral Agents)
continuing perfected security interest in such Parent Collateral (including Delivering such securities, monies or other property to the
Company to hold for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties).

(i)Each Pledgor shall require that Investors fund to the
applicable Pledgor Collateral Account or, as required by Section 8.01(c), the MV Cure Account, all monies or sums paid or to be
paid by any Investor as Capital Contributions as and when Capital Contributions are made pursuant to the Capital Call Notices. In
addition, each Pledgor shall promptly deposit such sums received directly from any Investor as Capital Contributions into the MV
Cure Account according to the terms set forth in Section 8.02(c); provided that, (1) up to $5,000,000 of
Capital Contributions from Investors as of the Effective Date that invest through individual retirement accounts managed by
Fidelity, Pershing or Schwab, and (2) capital contributions from Investors that do not have Uncalled Capital Commitments to the
Parent or Feeder, may be funded to accounts that are not Collateral Accounts.

- 91 - 

(ii)(1) The
Company shall not open any account without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and promptly
providing an appropriate Account Control Agreement to the Administrative Agent relating thereto which shall in any event occur on or
before such account has been opened, as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (2) no Pledgor shall open any
Pledgor Collateral Account into which monies and sums are paid pursuant to Section 8.02(a)(ii) without prior notification
to the Administrative Agent and promptly providing an appropriate Account Control Agreement to the Administrative Agent relating thereto
which shall in any event occur on or before such account has been opened, as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. In
connection with any replacement of a Pledgor Collateral Account, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to release the Lien on
such replaced account upon the execution of Account Control Agreement relating to such replacement account.

(c)Remedies,
Etc. During the period in which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent shall (but only if
and to the extent directed in writing by the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent on their behalf) do any of the following:

(i)Exercise in respect of the Collateral, in addition to
other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it (including without limitation, the initiation of Capital
Call Notices on the Investors), all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the
affected Collateral) and also may, without notice except as specified below, sell the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more
parcels at public or private sale, at any of the Collateral Agents or its designees offices or elsewhere, for cash, on
credit or for future delivery, and upon such other terms as the Collateral Agent or a designee of the Collateral Agent (acting at
the direction of the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent on their behalf) may deem commercially reasonable. The Company
agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten (10) calendar days prior notice to the
Company of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable
notification. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of the Collateral regardless of notice of sale having
been given. The Collateral Agent or its designee may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the
time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so
adjourned;

(ii)Transfer
all or any part of the Collateral into the name of the Collateral Agent or a nominee thereof;

(iii)Enforce
collection of any of the Collateral by suit or otherwise, and surrender, release or exchange all or any part thereof, or compromise or
extend or renew for any period (whether or not longer than the original period) any obligations of any nature of any party with respect
thereto;

- 92 - 

(iv)Endorse
any checks, drafts, or other writings in the Companys name to allow collection of the Collateral;

(v)Take
control of any proceeds of the Collateral;

(vi)Execute
(in the name, place and stead of any of the Company) endorsements, assignments, stock powers and other instruments of conveyance or transfer
with respect to all or any of the Collateral;

(vii)Initiate
one or more Capital Calls; and/or

(viii)Perform
such other acts as may be reasonably required to do to protect the Collateral Agents rights and interest hereunder.

provided,
that, following an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(a), (d), (e), (f) or (m)) and
so long as no Market Value Event has occurred, prior to the Collateral Agent exercising its right to deliver a Capital Call Notice to
Investors in accordance with this Section 8.02(c)(vii) (but without, for the avoidance of doubt, limiting any other right or
remedy of the Collateral Agent hereunder), the applicable Pledgor shall have an opportunity to deliver a Call Capital Notice to Investors
in an amount sufficient, together with other funds available, to prepay the Secured Obligations in full; provided that (x) such
Pledgor shall within one (1) Business Day following notice from the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders or
the Administrative Agent on their behalf) of the occurrence of such Event of Default, (a) deliver to the Administrative Agent a
Capital Call Confirmation Package reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (b) deliver or direct the fund administrator
to deliver such Capital Call Notice to Investors with instructions to wire-transfer the related Capital Contribution to the MV Cure Account
and (y) such Capital Contributions are transferred to the MV Cure Account within ten (10) Business Days following the delivery
of such Capital Call Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Required Lenders or Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall provide the
Collateral Agent all information reasonably necessary to deliver the Capital Call Notice to the Investors; provided that, for the avoidance
of doubt, the name, contact information and requested Capital Contribution for each Investor shall constitute all information reasonably
necessary and the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to provide the Investors with any additional information in or with respect
to the Capital Call Notice not provided to the Collateral Agent from the Administrative Agent or Required Lenders.

(d)Compliance
with Restrictions. The Company and the Portfolio Manager agree, and shall cause each Pledgor to agree, that in any sale of any of
the Collateral whenever an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent or its designee are hereby authorized
to comply with any limitation or restriction in connection with such sale as it may be advised by counsel in writing is necessary in
order to avoid any violation of Applicable Law (including compliance with such procedures as may restrict the number of prospective bidders
and purchasers, require that such prospective bidders and purchasers have certain qualifications, and restrict such prospective bidders
and purchasers to Persons who will represent and agree that they are purchasing for their own account for investment and not with a view
to the distribution or resale of such Collateral), or in order to obtain any required approval of the sale or of the purchaser by any
governmental regulatory authority or official, and the Company, each Pledgor and the Portfolio Manager further agree that such compliance
shall not, in and of itself, result in such sale being considered or deemed not to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner,
nor shall the Collateral Agent be liable or accountable to the Company or the Portfolio Manager for any discount allowed by the reason
of the fact that such Collateral is sold in good faith compliance with any such limitation or restriction.

- 93 - 

(e)Private
Sale. The Collateral Agent shall incur no liability as a result of a sale of the Collateral, or any part thereof, at any private
sale pursuant to clause (c) above conducted in a commercially reasonable manner. The Company and the Portfolio Manager hereby waive,
and shall cause each Pledgor to waive, any claims against each Agent and Lender arising by reason of the fact that the price at which
the Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale.

(f)Collateral
Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. The Company hereby appoints, and shall cause each Pledgor to appoint, the Collateral Agent as its
attorney-in-fact (it being understood that the Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations of the Company
or any Pledgor by this appointment), with full authority in the place and stead of the Company and/or any Pledgor and in the name of
the Company and/or any Pledgor, as applicable, from time to time in the Collateral Agents discretion (exercised at the written
direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the case may be), after the occurrence and during the continuation
of an Event of Default, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may deem
necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing subject at all
times to the proviso in Section 8.02(c), such appointment as true and lawful attorney shall include any and all of the following
powers (in each case, exercised at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the case may be) with
respect to all or any of the Collateral: (i)(A) to direct any party liable for any payment under any of the Collateral to make payment
of any and all moneys due or to become due thereunder directly to the Collateral Agent or as the Collateral Agent shall direct, including
without limitation, to so direct any party with respect to any Capital Commitments, (B) to ask or demand for, collect, receive and
give acquittance for payment of and receipt for, any and all moneys, claims and other amounts due or to become due at any time in respect
of or arising out of any Collateral, (C) to commence, compound and prosecute any suits, actions or proceedings at law or in equity
in any court of competent jurisdiction to collect the Collateral or any proceeds thereof and to enforce any other right in respect of
any Collateral, (D) to defend any suit, action or proceeding brought against the Company and/or any Pledgor, as applicable, with
respect to any Collateral, (E) to settle, compromise, compound, prosecute, defend or adjust any suit, action or proceeding (including,
without limitation, with respect to Capital Commitments) and, in connection therewith, to give such discharges or releases or to extend
the time of payment of any or all thereof and to make any allowance or other adjustment with reference thereto as the Collateral Agent
may deem appropriate, (F) to cause the Company and/or any Pledgor, as applicable, to intervene in any suit, action or proceeding
with respect thereto and (G) generally, to sell, charge, transfer, pledge and make any agreement with respect to or otherwise deal
with any of the Collateral as fully and completely as though the Collateral Agent were the absolute owner thereof for all purposes, and
to do, at the Collateral Agents option and the Company and/or any Pledgors expense, as applicable, at any time, or from
time to time, all acts and things which the Collateral Agent deems necessary or appropriate to protect, preserve or realize upon the
Collateral and the Secured Parties Liens thereon for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties and to effect the intent of this
Agreement, all as fully and effectively as the Company and/or any Pledgor might do, (ii) to make allowances or adjustments related
to Capital Commitments and (iii) initiate one or more Capital Calls. The Company hereby acknowledges, consents and agrees that the
power of attorney granted by the Company pursuant to this clause, and shall cause each Pledgor to acknowledge, consent and agree that
the powers of attorney under its applicable Security Agreement, in each case is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement and is
coupled with an interest.

(g)Further
Assurances. The Company covenants and agrees, and shall cause each Pledgor to covenant and agree, that, from time to time upon the
request of the Collateral Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent), the Company or such Pledgor, as applicable, will execute and
deliver such further documents, and do such other acts and things as the Collateral Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent) may
reasonably request in order fully to effect the purposes of this Agreement and to protect and preserve the priority and validity of the
security interest granted hereunder or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with
respect to any Collateral; provided that no such document may alter the rights and protections afforded to the Company, any Pledgor
or the Portfolio Manager herein.

- 94 - 

(h)Release
of Security Interest upon Disposition of Collateral. Upon any sale, transfer or other disposition of any Collateral (or portion thereof)
that is permitted hereunder, the security interest granted hereunder in such Loan or other Collateral (or the portion thereof which has
been sold or otherwise disposed of) shall, immediately upon the sale or other disposition of such Loan or other Collateral (or such portion)
and without any further action on the part of the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party, be released. Upon any such release, the
Collateral Agent will, at the Companys sole expense and instruction, deliver to the Company, or cause the Securities Intermediary
to deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates and instruments representing
or evidencing all of the Collateral held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Company or its nominee
such documents as the Company shall reasonably request to evidence such release. Any such instruction (which shall include any borrower
order, trade ticket or any other direction) shall be deemed to constitute a certification from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager
on its behalf) that all conditions to such sale, transfer or disposition have been complied with.

(i)Termination.
Upon the payment in full of all Secured Obligations and termination of the Financing Commitments, the security interest granted herein
shall automatically (and without further action by any party) terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Company.
Upon any such termination, the Collateral Agent will, at the Companys sole expense and direction, deliver to the Company, or cause
the Securities Intermediary to deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates
and instruments representing or evidencing all of the Collateral held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver
to the Company or its nominee such documents as the Company shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

(j)Subordination
of Claims. During the continuance of (w) an Event of Default; (x) a Default; (y) a Market Value Event; or (z) a
Market Value Trigger Event, if Advances are outstanding at such time, other than in respect of Capital Contributions permitted under
this Agreement, each of the Company, the Parent and the Feeder Fund shall not make any payments or advances of any kind, directly or
indirectly, on any debts and liabilities to any of the Parent, Feeder Fund or any Investor whether now existing or hereafter arising
and whether direct, indirect, several, joint and several, or otherwise, and howsoever evidenced or created (collectively, the Other
Claims). All Other Claims, together with all Liens on assets securing the payment of all or any portion of the Other Claims shall
at all times during the continuance of (w) an Event of Default; (x) a Default; (y) a Market Value Event; or (z) a
Market Value Trigger Event, while Advances are outstanding, be subordinated to and junior in right and in payment to the Advances and
all Liens on assets securing all or any portion of the Advances, and the Company and the Parent agree, and shall cause the Feeder Fund
to agree, to take such actions as are necessary to provide for such subordination, including but not limited to including provisions
for such subordination in the documents evidencing the Other Claims.

ARTICLE IX

THE AGENTS

SECTION 9.01.Appointment
of Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints each of the Administrative Agent and
the Collateral Agent (each, an Agent and collectively, the Agents) as its agent and authorizes
such Agents to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof, together
with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, each Agent
and each Lender hereby agree that no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral hereunder, it being
understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder with respect to the Collateral shall be exercised solely by the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties at the direction of the Administrative Agent.

- 95 - 

Each financial institution
serving as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender (if applicable) as any other Lender and
may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and such financial institution and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend
money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Company as if it were not an Agent hereunder.

None of the Agents, the Securities
Intermediary nor the Collateral Administrator shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, (a) no Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be subject to any
fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) no Agent, the Securities
Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers,
except that the foregoing shall not limit any duty expressly set forth in this Agreement to include such rights and powers expressly
contemplated hereby or that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by (i) in the case of the Collateral Agent,
the Required Lenders, or the Administrative Agent or (ii) in the case of any Agent, the Required Lenders (or such other number or
percentage of Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided herein), and (c) except as expressly set forth herein,
no Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the
failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company that is communicated to or obtained by the financial institution serving
in the capacity of such Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. No Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator
shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct or with the
consent or at the request or direction of the Administrative Agent or the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Company)
(in the case of the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Agent only) or the Required Lenders (or
such other number or percentage of Lenders that shall be permitted herein to direct such action or forbearance). None of the Collateral
Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be deemed to have knowledge of any of any matter (including
any Default, Event of Default, Market Value Event or Market Value Cure Failure) or failure of the Borrowing Base Test unless and until
a Responsible Officer of such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable, has received written
notice thereof from the Company, a Lender or the Administrative Agent. Delivery of reports or information, other than such reports or
documents directly addressed to the Collateral Agent, or expressly required to be delivered by the Collateral Agent (if prepared by the
Collateral Agent acting in such capacity), shall not constitute constructive knowledge or notice of any condition without formal notice.
None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be responsible
for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this
Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document or electronic communication delivered hereunder or in
connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth
herein or in any other Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, value or sufficiency of this
Agreement, any other agreement, instrument or document or the Collateral, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth herein,
other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities
Intermediary, as applicable. None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Administrative
Agent shall be required to risk or expend its own funds in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder or under any
other Loan Document if it reasonably believes it will not receive reimbursement therefor hereunder. Without limitation to the immediately
preceding sentence, none of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator nor the Securities Intermediary shall be required to take any action
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document if taking such action (A) would subject such Person to Tax in any jurisdiction where
it is not then subject to Tax, or (B) would require such person to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then
so qualified.

- 96 - 

Each Agent, the Collateral
Administrator and the Securities Intermediary shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon (including
as to the truth and correctness of the statements and opinions expressed therein), any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement,
instrument, direction, opinion, document, electronic communication or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed
or sent by the proper Person. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary also may rely upon any statement
made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon.
Any electronically signed document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized officer shall be considered signed
or executed by such authorized officer on behalf of the applicable Person. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities
Intermediary may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected
by it in good faith, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel,
accountants or experts.

In the event the Collateral
Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall receive conflicting instruction from the Administrative Agent
and the Required Lenders, the instruction of the Required Lenders shall govern. None of the Collateral Administrator, the Securities
Intermediary nor the Collateral Agent shall have any duties or obligations under or in respect of any other agreement (including any
agreement that may be referenced herein) to which it is not a party including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Constituent Documents,
nor shall the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Agent be chargeable with knowledge of any of the
terms of conditions of any such agreement. The grant of any permissive right or power to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator
or the Securities Intermediary hereunder shall not be construed to impose a duty to act. The Collateral Agent may rely upon instructions
and information provided by (i) the Administrative Agent as if provided by the Required Lenders directly and (ii) the Portfolio
Manager as if provided by the Company directly.

It is expressly acknowledged
and agreed that none of the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for,
and shall not be under any duty to monitor or determine, the Market Value (or any other characteristic) of any Portfolio Investment,
compliance with the Eligibility Criteria or the Concentration Limitations or the conditions to any purchase, sale or disposition hereunder
in any instance, to determine if the conditions of Deliver have been satisfied or otherwise to monitor or determine compliance
by any other Person with the requirements of this Agreement.

Each Agent, the Collateral
Administrator and the Securities Intermediary may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any
one or more sub-agents appointed by it. No Agent nor the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be responsible
for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any sub-agent or attorney appointed by such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the
Securities Intermediary with due care. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary and any such sub-agent
may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Affiliates and the respective directors,
officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and its Affiliates (the Related Parties) for such Agent,
the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall
apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of each Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary and
any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided
for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary
as the case may be.

- 97 - 

Subject to the appointment
and acceptance of a successor as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary and the Administrative Agent may resign at any time upon 30 days notice to each other Agent, the Lenders, the Portfolio
Manager and the Company. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor; provided
that, so long as no Event of Default or Market Value Event has occurred and is continuing, any such appointment of a successor to the
Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company. If no successor
shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring
Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Administrative Agent, as applicable, gives notice of its resignation,
then the Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor which shall be a financial institution with an office
in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution; provided that, so long as no Event of Default or Market
Value Event has occurred and is continuing, any such appointment of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent or the Securities
Intermediary shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Administrative Agent
and shall have accepted such appointment within sixty (60) days after the retiring agent gives notice of its resignation, such Agent,
the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor.
Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent,
as the case may be, hereunder (and, if applicable, under an Account Control Agreement) by a successor, such successor shall succeed to
and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring agent hereunder and under each applicable Account
Control Agreement, and the retiring agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under each applicable Account
Control Agreement. After the retiring agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and
10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect
of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary,
Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be.

Subject to the appointment
and acceptance of a successor as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Securities
Intermediary may be removed at any time with 30 days notice by the Company (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent),
with notice to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Lenders and the Portfolio Manager
(which removal of the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary will also be effective as removal under the applicable Account
Control Agreement); provided that, if no successor has been appointed by the Administrative Agent and accepted such appointment within
sixty (60) days after the Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable, is removed, such Agent,
Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary, as applicable, may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment
of a successor. Upon any such removal, the Company shall have the right (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) to appoint
a successor to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and/or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable. If no successor
to any such Person shall have been so appointed by the Company and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after
such notice of removal, then the Administrative Agent may appoint a successor which shall be a financial institution with an office in
New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution; provided that, so long as no Event of Default or Market
Value Event has occurred and is continuing, any such appointment shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company. Upon the acceptance of
its appointment as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder by a successor,
such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the removed agent hereunder and
under each applicable Account Control Agreement, and the removed agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder
(and, if applicable, under each applicable Account Control Agreement). After the removed agents removal hereunder, the provisions
of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such removed agent, its sub-agents and their
respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator,
Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be.

- 98 - 

Upon the request of the Company
or the Administrative Agent or the successor agent, such retiring or removed agent shall, upon payment of its charges then unpaid, execute
and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor agent all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring or removed agent, and
shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor agent all property and money held by such retiring or removed agent hereunder
(and under each applicable Account Control Agreement, if applicable). Upon request of any such successor agent, the Company and the Administrative
Agent shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor agent all such rights,
powers and trusts.

Any corporation or association
into which the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator may be merged or converted or with which
it may be consolidated, or any corporation or association resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Collateral
Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be a party, shall be the successor of the Collateral Agent,
the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator as applicable hereunder, and shall succeed to all of the rights, powers and
duties of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator (as applicable) hereunder without the execution
or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. In addition, any corporation or association to which
the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business shall be the
successor of the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator as applicable hereunder, and shall succeed to all of the rights, powers
and duties of the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further
act on the part of any of the parties hereto.

Each Lender acknowledges that
it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently
and without reliance upon any Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any other Lender and based on such
documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking
action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

Anything in this Agreement
notwithstanding, in no event shall any Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary be liable for special, punitive,
indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including lost profits), even if such Agent, the Collateral Administrator
or the Securities Intermediary, as the case may be, has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

Each Agent, the Securities
Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or officers
of such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, unless it shall be conclusively determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction that such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary was grossly negligent in ascertaining
the pertinent facts.

- 99 - 

Each Agent, the Securities
Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator shall not be responsible for the accuracy or content of any certificate, statement, direction
or opinion furnished to it in connection with this Agreement.

Each Agent, the Securities
Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts stated in any resolution, certificate,
statement, instrument, opinion, report, consent, order, approval, bond, electronic communication or other document or have any responsibility
for preparing, filing or recording any financing or continuation statement in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or
maintain the perfection of any security interest or lien granted to it hereunder.

In
the absence of gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on its part, each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities
Intermediary may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any
request, instruction, certificate, opinion or other document or electronic communication furnished to it, reasonably believed
by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or presented by the proper party or parties and conforming to the requirements of this
Agreement but, in the case of a request, instruction, document or certificate which by any provision hereof is specifically required
to be furnished to it, such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable, shall be under a duty
to examine the same in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement to determine that it conforms to the form required by such
provision.

None of the Agents, the Collateral
Administrator nor the Securities Intermediary shall be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its
control. Such acts include but are not limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, epidemics, riots and acts of war. In connection with
any payment, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator are entitled to rely conclusively on any instructions provided to
them by the Administrative Agent.

Before the Collateral Agent,
Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator acts or refrains from acting, it may require, and may conclusively rely on, a certificate
(which may be constituted by written directions provided in accordance with this Agreement) of an officer of the Administrative Agent
or the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator shall not be liable
for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such certificate.

The Collateral Agent, Securities
Intermediary or Collateral Administrator may, from time to time, request that the parties hereto deliver a certificate (upon which the
Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator may conclusively rely) setting forth the names of individuals and/or
titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Agreement or any related document together with
a specimen signature of such authorized officers and the Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator shall
be entitled to conclusively rely on the then current certificate until receipt of a superseding certificate.

In order to comply with laws,
rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including those relating to the
funding of terrorist activities and money laundering (Applicable Bank Law), the entity serving as Collateral Agent,
Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator is required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals
and entities which maintain a business relationship with such entity. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to provide to the Collateral
Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator upon its reasonable request from time to time such identifying information
and documentation as may be available for such party in order to enable the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral
Administrator to comply with Applicable Bank Law.

- 100 - 

The rights, protections and
immunities given to the Agents in this Section 9.01, Section 9.02(c) and Section 9.02(j) shall likewise be available
and applicable to the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator.

SECTION 9.02.Additional
Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator.

(a)Collateral
Agent May Perform. The Collateral Agent shall from time to time take such action (at the written direction of the Administrative
Agent or the Required Lenders) for the maintenance, preservation or protection of any of the Collateral or of its security interest therein
or any other exercise of rights, remedies or discretionary actions hereunder and the Administrative Agent may direct the Collateral Agent
in writing to take any action incidental thereto; provided that in each case the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to
take any such action (including, for avoidance of doubt, any action relating to any mandatory deposit, purchase or replacement obligations
of (x) the Unaffiliated Seller pursuant to the Participation Agreement or (y) the Parent Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement)
in the absence of such direction and shall have no obligation to comply with any such direction (including after the occurrence of an
Event of Default) if it reasonably believes that the same (1) is contrary to Applicable Law or (2) is reasonably likely to
subject the Collateral Agent to any loss, liability, cost or expense, unless the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the
case may be, issuing such instruction provides indemnification or otherwise make provision reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent for payment of same (which provision may be payment of such cost or expense by the Company in accordance with the Priority of Payments
if such arrangement is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent). The Collateral Agent shall not be liable with respect to any
action taken or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with such direction. In absence of such direction with respect to any action
or inaction, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such action unless and until the Collateral Agent shall have received
such direction, and the Collateral Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Each of the parties hereto
hereby consents to and directs the Collateral Agent to execute the Account Control Agreements, the Feeder Acknowledgment and Confirmation,
the Feeder Fund Security Agreement, the Parent Acknowledgment and Confirmation, and the Parent Security Agreement, and acknowledges and
agrees the Collateral Agent shall be fully protected in relying upon the foregoing consent and direction. The parties hereto further
agree that the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to all of the rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities set forth herein
in connection with any actions or omissions taken under the Account Control Agreements, the Feeder Acknowledgement and Confirmation,
the Feeder Fund Security Agreement, the Parent Acknowledgement and Confirmation, and/or the Parent Security Agreement.

If,
in performing any duties under this Agreement, a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent or the Securities
Intermediary, as applicable, determines that it is required to decide between alternative courses of action due to any ambiguity in the
interpretation of any definition or term contained in this Agreement or to the extent more than one methodology can be used to make any
of the determinations or calculations set forth therein, the Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary,
as applicable, shall request written instructions from the Administrative Agent as to the course of action desired by it (including the
interpretation and/or methodology to be used) and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken prior to receipt of
such instruction. The Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary shall be entitled to rely on the
advice of legal counsel and independent accountants in performing its duties hereunder.

- 101 - 

(b)Custody
and Preservation. The Collateral Agent is required to hold in custody and preserve any of the Collateral in its possession pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement and the standard of care set forth herein, provided that the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to
have complied with the terms of this Agreement with respect to the custody and preservation of any of the Collateral if it takes such
action for that purpose as the Company reasonably requests (or, following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or following the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, as the Administrative Agent reasonably requests), but failure of the Collateral Agent
to comply with any such request at any time shall not in itself be deemed a failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement. The Collateral
Agent will not be responsible for filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public
office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the perfection of any liens thereon.

(c)Collateral
Agent Not Liable. Except to the extent arising from the gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or reckless disregard of the
Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall not be liable by reason of its compliance with the terms of this Agreement with respect
to (1) the investment of funds held thereunder in Eligible Investments (other than for losses attributable to the Collateral Agents
failure to make payments on investments issued by the Collateral Agent, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not as collateral
agent, in accordance with their terms) or (2) losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any Eligible Investment prior to
its stated maturity. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for any act or omission of the Company, the Lenders party hereto,
the Securities Intermediary, the Administrative Agent or any other person, and absent written notice to a Responsible Officer of the
Collateral Agent to the contrary, the Collateral Agent may assume that such person is in compliance with its obligations under this Agreement
or any other document related to this transaction. The Collateral Agent and its Affiliates shall be permitted to receive additional compensation
that could be deemed to be in such Agents economic self-interest for (1) serving as investment adviser, administrator, shareholder,
servicing agent, custodian or sub-custodian with respect to certain of the Eligible Investments, (2) using Affiliates to effect
transactions in certain Eligible Investments, and (3) effecting transactions in certain investments. Such compensation shall not
be considered an amount that is reimbursable or payable pursuant to this Agreement. It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the
Collateral Agent is not guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any
parties to the Portfolio Investments or other Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible or chargeable with knowledge
of or responsible for any terms or conditions contained in any Loan Document (or any other agreement) to which it is not a party.

(d)Certain
Rights and Obligations of the Collateral Agent. Without further consent or authorization from any Lenders, the Collateral Agent may
execute any documents or instruments necessary to release any lien encumbering any item of Collateral that is the subject of a sale or
other disposition of assets permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise permitted or required hereunder or to which the Required Lenders
have otherwise consented. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event of a foreclosure by the Collateral
Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, any Agent or Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral
at any such sale and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Lenders (but not any Lender in its individual capacity
unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree), shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of
the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations
as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the purchaser at such sale.

(e)Collateral
Agent, Securities Intermediary and Collateral Administrator Fees and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent,
the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator such fees as agreed to in a separate fee letter agreement between the Collateral
Agent and the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) as may be subsequently modified as agreed among the Company, the Portfolio
Manager, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator in writing, subject to the
Priority of Payments. The Company further agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator,
or reimburse the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator for paying, reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses, including fees, expenses costs, and disbursements of experts, agents and attorneys, in connection with this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to the Priority of Payments.

- 102 - 

(f)Execution
by the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator. The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
and the Collateral Administrator are executing this Agreement solely in their capacity as Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary and
Collateral Administrator, respectively, hereunder and in no event shall have any obligation to make any Advance, provide any Advance
or perform any obligation of the Administrative Agent hereunder.

(g)Reports
by the Collateral Administrator. The Company hereby appoints The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association as Collateral
Administrator and directs the Collateral Administrator to draft the reports substantially in the form reasonably agreed by the Company,
the Collateral Administrator and the Administrative Agent. The Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent shall cooperate
with the Collateral Administrator in connection with the reports, including daily position and cash flow reporting (which, for the avoidance
of doubt, is in addition to and separate from the disclosure required pursuant to Section 6.02(rr)), and other matters described
herein, including calculations relating to the reports contemplated herein or as otherwise reasonably requested hereunder. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall supply in a timely fashion any determinations,
designations, classifications or selections made by it relating to a Portfolio Investment, including in connection with the acquisition
or disposition thereof, and any information maintained by it that the Collateral Administrator may from time to time reasonably request
with respect to the Portfolio Investment and reasonably need to complete the reports required to be prepared by the Collateral Administrator
hereunder or reasonably required to permit the Collateral Administrator to perform its obligations hereunder. The Collateral Administrator
shall deliver a draft of each such report to the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) and the Company (or the Portfolio Manager
on its behalf) shall review, verify and approve the contents of the aforesaid reports. To the extent any of the information in such reports
conflicts with data or calculations in the records of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager), the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on
its behalf) shall notify the Collateral Administrator of such discrepancy and use reasonable efforts to assist the Collateral Administrator
in reconciling such discrepancy. Upon reasonable request by the Collateral Administrator, the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its
behalf) further agrees to provide to the Collateral Administrator from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on a timely basis,
any information relating to the Portfolio Investments and any proposed purchases, sales or other dispositions thereof as to enable the
Collateral Administrator to perform its duties hereunder.

(h)Neither
the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have any obligation to determine or calculate any Net Asset Value, the Unfunded
Exposure Amount, the Borrowing Base Test, the Affiliate Purchased Investment Balance, the Unfunded Exposure Shortfall or any Market Value
and shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon such amounts as reported by the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the
Administrative Agent. The Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon information provided
by the Administrative Agent with respect to the determination of all interest, fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable to the
Lenders and the calculation of each Benchmark, Reference Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate and any Base Rate or Benchmark Replacement.

- 103 - 

(i)None
of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be under any obligation (i) to monitor,
determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of any Benchmark, Term SOFR Reference Rate or Reference Rate including, without limitation,
any screen rate for Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to
any other transaction party of the occurrence of, any Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark Replacement Date, or Benchmark Unavailability
Period (ii) to select, determine or designate any Base Rate, Benchmark Replacement, or other successor or replacement benchmark
index, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, or (iii) to select, determine or designate
any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or other modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) to determine whether or what
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. None of the Collateral
Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to
perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement as a result of the unavailability of any Benchmark, Term SOFR Reference Rate or
Reference Rate including, without limitation, any screen rate for Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the Base Rate
or any Benchmark Replacement, and absence of a designated replacement Benchmark Replacement, including as a result of any inability,
delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including, without limitation, the Administrative Agent, the Company,
the Portfolio Manager or the Required Lenders, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated
by the terms of this Agreement and reasonably required for the performance of such duties.

(j)Information
Provided to Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator. Without limiting the generality of any terms of this Section, neither
the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of
the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent, the Company or the Required Lenders to provide accurate and complete information on
a timely basis to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, or otherwise on the part of any such party to
comply with the terms of this Agreement, and, absent gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or reckless disregard of the Collateral
Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the performance or observance
on the Collateral Agents or Collateral Administrators, as applicable, part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused
by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other failure on the part of any such other
party to comply with the terms hereof.

(k)If
the Collateral Agent receives an instruction to effect any foreign exchange transactions (which instruction shall be given at least one
Business Day prior to such conversion date, or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Collateral Agent), or cannot comply with instructions
without effecting foreign exchange transactions, the Collateral Agent is authorized to enter into spot foreign exchange transactions
(FX Transactions) with the Borrowers in connection with the Accounts and may provide such foreign exchange services
to the Borrowers themselves or through any BNY Affiliates. The Collateral Agent may convert currency itself or through any BNY Affiliate
and, in those cases, the Collateral Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant BNY Affiliate through which currency is converted acts
as principal for its own account and not as agent, advisor, broker or fiduciary on behalf of any other person and may earn revenue, including,
without limitation, transaction spreads and sales margin, that it will retain for its own account. The revenue is based on, among other
things, the difference between the exchange rate assigned to the FX Transaction made under this Agreement and the rate that the Collateral
Agent or any BNY Affiliate receives when buying or selling foreign currency for its own account. The Collateral Agent or the relevant
BNY Affiliate makes no representation that the exchange rate used or obtained for any FX Transaction under this Agreement will be the
most favorable rate that could be obtained at the time or as to the method by which that rate will be determined. The Collateral Agent
or the relevant BNY Affiliate may establish rules or limitations concerning any foreign exchange facility made available to the
Company. Any such FX Transactions will be subject to terms and conditions (the FX Terms) separately disclosed. In
addition, the Collateral Agent may transmit any FX Transaction to a sub-custodian or depository or as otherwise agreed between the applicable
Borrower and the Collateral Agent. In such cases, the relevant FX Transaction may not be processed and priced as described in the FX
Terms. For the purposes for this clause (k), BNY Affiliate means any subsidiary, affiliate or other related body
corporate of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and which shall exclude any third party affiliates or other entities of whatever
description which are not part of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation group of companies.

- 104 - 

SECTION 9.03.Lender
ERISA Representations and Covenants

(a)Each
Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any Pledgor or any of their Affiliates, that at least
one of the following is and will be true:

(i)such
Lender is not using Plan Assets of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments or this Agreement,

(ii)the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption
for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii)(A) such
Lender is an investment fund managed by a QPAM, (B) such QPAM made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into,
participate in, administer and perform the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections
(b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection
(a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv)such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Lender.

(b)In
addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or
(2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately
preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto,
to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party
hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any
Pledgor or any of their Affiliates, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved
in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments
and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement,
any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto).

- 105 - 

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.01.Non-Petition;
Limited Recourse. Each of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager
and the other parties hereto (other than the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) hereby agrees not
to commence, or join in the commencement of, any proceedings in any jurisdiction for the bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation of the
Company or any similar proceedings, in each case prior to the date that is one year and one day (or if longer, any applicable preference
period plus one day) after the payment in full of all amounts owing to the parties hereto. The foregoing restrictions are a material
inducement for the parties hereto to enter into this Agreement and are an essential term of this Agreement. The Administrative Agent
or the Company may seek and obtain specific performance of such restrictions (including injunctive relief), including, without limitation,
in any bankruptcy, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings. The Company shall promptly object to the institution of any bankruptcy,
winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings against it and take all necessary or advisable steps to cause the dismissal of any such
proceeding; provided that such obligation shall be subject to the availability of funds therefor. Nothing in this Section 10.01
shall limit the right of any party hereto to file any claim or otherwise take any action with respect to any proceeding of the type described
in this Section that was instituted by the Company or against the Company by any Person other than a party hereto.Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company
or the Portfolio Manager contained in this Agreement shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director,
member, manager, employee or agent of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such
capacity) by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being
expressly agreed and understood that this Agreement is solely a corporate obligation of the Company and (with respect to the express
obligations of the Portfolio Manager under the Loan Documents) the Portfolio Manager and that no personal liability whatever shall attach
to or be incurred by any incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the Company, the Portfolio
Manager or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations,
covenants or agreements of the Company or the Portfolio Manager contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or implied therefrom,
and that any and all personal liability for breaches by the Company or the Portfolio Manager of any of such obligations, covenants or
agreements, either at common law or at equity, or by statute, rule or regulation, of every such incorporator, stockholder, officer,
director, member, manager, employee or agent is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this
Agreement.

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any legal proceeding, claim or action by or against any Credit Risk Party registered or
formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted limited partnership may be initiated by or against the general partner (or
the ultimate general partner) of such Credit Risk Party (if applicable), solely for the purposes of complying with Section 33(1) of
the Exempted Limited Partnership Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as the Administrative Agent may elect in its sole discretion.

SECTION 10.02.Notices.
All notices and other communications in respect hereof (including, without limitation, any modifications hereof, or requests, waivers
or consents hereunder) to be given or made by a party hereto shall be in writing (including by electronic mail or other electronic messaging
system of .pdf or other similar files) to the other parties hereto at the addresses for notices specified on the Transaction Schedule
(or, as to any such party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a notice to each other party hereto). All such
notices and other communications shall be deemed to have been duly given when (a) personally delivered, (b) in the case of
a mailed notice, upon receipt, or (c) in the case of notices and communications transmitted by electronic mail or any other electronic
messaging system, upon delivery, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid.

- 106 - 

Each
of the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary (collectively, BNY) shall have
the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given pursuant
to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Borrower, the Portfolio
Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall provide to BNY an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority
to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers) and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers,
which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable,
whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent,
as applicable, elects to give BNY Instructions using Electronic Means and BNY in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions,
BNYs understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative
Agent, as applicable, understand and agree that BNY cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions
and that BNY shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency
certificate provided to BNY have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative
Agent, as applicable, shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to BNY and
that the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, and all Authorized Officers are solely
responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication
keys upon receipt by the the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable. BNY shall not be
liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from BNYs reliance upon and compliance with such
Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Borrower,
the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, agree: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use
of Electronic Means to submit Instructions to BNY, including without limitation the risk of BNY acting on unauthorized Instructions,
and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated
with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to BNY and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions
than the method(s) selected by the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable; (iii) that
the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to it a commercially
reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to notify BNY immediately upon learning
of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures. Electronic Means shall mean the following
communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication
keys issued by BNY, or another method or system specified by BNY as available for use in connection with its services hereunder.

SECTION 10.03.No
Waiver. No failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect
to, any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any right, power or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
power or privilege. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

- 107 - 

SECTION 10.04.Expenses;
Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff.

(a)The
Company shall pay and reimburse (1) subject (in the case of initial fees and expenses) to Section 2.03(e), all fees and reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and their Related
Parties, including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral
Administrator, and such other local counsel as required for the Agents, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary,
collectively, in connection with the preparation and administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications
or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated)
and (2) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the
Securities Intermediary and the Lenders, including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent, the Lenders,
the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary and such other local counsel as required for all of them, in connection
herewith, including the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection with this Agreement and each applicable Account Control
Agreement, including their rights under this Section, the other Loan Documents or in connection with the Advances provided by them hereunder,
including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect
of such Advances.

(b)The
Company shall indemnify the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, each Lender and their Related Parties
(each such Person being called an Indemnitee), against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses,
claims (whether brought by or involving the Company or any third party), damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees,
charges and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel for each affiliated group of Indemnitees and such other local counsel in each
relevant jurisdiction as required for any Indemnitees, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with,
or as a result of (1) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated
hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations (including, without limitation, any breach
of any representation or warranty made by the Company or the Portfolio Manager hereunder (for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect
to any limitation included in any such representation or warranty relating to materiality or causing a Material Adverse Effect)) or the
exercise or enforcement of the parties thereto of their respective rights (including, without limitation, the approval or disapproval
by the Administrative Agent of the acquisition of any Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, (2) any Advance or the use of the proceeds therefrom, or (3) any actual or prospective
claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory
and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto or is pursuing or defending any such action; provided that such indemnity
shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (i) are
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of such Indemnitee or (ii) with respect to the Lenders, relate to the performance of the Portfolio Investments. This
Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc.
arising from any non-Tax claim.

(c)To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, neither the Company nor any Indemnitee shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against
the Company or any Indemnitee, as applicable, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as
opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or
any agreement, instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided,
that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the Companys indemnification obligations hereunder to the extent that such
damages are included in a third party claim in connection with which an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder.

- 108 - 

(d)If
an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) and each of its Affiliates is
hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits
(general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or
Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Company against any of and all the obligations of the Company now or hereafter existing
under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement
and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this clause (d) are in addition to other rights
and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have.

SECTION 10.05.Amendments.
Subject to Section 3.02(b), (c) and (d), no amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement will be effective
unless in writing (including, without limitation, a writing evidenced by an electronic mail) and executed by each of the Agents, the
Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Required Lenders, the Company and the Portfolio Manager; provided,
however, that any amendment to this Agreement that the Administrative Agent determines in its commercially reasonable judgment
is necessary to effectuate the purposes of Section 1.04 hereof following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event and which would not result in an increase or decrease in the rights, duties
or liabilities of the Portfolio Manager or the Company shall not be required to be executed by the Portfolio Manager or the Company;
provided further that the Administrative Agent may waive any of the Eligibility Criteria and the requirements set forth in Schedule
3 or Schedule 4 in its sole discretion; provided further that none of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the
Securities Intermediary shall be required to execute any amendment that affects its rights, duties, protections or immunities; provided
further that any Material Amendment shall require the prior written consent of each Lender affected thereby.

SECTION 10.06.
Successors; Assignments.

(a)The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby, except that the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer
by the Company without such consent shall be null and void) and the Portfolio Manager may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. Except as expressly set forth herein,
nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or
claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

(b)Subject
to the conditions set forth below, any Lender may assign to any other Person, all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and/or the Advances at the time owing to it) to any person with the
prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and, if the assignee is not a bank, broker-dealer or insurance company, the Portfolio
Manager (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and upon reasonable prior written notice (including via email) to the
Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Agent; provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent or the Portfolio
Manager shall be required for an assignment of any Financing Commitment (x) to an assignee that is a Lender (or any Affiliate thereof)
immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment or (y) following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event; provided further that, prior to the occurrence and continuance of
an Event of Default and prior to the occurrence of a Market Value Event, no Lender may assign all or a portion its rights and obligations
under this Agreement to a Competitor without the prior consent of the Portfolio Manager; provided further that JPMCB shall provide
written notice (including via email) to the Portfolio Manager if the other Lenders hold more than 50.1% or more of the sum of (i) the
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advance (other than outstanding Advances of Defaulting Lenders) plus (ii) the
aggregate undrawn amount of the outstanding Financing Commitments (other than the undrawn amount of the outstanding Financing Commitments
of Defaulting Lenders)

- 109 - 

Assignments shall be subject
to the following additional conditions: (A) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all
the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement; and (B) the assignor and assignee shall execute and deliver
to the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Portfolio Manager a fully-executed assignment and assumption agreement in the form of
Exhibit B hereto (an Assignment and Assumption) together with each applicable Lender Letter Agreement (if any).

Subject to acceptance and recording
thereof below, from and after the effective date specified in each assignment and assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party
hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under
this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption,
be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an assignment and assumption covering all of the assigning
Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto as a Lender but shall continue
to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 5.03 and 10.04).

The Administrative Agent, acting
solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each assignment and assumption delivered
to it and the Register. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the parties hereto shall treat each
Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement,
notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, the Collateral Agent, any Lender
and the Portfolio Manager, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon its receipt of a duly completed
assignment and assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment and
assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register.

(c)Any
Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Lender Participant) in all or a portion
of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and/or
the Advances owing to it); provided that (1) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(2) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (3) the
Company, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders
rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall
provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of
any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the
consent of the Lender Participant, agree to any Material Amendment that affects such Lender Participant.

- 110 - 

(d)Each
Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters
the name and address of each Lender Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Lender Participants interest
in the Advances and/or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register); provided that no
Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Lender Participant
or any information relating to a Lender Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations
under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan,
letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.
The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name
is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice
to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility
for maintaining a Participant Register. The Company agrees that each Lender Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections
3.01(e) and 3.03 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.03(f) (it
being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.03(f) shall be delivered to the Lender that sells the participation))
to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section;
provided that such Lender Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.01(f) relating to
replacement of Lenders as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled
to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01(e) and 3.03, with respect to any participation, than the Lender that sells the
participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a
Change in Law that occurs after the Lender Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation
agrees, at the Companys request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the replacement
of Lenders provisions set forth in Section 3.01(f) with respect to any Lender Participant.

SECTION 10.07.Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc. (a) Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance
with the law of the State of New York without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws to the extent such
principles or rules are not mandatorily applicable by statute and would require or permit the application of the laws of
another jurisdiction.

(b)Submission
to Jurisdiction. Any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement (collectively, Proceedings) shall
be tried and litigated in the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan
in New York City. With respect to any Proceedings, each party hereto irrevocably (i) submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of
the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City and (ii) waives
any objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that
such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings,
that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party. Nothing in this Agreement precludes any party hereto from bringing Proceedings
to enforce any judgment against any such party arising out of or relating to this Agreement in the courts of any place where such party
or any of its assets may be found or located, nor will the bringing of such Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the
bringing of such Proceedings in any other jurisdiction.

(c)Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT ON BEHALF OF THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

SECTION 10.08.Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Advance, together
with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Advance under Applicable Law (collectively the Charges),
shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved
by the Lender holding such Advance in accordance with Applicable Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Advance hereunder,
together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and
Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Advance but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 10.08
shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Advances or periods shall be increased (but
not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate
to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.

- 111 - 

SECTION 10.09.PATRIOT
Act. Each Lender and Agent that is subject to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to the
requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Company, which information
includes the name and address of the Company and other information that will allow such Lender or Agent to identify the Company in accordance
with the PATRIOT Act.

SECTION 10.10.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts by written form of communication including electronic mail, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original as against the party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one
and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by email shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words executed, execution, sign, signed,
signature, and words of like import in this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this
Agreement shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf,
tif, tiff, jpeg or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation,
Orbit, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract
or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity
and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by
Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures
and Records Act and any other Applicable Law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act or the Uniform Commercial Code.

By executing this Agreement,
the parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree, and direct the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary
to acknowledge and agree and the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary do hereby acknowledge and agree,
that execution of this Agreement, any instruction, order, direction, notice, form or other document executed by the any party to this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents in connection with this Agreement or such other Loan Documents, by electronic signatures (whether
by Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by such party and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense
to the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary) shall be permitted hereunder notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein and such electronic signatures shall be legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures.
Any electronically signed document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized officer shall be considered signed
or executed by such officer on such partys behalf. The parties hereto also hereby acknowledge and agree that the Collateral Agent,
Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary shall have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization
of any such electronic signature and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with
respect thereto.

SECTION 10.11.Headings.

Article and Section headings
and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the
construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

- 112 - 

SECTION 10.12.Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges
that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under this Agreement may be subject to the Write-Down
and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) the application
of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be
payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b) the effects of any
Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(1) a reduction in full or in
part or cancellation of any such liability;

(2) a conversion of all, or a
portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or
a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will
be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement; or

(3) the variation of the terms
of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any applicable Resolution Authority.

As used herein:

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Bail-In Action
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

Bail-In
Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU
of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such
EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United
Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable
in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their
affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority,
(b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition,
or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or
(b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

- 113 - 

EEA Resolution Authority
means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as
in effect from time to time.

Resolution Authority
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

UK Financial Institution
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom
Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates
of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority
means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Write-Down
and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers
of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down
and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers
of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any
UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into
shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect
as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In
Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

SECTION 10.13.Confidentiality.

Each
Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and each Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information
until the date that is two (2) years after receipt of such Information (or, with respect to Information relating to the financial
and other material terms of this Agreement, until the date that is one (1) year after the Maturity Date), except that (x) Information
may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel
and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature
of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority
(including any self-regulatory authority), (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or
similar legal process, (iv) to any other party to this Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder,
the sale of any Portfolio Investment following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing
provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.13, to (x) any assignee of or Participant in or any prospective
assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty
(or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Company and its obligations, (vii) with the consent of the
Company, (viii) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.13
by the delivering party or its Affiliates or (y) becomes available to any Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary
or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company or (ix) to the extent permitted or required under
this Agreement or each applicable Account Control Agreement and (y) Loan Documents, transaction documents delivered pursuant to
Section 2.03, any structure chart relating to the Company, any manager deck or portfolio loan tape may be disclosed to a nationally
recognized statistical rating organization in connection with securing and/or maintaining a rating with respect to Advances made hereunder.
For the purposes of this Section 10.13, any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.13
shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the
confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

- 114 - 

SECTION 10.14.Exempted
Limited Partnership. In each Loan Document, any reference to a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership taking any action, having
any power or authority or owning, holding or dealing with any asset shall, in each case, be a reference to such exempted limited partnership
acting through its general partner (or ultimate general partner, as applicable).

(a)Each
Lender represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is
engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such
Lender, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of
financial instrument (and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of
the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to
enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make Advances hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to
make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and
either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide
such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each
Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any
other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material,
non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Company and its Affiliates) as it shall
from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement,
any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

(b)Each
Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment
and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged
receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by
or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date.

(c)(i) 
Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined
in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment,
prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) were
erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof),
such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount
of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect
of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid
to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such
Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment
with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without
limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any
Lender under this Section 10.14(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

- 115 - 

(ii) Each Lender hereby
further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount
than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates)
with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice,
it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in
each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly
notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event
later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to
which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such
Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater
of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation
from time to time in effect.

(iii) The Company, the
Collateral Agent and each other party hereto agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered
from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all
the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise
satisfy any obligations owed by the Company or any Pledgor, the Collateral Agent or any other party hereto; except, in each case, to
the extent such erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the
Administrative Agent or its Affiliates from or on behalf of the Company or any Pledgor for the purposes of making such Payment.

(iv) 
Each partys obligations under this Section 10.14(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the
Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Financing Commitments, and
the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

[remainder of page intentionally blank]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers
as of the day and year first above written.

SPCIF
FUNDING I LLC, as Company

By: Stone
Point Credit Income Fund, its sole member

By: /s/
Gene Basov

Name: Gene Basov

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Authorized Officer

Stone
Point Credit Income Adviser LLC, as Portfolio Manager

By: Stone
Point Credit Management llc, its sole member

By /s/ Gene Basov

Name: Gene Basov

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Authorized Officer

Stone
Point Credit Income Fund, as Parent

By /s/ Gene Basov

Name: Gene Basov

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Authorized Officer

THE BANK OF
NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent

By /s/
Stephen Nelson

Name: Stephen Nelson

Title: Vice President

THE BANK OF
NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Administrator

By /s/ Stephen Nelson

Name: Stephen Nelson

Title: Vice President

THE BANK OF
NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Securities Intermediary

By /s/ Stephen Nelson

Name: Stephen Nelson

Title: Vice President

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Administrative Agent

By /s/
James Greenfield

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Managing Director

The Lenders

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Lender

By /s/ James Greenfield

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Managing Director

SCHEDULE 1

Transaction Schedule1

1. Types
of Financing Available Financing
Limit

Advances yes 

Prior
to the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date: U.S.$250,000,000; (i) subject
to the satisfaction of the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Conditions, U.S.$500,000,000;
and (iii) after a Commitment Increase Date, if any, U.S.$500,000,000 plus the
principal amount of the increase in the Financing Commitment set forth in the applicable
Commitment Increase Request up to U.S.$1,000,000,000 (in the aggregate, including, for the
avoidance of doubt, the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Amount available only in
connection with the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase); in each case, as reduced to
reflect any reduction in the Financing Commitment pursuant to Section 4.07.

Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Advances denominated in Permitted Non-USD Currencies may not exceed 20.0% of the
Financing Limit.

1The Lenders are not obligated to fund in a Permitted
Non-USD Currency and Portfolio Investments may not be denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, in each case other than AUD, CAD,
GBP and Euro so long as the Administrative Agent has conducted callbacks, until a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening Notice is
delivered for the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account in accordance with Section 8.01(a). 

- 2 -

2. 

Lenders

Financing
Commitment

JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association 

(i) Prior
to the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date: U.S.$250,000,000; (ii) subject
to satisfaction of the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Conditions, U.S.$500,000,000
and (iii) after a Commitment Increase Date, if any, U.S.$500,000,000 plus the
principal amount of the increase in the Financing Commitment set forth in the applicable
Commitment Increase Request up to U.S.$1,000,000,000 (in the aggregate, including, for the
avoidance of doubt, the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Amount available only in
connection with the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase); in each case, as reduced to
reflect any reduction in the Financing Commitment pursuant to Section 4.07.

Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Advances denominated in Permitted Non-USD Currencies may not exceed 20.0% of the
Financing Commitment.

3. Scheduled
Termination Date: January 22,
2030

5. Interest
Rates 

Applicable
Margin for Advances: 

With
respect to interest based on a Benchmark, 2.20% per annum; provided that, in the case
of Advances denominated in GBP, the Applicable Margin for Advances shall be 2.3193%
per annum (in each case, subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b)).

With respect to interest based on the Term
SOFR Rate, 2.20% per annum (subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b)).

With
respect to interest based on the Base Rate, 2.20% per annum; provided that, in the case of Advances denominated in GBP, the
Applicable Margin for Advances shall be 2.3193% per annum (in each case, subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b)).

- 3 -

6. Account
Numbers 

Custodial
Account: ******-***

Interest
Collection Account: ******-***

Principal
Collection Account: ******-***

MV
Cure Account: ******-***

Unfunded
Exposure Account: ******-***

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Accounts: 

AUD: 

AUD
Custodial Account: ******-***

AUD
Interest Collection Account: ******-***

AUD
Principal Collection Account: ******-***

AUD
Unfunded Exposure Account: ******-***

CAD: 

CAD
Custodial Account: ******-***

CAD
Interest Collection Account: ******-***

CAD
Principal Collection Account: ******-***

CAD
Unfunded Exposure Account: ******-***

GBP: 

GBP
Custodial Account: ******-***

GBP
Interest Collection Account: ******-***

GBP
Principal Collection Account: ******-***

GBP
Unfunded Exposure Account: ******-***

Euro:

Euro
Custodial Account: ******-***

Euro
Interest Collection Account: ******-***

Euro
Principal Collection Account: ******-***

Euro
Unfunded Exposure Account: ******-***

Pledgor Collateral Accounts:

7. Market
Value Trigger: (i) Prior
to the Transition Date, 115% and (ii) thereafter 112.5%

8. Purchases
of Restricted Securities 

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, no Portfolio Investment may constitute, at the time of initial purchase, a Restricted Security. As
used herein, Restricted Security means any security that forms part of a new issue of publicly issued securities
(a) with respect to which an Affiliate of any Lender that is a broker or a dealer, within the meaning
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, participated in the distribution as a member of a selling syndicate or group within 30 days
of the proposed purchase by the Company and (b) which the Company proposes to purchase from any such Affiliate of any Lender. 

- 4 -

Addresses
for Notices

The
Company: 

SPCIF
Funding I LLC

c/o Stone Point Credit Income 

Advisor LLC

20 Horseneck Lane

Greenwich, Connecticut 06830

Attention:
Gene Basov

Email:

SPCCreditOpsAcct@stonepoint.com

Telephone: (203) 862-2900

The
Portfolio Manager: 

Stone
Point Credit Income

Adviser
LLC

20 Horseneck Lane

Greenwich, Connecticut 06830

Attention:
Gene Basov

Email:

SPCCreditOpsAcct@stonepoint.com

Telephone: (203) 862-2900

The
Administrative Agent: 

JPMorgan
Chase Bank,

National
Association

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd.,

3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713 

Attention:
Nicholas Rapak

Telephone:
(302) 634-4961

with
a copy to

JPMorgan
Chase Bank,

National
Association

383 Madison Ave.

New York, New York 10179 

Attention:
James Greenfield

Telephone: 212-834-9340

Email:

James.r.greenfield@jpmorgan.com

With a copy to:

de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com

The
Collateral Agent: 

The Bank
of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association

601 Travis Street, 16th Floor

Houston, TX 77002 

Attention:
Global Corporate Trust - SPCIF Funding I LLC

Email: StonePoint_CT@bny.com

The
Securities Intermediary: 

The Bank
of New York Mellon

Trust
Company, National

Association

601 Travis Street, 16th Floor

Houston, TX 77002 

Attention:
Global Corporate Trust -

SPCIF
Funding I LLC

Email: StonePoint_CT@bny.com

The
Collateral Administrator: 

The Bank
of New York Mellon

Trust
Company, National

Association

601 Travis Street, 16th Floor

Houston, TX 77002 

Attention:
Global Corporate Trust -

SPCIF
Funding I LLC

Email: StonePoint_CT@bny.com

- 5 -

JPMCB: 

JPMorgan
Chase Bank, 

National Association

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd.,

3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713 

Attention:
Nicholas Rapak

Telephone:
(302) 634-4961

with
a copy to:

JPMorgan Chase Bank,

National Association

383 Madison Ave.

New York, New York 10179 

Attention: James Greenfield

Telephone: 212-834-9340

Each
other Lender: 

The
address or electronic mail

address
provided by it to the

Administrative
Agent. 

SCHEDULE 2

Contents of Notices of Acquisition

Each Notice of Acquisition shall include the following information
for the related Portfolio Investment(s):

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Telephone: (302) 634-4961

JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Attention: James Greenfield

Email: james.r.greenfield@jpmorgan.com

de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Lender

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Telephone: (302) 634-4961

cc:

The Bank
of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association,

as Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator

601 Travis Street, 16th Floor

Houston, TX 77002

Attention:
Global Corporate Trust - SPCIF Funding I LLC

Email: StonePoint_CT@bny.com

- 2 -

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference
is hereby made to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2025(as amended, the Agreement),
among SPCIF Funding I LLC, as borrower (the Company), JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative
agent (the Administrative Agent), Stone Point Credit Income Adviser LLC, as portfolio manager (the Portfolio
Manager), Stone Point Credit Income Fund, as parent, the lenders party thereto and the collateral agent, collateral administrator
and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings
given such terms in the Agreement.

Pursuant to the Agreement,
the Portfolio Manager hereby [requests approval for the Company to acquire][notifies the Administrative Agent of the Companys
intention to acquire] via [a Purchase][a Substitution] the following Portfolio Investment(s):2

Fund 

Issuer
/ Obligor 

Jurisdiction 

Identifier
(LoanX; CUSIP) 

Requested
Notional Amount 

Currency 

Asset
Class 

Current
Pay (Y/N) 

Syndication
Type 

Lien 

Tranche
Size 

Price 

Spread
/ Coupon 

Reference
Rate 

Reference
Rate Floor 

Maturity 

Moodys
Industry 

LTM
EBITDA (In Millions) 

2Company to complete as applicable. 

- 3 -

LTM
Capital Expenditures (in Millions) 

Leverage
Through Tranche (Net) 

Interest
Coverage 

Financial
Covenants 

Security
Identifier 

Security
Description 

Quantity 

Partial
PIK Obligation (Y/N) 

To the extent available,
we have included herewith (1) the material Underlying Instruments (including, in the case of a Loan, the final credit agreement
and collateral and security documents) relating to each such Portfolio Investment, (2) an audited financial statement for the previous
most recently ended three years of the obligor of each such Portfolio Investment to the extent reasonably available to and received by
the Portfolio Manager after reasonable inquiry or, alternatively, a quality of earnings report prepared by an accredited accounting firm,
(3) quarterly statements for the previous most recently ended four fiscal quarters of the obligor of each such Portfolio Investment,
(4) any appraisal or valuation reports conducted by third parties in connection with the proposed investment by the Company, (5) applicable
proof of existence details (if requested by the Administrative Agent), and (6) investment committee memo. The Portfolio
Manager acknowledges that it will provide such other information from time to time reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent.

We hereby certify that all
conditions to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment(s) set forth in Section 1.03 of the Agreement are satisfied.

Very truly yours,

Stone Point Credit Income Adviser
LLC,

as Portfolio Manager

By 

Name:

Title:

SCHEDULE 3

Eligibility Criteria

1. Such obligation is a Senior Secured Obligation, a Second Lien Obligation,
a Liquid Unsecured Bond or a Specified Investment and is not a Synthetic Security, a Zero-Coupon Security,
a Structured Finance Obligation, a Participation Interest (other than a Participation Interest that is
an Initial Portfolio Investment), a letter of credit or an interest therein or a Mezzanine Obligation
(or, for the avoidance of doubt, any other unsecured obligation of an obligor).

2. Such obligation does not require the making of any future advance or
payment by the Company to the issuer thereof or any related counterparty except in connection with a
Delayed Funding Term Loan or a Revolving Loan.

3. Such obligation is eligible to be entered into by, sold or assigned to
the Company and pledged to the Collateral Agent.

4. Such obligation is denominated and payable in USD or a Permitted Non-USD
Currency and purchased at a price that is at least 75% of the par amount of such obligation; provided
that any Non-Traded Portfolio Investment must be purchased at a price that is at least 95% of par.

5. Such obligation is issued by a company organized in an Eligible Jurisdiction.

6. It is an obligation upon which no payments are subject to deduction or
withholding for or on account of any withholding Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction unless the related
obligor is required to make gross-up payments that cover the full amount of any such withholding
Taxes (subject to customary conditions to such payments which the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on
behalf of the Company) in its good faith reasonable judgment expects to be satisfied).

7. Such obligation is not subject to an event of default (as defined in
the Underlying Instruments for such obligation) in accordance with its terms (including the terms of
its Underlying Instruments after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth in the Underlying
Instruments for such obligation, but not to exceed five (5) days) and no Indebtedness of the obligor
thereon ranking pari passu with or senior to such obligation is in default with respect to the
payment of principal or interest or is subject to any other event of default that would trigger a default
under the related Underlying Instruments (after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth
in such Underlying Instruments, but not to exceed five (5) days) (a Defaulted Obligation).

8. The timely repayment of such obligation is not subject to non-credit-related
risk as determined by the Portfolio Manager in its good faith and reasonable judgment.

9. It is not at the time of purchase or commitment to purchase the subject
of an offer other than an offer pursuant to the terms of which the offeror offers to acquire a debt obligation
in exchange for consideration consisting solely of cash in an amount equal to or greater than the full
face amount of such debt obligation plus any accrued and unpaid interest.

10. Such obligation is not an equity security and does not provide, on the
date of acquisition, for conversion or exchange at any time over its life into an equity security.

- 2 -

11. Such obligation (i) provides for periodic payments of interest
thereon in cash at least semi-annually and (ii) except with respect to a Partial PIK Obligation,
does not allow for the payment in kind of interest.

12. Such obligation will not cause the Company or the pool of Collateral
to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

13. The Portfolio Investment has been Delivered to the Collateral Agent.

14. (i) The
Administrative Agent is an Eligible Assignee (as such term, or comparable term,
is defined in the Underlying Instruments in respect of such Portfolio Investment) and such
Portfolio Investment is otherwise permitted to be entered into by, sold or assigned to the
Administrative Agent and (ii) the Company has delivered to the Collateral Agent to hold
in custody in accordance with this Agreement (to be provided to the Administrative Agent
following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the
occurrence of a Market Value Event) an assignment agreement duly executed by the administrative
agent and/or obligor (as required to effect an assignment pursuant to such Underlying Instruments)
in respect of such Portfolio Investment, naming the Administrative Agent as assignee.

15. Following the relevant Trade Date, such Portfolio Investment has not
been amended to (a) reduce the principal amount of such Portfolio Investment, (b) postpone
the maturity date or any scheduled prepayment date in respect of such Portfolio Investment, (c) alter
the pro rata allocation or sharing of payments or distributions required by any related Underlying Instruments
in a manner adverse to the Company, (d) release any material guarantor of such Portfolio Investment
from its obligations, or (e) terminate or release any lien on a material portion on the collateral
securing such Portfolio Investment, in each case without the prior written consent of the Administrative
Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders); provided that this clause 15 shall not be applicable
for purposes of Section 1.03 of the Agreement.

16. Without
limitation to clauses 7 and 15 above, in the case of a Specified Investment, (i) the
obligor on such obligation has not violated any financial covenant contained in such obligations
Underlying Instruments and (ii) no such financial covenant has been amended, modified
or waived, in each case, since the relevant Trade Date (in the case of this subclause (ii),
unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion).

The following capitalized
terms used in this Schedule 3 shall have the meanings set forth below:

Eligible
Jurisdictions means the United States and any State therein Australia, Canada, the Cayman Islands, the United Kingdom and
each country within the European Economic Area other than Bulgaria, Romania and Malta, or such other jurisdictions as may be consented
to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.

Partial
PIK Obligation means a Senior Secured Obligation or a Second Lien Obligation whose Underlying Instruments permit the payment
in kind of interest (PIK-ing Interest), but require that interest at a rate at least equal to the sum of
(a) the reference rate applicable to such Senior Secured Obligation or Second Lien Obligation plus (b) 50% of the spread
of such Senior Secured Obligation or Second Lien Obligation is paid in cash on at least a semi-annual basis.

Specified
Investment has the meaning set forth in the Effective Date Letter.

- 3 -

Structured
Finance Obligation means any obligation issued by a special purpose vehicle and secured directly by, referenced to, or representing
ownership of, a pool of receivables or other financial assets of any obligor, including collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed
securities.

Synthetic
Security means a security or swap transaction, other than a participation interest or a letter of credit, that has payments
associated with either payments of interest on and/or principal of a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation.

Zero-Coupon
Security means any debt security that by its terms (a) does not bear interest for all or part of the remaining period
that it is outstanding or (b) pays interest only at its stated maturity.

SCHEDULE 4

Concentration Limitations

The Concentration Limitations
shall be satisfied on any date of determination if, in the aggregate, the Portfolio Investments (other than any Ineligible Investments)
owned (or in relation to a proposed purchase of a Portfolio Investment, proposed to be owned) by the Company comply with all the requirements
set forth below; provided that, with respect to each Concentration Limitation set forth below related to any Permitted Non-USD
Currency, prior to the receipt of the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening Notice such Concentration Limitation shall
be not more than 0.0%:

1. Portfolio Investments issued by a single
obligor and its affiliates may not exceed an aggregate principal balance equal to 6% of the
Collateral Principal Amount; provided that (x) Senior Secured Obligations (excluding,
for the avoidance of doubt, any Specified Investments and Liquid Unsecured Bonds) issued
by one obligor and its affiliates in any of Industry Classifications 202020, 351020, 351030,
402010, 402020, 402030, 403010, 451020 or 451030 that are agreed to between the Administrative
Agent and the Portfolio Manager in writing (including via email) may constitute up to an
aggregate principal balance equal to 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount and (y) Second
Lien Obligations, Liquid Unsecured Bonds or Specified Investments (unless agreed otherwise
by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) issued by a single obligor and its affiliates
may not exceed an aggregate principal balance equal to 4% of the Collateral Principal Amount
(such limitations, the Base Obligor Limitations); provided, further
that during the Extended Ramp-Up Period, Senior Secured Obligations (excluding, for the
avoidance of doubt, any Specified Investments and Liquid Unsecured Bonds) issued by a single
obligor and its affiliates may not exceed an aggregate principal balance equal to 12% of
the Collateral Principal Amount, except that Senior Secured Obligations (excluding,
for the avoidance of doubt, any Specified Investments and Liquid Unsecured Bonds) issued
by up to two (2) obligors and their respective affiliates may each constitute up to
an aggregate principal balance equal to 8% of the Collateral Principal Amount.

2. (a) During the Ramp-Up Period, not
less than 80% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Senior Secured Obligations
and Specified Investments, collectively (plus cash and Eligible Investments on deposit in
the Company Collateral Accounts as Principal Proceeds) and (b) after the Ramp-Up Period,
(i) if Stage 1 or Stage 2 is the applicable Stage, not less than 85% of the Collateral
Principal Amount may consist of Senior Secured Obligations and Specified Investments, collectively
(plus cash and Eligible Investments on deposit in the Company Collateral Accounts as Principal
Proceeds) and (ii) if Stage 3 is the applicable Stage, not less than 95% of the Collateral
Principal Amount may consist of Senior Secured Obligations (plus cash and Eligible Investments
on deposit in the Company Collateral Accounts as Principal Proceeds).

3. Not more than 10% of the Collateral Principal
Amount may consist of Specified Investments.

- 2 -

4. On any date after the last day of the Ramp-Up
Period or the Extended Ramp-Up Period, as applicable, (x) if Stage 1 or Stage 3 is the
applicable Stage, (a) on any date after the last day of the Extended Ramp-Up Period,
not more than 12% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments
that are issued by obligors that belong to the same GICs Industry Classification industry
classification; provided that Portfolio Investments that are issued by obligors that
belong to any of the following GICs Industry Classification industry classifications may
each constitute up to 18% of the Collateral Principal Amount: 202020, 351020, 351030, 402010,
402020, 402030, 403010, 451020 and 451030; provided that Portfolio Investments that
are issued by obligors that belong to one of the foregoing GICs Industry Classification industry
classifications may constitute up to 20% of the Collateral Principal Amount and (b) on
any date after the last day of the Ramp-Up Period not more than the applicable percentage
of the Collateral Principal Amount set forth in the column entitled Sector Limit
in Schedule 6 hereto may consist of Portfolio Investments that are issued by obligors that
belong to the same GICs Industry Classification sector classification set forth in Schedule
6 hereto and (y) if Stage 2 is the applicable Stage, (a) on any date after the
last day of the Extended Ramp-Up Period, not more than 12% of the Collateral Principal Amount
may consist of Portfolio Investments that are issued by obligors that belong to the same
GICs Industry Classification industry classification; provided that Portfolio Investments
that are issued by obligors that belong to (I) any of the following GICs Industry Classification
industry classifications may each constitute up to 18% of the Collateral Principal Amount:
202020, 351020, 351030, 402010, 402020, 402030, 451020 and 451030; provided that Portfolio
Investments that are issued by obligors that belong to one of the foregoing GICs Industry
Classification industry classifications may constitute up to 20% of the Collateral Principal
Amount and (II) Portfolio Investments that are issued by obligors that belong to GICs
Industry Classification industry classification 403010 may constitute up to 25% of the Collateral
Principal Amount and (b) on any date after the last day of the Ramp-Up Period, not more
than the applicable percentage of the Collateral Principal Amount set forth in the column
entitled Sector Limit in Schedule 6 hereto may consist of Portfolio Investments
that are issued by obligors that belong to the same GICs Industry Classification sector classification
set forth in Schedule 6 hereto.

As used herein:

GICs Industry Classification
means a sector or industry classification set forth in Schedule 6 hereto, as applicable, which classification (x) shall be
determined by the Portfolio Manager (with the consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) on the Trade Date
for the applicable Portfolio Investment and (y) shall be updated, upon reasonable prior notice to the Portfolio Manager, for any
published revisions to GICs sector or industry classifications.

5. (a) During the Ramp-Up Period, the
Unfunded Exposure Amount shall not exceed 30% of the Collateral Principal Amount, and (b) after
the Ramp-Up Period, the Unfunded Exposure Amount shall not exceed 10% of the Collateral Principal
Amount.

6. Not
more than an aggregate of 20% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio
Investments denominated in Permitted Non-USD Currencies; provided that not
more than an aggregate of 5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio
Investments denominated in AUD.

7. Not more than an aggregate of 20% of the
Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments whose obligors are organized
in Eligible Jurisdictions other than the United States.

- 3 -

8. 0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may
consist of obligations of obligors with EBITDA for the most recent fiscal quarter ending
on or most recently ended prior to the applicable date of determination (calculated in accordance
with the Underlying Instruments in respect of such Portfolio Investment, as determined by
the Administrative Agent in its commercially reasonable judgment) of U.S.$10,000,000 or less;
provided that Specified Investments shall be disregarded for purposes of this clause
8.

9. Not more than 10% of the Collateral Principal
Amount may consist of Liquid Unsecured Bonds.

10. Not more than 5% of the Collateral Principal
Amount may consist of Partial PIK Obligations which are currently PIK-ing Interest.

SCHEDULE 5

Initial Portfolio Investments

See attached.

SCHEDULE 6

GICs Industry Classifications

Sector
Classification Sector
Limit Industry
Code Industry
Classification

Energy
5% 101010 Energy
Equipment & Services

101020 Oil,
Gas & Consumable Fuels 

Materials 15% 151010 Chemicals

151020 Construction
Materials

151030 Containers &
Packaging

151040 Metals &
Mining

151050 Paper &
Forest Products

Industrials 25% 201010 Aerospace &
Defense

201020 Building
Products

201030 Construction &
Engineering

201040 Electrical
Equipment

201050 Industrial
Conglomerates

201060 Machinery

201070 Trading
Companies & Distributors 

202010 Commercial
Services & Supplies 

202020 Professional
Services

203010 Air
Freight & Logistics 

203020 Airlines

203030 Marine

203040 Road &
Rail

203050 Transportation
Infrastructure

Consumer
Discretionary 10% 251010 Auto
Components 

251020 Automobiles

252010 Household
Durables 

252020 Leisure
Products 

252030 Textiles,
Apparel & Luxury Goods 

253010 Hotels,
Restaurants & Leisure 

253020 Diversified
Consumer Services

255010 Distributors

255020 Internet &
Direct Marketing Retail 

255030 Multiline
Retail 

255040 Specialty
Retail 

Consumer
Staples 15% 301010 Food &
Staples Retailing 

302010 Beverages

302020 Food
Products 

302030 Tobacco

303010 Household
Products 

303020 Personal
Products

Health
Care Variable
Sector Limit 351010 Health
Care Equipment & Supplies

351020 Health
Care Providers & Services

351030 Health
Care Technology

352010 Biotechnology

352020 Pharmaceuticals

352030 Life
Sciences Tools & Services

- 2 -

Financials If
Stage 1 or Stage 3 is the applicable Stage, Variable Sector Limit. If Stage 2 is the applicable Stage, 50%. 401010 Banks

401020 Thrifts &
Mortgage Finance

402010 Diversified
Financial Services

402020 Consumer
Finance

402030 Capital
Markets 

402040 Mortgage
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

403010 Insurance

Information
Technology Variable
Sector Limit 451020 IT
Services 

451030 Software

452010 Communications
Equipment 

452020 Technology
Hardware, Storage & Peripherals

452030 Electronic
Equipment, Instruments & Components 

453010 Semiconductors &
Semiconductor Equipment

Communication
Services 25% 501020 Diversified
Telecommunication Services

501020 Wireless
Telecommunication Services

502010 Media

502020 Entertainment

502030 Interactive
Media & Services

Utilities
15% 551010 Electric
Utilities 

551020 Gas
Utilities 

551030 Multi-Utilities

551040 Water
Utilities 

551050 Independent
Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

Real
Estate 15% 601010 Equity
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

601020 Real
Estate Management & Development

*
As used above, Variable Sector Limit means, on any date of determination, (x) if Stage 1 is the applicable
Stage (i) with respect to one of the GICs Industry Classification Sector Classification designated above, 40%, (ii) with respect
to one of the applicable GICs Industry Classification Sector Classification designated above, 30% and (iii) with respect to the
remaining GICs Industry Classification Sector Classification Designated above, 25%, (y) if Stage 2 is the applicable Stage (i) with
respect to one of the GICs Industry Classification Sector Classification designated above, 30% and (ii) with respect to the remaining
GICs Industry Classification Sector Classification designated above, 25% and (z) if Stage 3 is the applicable Stage (i) with
respect to two of the GICs Industry Classification Sector Classifications designated above, 30%, and (ii) with respect to the remaining
GICs Industry Classification Sector Classification Designated above, 25%. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Company nor the Portfolio
Manager shall be obligated to select or identify the applicable designated GICs Industry Classification Sector Classifications to which
clause (i), (ii) and (iii) above shall apply and no action by any Person shall be required to modify which applicable designated
GICs Industry Classification Sector Classification is subject to any such clause.

SCHEDULE 7

Form of Partial PIK Obligations Notifications

Portfolio
Investment Paid
PIK Interest in Quarter ended [Insert immediately prior Quarter] (Y/N) Coupon
Paid (Cash / PIK Interest)

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

SCHEDULE 8

Investors

As set forth in the Effective Date Letter.

EXHIBIT A

Form of Request for Advance

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Telephone: (302) 634-4961

JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Attention: James Greenfield

Email: james.r.greenfield@jpmorgan.com

de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Lender

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Telephone: (302) 634-4961

cc:

The Bank
of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association,

601 Travis Street, 16th Floor

Houston, TX 77002

Attention:
Global Corporate Trust - SPCIF Funding I LLC

Email: StonePoint_CT@bny.com

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference
is hereby made to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2025 (as amended, the Agreement),
among SPCIF Funding I LLC, as borrower (the Company), JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative
agent (the Administrative Agent), Stone Point Credit Income Adviser LLC, as portfolio manager (the Portfolio
Manager), Stone Point Credit Income Fund, as parent, the lenders party thereto, and the collateral agent, collateral administrator
and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings
given such terms in the Agreement.

- 2 -

Pursuant to the Agreement,
you are hereby notified of the following:

(1)The
Company hereby requests an Advance under Section 2.02 of the Agreement to be funded on [____________].

(2)The
aggregate amount of the Advance requested hereby is U.S.$[_________].3

(3)The
currency of the proposed Advance is [USD][AUD][CAD][EUR][GBP].

(4)The
amount of Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments as of the date of the Advance requested hereby is U.S.$[_________]

(5)The
proposed purchases (if any) relating to this request are as follows:

Security Par Price Purchased
Interest(if any)

[(5)The
Advance is requested to make a Permitted Distribution for the following purpose(s): [__]].

We hereby certify that all
conditions [to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment(s) set forth in Section 1.03 of the Agreement and] to an Advance set
forth in Section 2.04 of the Agreement have been satisfied or waived as of the [related Trade Date (and shall be satisfied or waived
as of the related Settlement Date) and] Advance date[, as applicable].

Very truly yours,

[]

By 

Name:

Title:

3Note: The requested Advance shall
be in an amount such that, after giving effect thereto and the related purchase of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s) (if any), the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied.

EXHIBIT B

Form of Assignment and Assumption

This Assignment and Assumption
(the Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between
[Insert name of Assignor] (the Assignor) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the Assignee).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement identified below (as amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby
acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated
herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.

For an agreed consideration,
the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the
Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Loan Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted
by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignors rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender
under the Loan Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage
interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the Loan Agreement and (ii) to
the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in
its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Loan Agreement, any other
documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any
of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity
related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned
pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest).
Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without
representation or warranty by the Assignor.

1. Assignor: ______________________________

2. Assignee: ______________________________

[and is an Affiliate of [identify Lender]4 ]

3. Borrower: []

4. Administrative
Agent: JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent under the Loan Agreement

5. Loan
Agreement: The
Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2025 (as amended, the Agreement),
among SPCIF Funding I LLC, as borrower (the Company), JPMorgan Chase
Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent),
Stone Point Credit Income Adviser LLC, as portfolio manager (the Portfolio Manager),
Stone Point Credit Income Fund, as parent, the lenders party thereto and the collateral agent,
collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto

4Select as applicable.

1

2

6.Assigned
Interest:

Aggregate
Amount

of Financing

Commitment for

all Lenders Amount
of

Financing 

Commitment 

Assigned Percentage

Assigned of 

Financing 

Commitments5 Amount
of 

Advances

Assigned Percentage

Assigned of 

Advances8

$ $ % $ %

$ $ % $ %

$ $ % $ %

Aggregate
Amount 

of Advances for all

Lenders Aggregate

Amount of 

Advances 

Assigned Percentage

Assigned of 

Advances8

$ $ %

$ $ %

Effective Date: _____________ ___, 20___ [TO
BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

The Assignee agrees to deliver to the Administrative
Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more Contacts to whom all syndicate-level information
(which may contain material non-public information about the Company and its Related Parties or their respective securities) will be
made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignees compliance procedures and applicable laws,
including Federal and state securities laws.

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption
are hereby agreed to:

ASSIGNOR

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Name:

Title:

ASSIGNEE

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

5
Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Financing Commitment/Advances of all Lenders thereunder.

2

3

Consented to and Accepted: 

JPMORGAN CHASE
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

[Consented to:]6 

[] 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

6
To be added only if the consent of the Company is required by the terms of the Loan Agreement.

3

annex
1 to Assignment and assumption to the Loan Agreement

STANDARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

1. Representations and Warranties.

1.1 Assignor. The
Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the
Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and
has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection
with the Loan Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Agreement
or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person
obligated in respect of the Loan Agreement, (iv) any requirements under applicable law for the Assignee to become a lender under
the Loan Agreement or to charge interest at the rate set forth therein from time to time or (v) the performance or observance by
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the Loan Agreement.

1.2. Assignee. The
Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute
and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Loan
Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Loan Agreement and under applicable law that are required
to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it
shall be bound by the provisions of the Loan Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have
the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented
by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest,
is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Loan Agreement, together with copies of the most
recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(p) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information
as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase
the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative
Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and (vi) attached to the Assignment and Assumption
is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee
and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other
Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time,
continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Agreement, and (ii) it will perform in accordance
with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.

2. Payments. From
and after the Effective Date, the Collateral Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of
principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to
the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.

3.
General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together
shall constitute one instrument. Acceptance and adoption of the terms of this Assignment and Assumption by the Assignee and the
Assignor by Electronic Signature or delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by
any Approved Electronic Platform shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption.
This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.

1

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE

[DATE]

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Telephone: (302) 634-4961

JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Attention: James Greenfield

Email:james.r.greenfield@jpmorgan.com

de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com

RE: That
certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2025 (as amended,
the Agreement), among SPCIF Funding I LLC, as borrower (the Company),
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the Administrative
Agent), Stone Point Credit Income Adviser LLC, as portfolio manager (the Portfolio
Manager), Stone Point Credit Income Fund, as parent, the lenders party thereto,
and the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto.
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the
Agreement.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned hereby certifies,
as an authorized signatory of the Credit Risk Parties, that:

1.As
of the date hereof, the spreadsheet attached as Annex A hereto that contains a calculation of the Borrowing Base is true and correct
in all material respects.

2.No
Investor has changed its name since the date of the previously delivered Borrowing Base Certificate, except as set forth on Annex
B attached hereto.

[Signature page(s) follow]

Form of Borrowing

Base Certificate

[]

By: 

Name:

Title:

[]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Annex A

[Attach Spreadsheet]

Annex B

[Attach if Applicable]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>