<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-005165.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-005165.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417083010
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-005165
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vivos Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001716166
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				813224056
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39796
		FILM NUMBER:		25844375

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7921 SOUTHPARK PLAZA,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			LITTLETON
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(866)908-4867

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7921 SOUTHPARK PLAZA,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			LITTLETON
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vivos BioTechnologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170901
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000171616600017161662025-04-172025-04-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 17, 2025 (April 15, 2025)

Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39796 81-3224056

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

file
number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

7921
Southpark Plaza, Suite 210

Littleton,
Colorado80120

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(844)672-4357

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share VVOS The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry
Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
April 15, 2025, Vivos Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into an Asset Purchase
Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with R.D. Prabhu-Lata K. Shete MDs, LTD., a Nevada professional corporation d/b/a
The Sleep Center of Nevada (SCN), and its shareholders Prabhu Rachakonda, M.D. and Lata K. Shete, M.D. Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company will purchase, among other things, the operating assets related to SCNs sleep testing,
diagnostics, and treatment centers in consideration of (i) a cash payment equal to $6.0 million which is subject to certain adjustments
prior to closing, (ii) shares of restricted common stock in the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock),
equal to $1.5 million based on the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of the Common Stock for the 30 days immediately
preceding the closing date, (iii) contingent earn out consideration in the form of restricted Common Stock equal to $1.5
million based on the VWAP of the Common Stock for the 30 days following the date on which the acquired SCN sleep centers achieve an agreed
upon financial milestone, as determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and (iv) the assumption by
the Company of certain specific trade accounts payable and liabilities related to specific SCN contracts assigned to the Company as part
of the transaction.

The Company will need to finance
the cash portion of the acquisition consideration given its current cash on hand. The Company intends to secure the funding for the upfront
cash payment primarily with a senior debt facility and also potential equity financing. No definitive agreement has been reached with
respect to such debt facility as of the date of this Report.

The closing of the transaction
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (the Closing) is expected to occur later in the current quarter or in
the third quarter, and such closing is not subject to approval by the Companys stockholders. The Closing is subject to a number
of conditions, including, among others, (i) the accuracy of representations and warranties of the parties; (ii) performance of interim
covenants between signing and closing; (iii) the receipt by the Seller of certain third-party consents; (iv) an absence of material adverse
change with respect to SCN; (v) Company having completed its due diligence investigation, the results of which are satisfactory to Company
in its sole discretion; (vi) the Company having received a quality of earnings report and audited financials of SCN; (vii) an absence
of litigation or similar proceedings seeking to restrain or prohibit the proposed transaction; and (viii) execution and delivery of all
required closing deliverables. The Closing is expected to occur within approximately five business days following the satisfaction or
waiver of the Closing conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement also contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants for a transaction of this type. The Purchase Agreement further contains customary indemnification provisions
pursuant to which the parties agree to indemnify each other for certain matters, including, among other things, breaches of certain representations,
warranties and covenants in connection with the transaction.

In
connection with the transaction contemplated in the Purchase Agreement, at the Closing, the parties directly, or through their subsidiaries,
will also enter into a transition services agreement, practice administration and management and succession agreements designed to maintain
compliance with corporate practice of medicine doctrines, as well as certain other ancillary agreements, including an employment agreement
between the Company and Dr. Prabhu Rachakonda which will afford Dr. Rachakonda an annual salary of $400,000, a board observation right
and customary benefits. It is anticipated that the assumed assets and liabilities of SCN will be held in a subsidiary of the Company.

The
foregoing description of the terms of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its
entirety by reference to, the complete text of the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein by reference only to provide
investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about any party to the Purchase
Agreement or any of their respective subsidiaries. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement
were made only for purposes of the Purchase Agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase
Agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures
exchanged between the parties in connection with the execution of the Purchase Agreement. The representations, warranties and covenants
may have been made for the purposes of allocating risk between the Company and SCN and its shareholders instead of establishing these
matters as facts and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable
to investors. Company investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Purchase Agreement and should not rely on the representations,
warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any party to the
Purchase Agreement or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The Purchase Agreement should be read in conjunction with the
disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Moreover, information
concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent
information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys public disclosures.

2

On
April 16, 2025, the Company issued a press release disclosing the transaction with SCN, including the Companys entry into
the Asset Purchase Agreement. The press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
Current Report on Form 8-K (the Form 8-K), the Companys press release filed as an exhibit hereto and any
statements of the Companys management made in connection therewith contain forward-looking statements (as defined
in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) concerning
future events. Words such as may, should, expects, projects, intends,
plans, believes, anticipates, hopes, estimates, goal.
aim and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In this press
release, forward-looking statements include, without limitation, those relating to (i) the timing for closing of the SCN acquisition
(which remains subject to key conditions), (ii) the actual future impact of such acquisition on Vivos future revenues and results
of operations and (iii) the anticipated benefits and potential expansion of Vivos marketing and distribution model. These statements
involve significant known and unknown risks and are based upon several assumptions and estimates, which are inherently subject to significant
uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Companys control. Readers are cautioned that actual results may
differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially include, but are not limited to: (i) the risk that the Company may be unable to finance the cash portion of the
acquisition purchase price on favorable terms, if at all or otherwise implement revenue, sales and marketing strategies and other strategies
that increase revenues, (ii) the risk that some patients may not achieve the desired results from using the Companys products,
(iii) risks associated with regulatory scrutiny of and adverse publicity in the sleep apnea treatment sector; (iv) the risk that the
Company may be unable to secure additional financing on reasonable terms when needed, if at all or maintain its Nasdaq listing and (v)
market and other conditions, and (vi) other risk factors described in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC). The Companys SEC filings can be obtained free of charge on the SECs website at www.sec.gov.
Except to the extent required by law, the Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates
or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Companys expectations with respect
thereto or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any statement is based.

Item
9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

2.1* Asset
Purchase Agreement, dated April 15, 2025, by and among Company, SCN and its shareholders

99.1 Press Release, dated April 16, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL)

*
Portions of this exhibit (indicated by [* * *]) have been omitted because the Company has determined that the information is of the
type that the Company treats as private and confidential. In addition, schedules have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item
601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon its request;
provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
for any schedule so furnished.

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Dated:
April 17, 2025 By: /s/
R. Kirk Huntsman

R.
Kirk Huntsman

Chief
Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
2.1

Portions
of this exhibit (indicated by [* * *]) have been omitted because the Company has determined that the information is of the type that
the Company treats as private and confidential.

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Asset Purchase Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of April 15, 2025, is entered into by and among R.D.
Prabhu-Lata K. Shete MDs, LTD., a Nevada professional corporation d/b/a The Sleep Center of Nevada (Seller), Dr.
Prabhu Rachakonda, M.D., individually as Sellers President, Director, and shareholder (Seller Principal),
Lata K. Shete, M.D. individually as Sellers additional shareholder, and Vivos Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation or its
designated subsidiary (collectively, Buyer). Seller, Seller Principal, and Buyer are referred to collectively as
the Parties. Capitalized terms used herein are defined in Schedule A attached hereto.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Seller is engaged in the business of sleep apnea testing, diagnostics, and treatment at those clinical locations within Clark County,
Nevada, set forth on Schedule B attached hereto (the Business); and

WHEREAS,
Seller wishes to sell and assign to Buyer, and Buyer wishes to purchase and assume from Seller, substantially all the assets, and certain
specified liabilities, of the Business, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

Purchase
and Sale

Section
1.01 Purchase and Sale of Assets. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein,
at the Closing, Seller shall sell, convey, assign, transfer, and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, free and clear
of all Encumbrances, all of Sellers right, title, and interest in, to, and under all of the tangible and intangible assets, properties,
and rights of every kind and nature and wherever located (other than the Excluded Assets), which relate to, or are used or held for use
in connection with, the Business (collectively, the Purchased Assets), including the following:

(a)
all cash on hand in the minimum amount of $500,000 and accounts receivable, including, without limitation, any patient receivables held
by Seller (Accounts Receivable) set forth on Section set forth on Section 1.01(a) of the disclosure schedules
attached hereto (the Disclosure Schedules);

(b)
all inventory, finished goods, raw materials, packaging, supplies, and other inventories (Inventory);

(c)
all Contracts (the Assigned Contracts) set forth on Section 1.01(c) of the Disclosure Schedules. The term Contracts
means all contracts, leases, licenses, instruments, notes, commitments, undertakings, indentures, joint ventures, and all other agreements,
commitments, and legally binding arrangements, whether written or oral;

(d)
all furniture, fixtures, equipment, machinery, tools, vehicles, office equipment, supplies, computers, telephones, clinical supplies
and instruments, paper goods, office supplies, and other tangible personal property, including, without limitation, any furniture, fixtures
and testing and diagnostic equipment used in the Business (the Tangible Personal Property);

1

(e)
all Leases and subleases for Leased Real Property, including leasehold improvements associated therewith;

(f)
all patient records, which shall include all original records, digitally stored records, x-rays, charts, test results, recordings, photographs,
slides, recall lists and lab models, financial and credit records of all of the current and former patients of the Business for all current
and former providers of patient treatment in the Business, and which shall include all billing records (collectively hereinafter referred
to as the Patient Records);

(g)
all intellectual property assets, including without limitation, software, applications, website, email lists and email accounts, telephone
numbers, fax numbers and social media accounts;

(h)
all prepaid expenses, credits, advance payments, claims, security, refunds, rights of recovery, rights of set-off, rights of recoupment,
deposits, charges, sums, and fees (including any such item relating to the payment of Taxes);

(i)
all of Sellers rights under warranties, indemnities, and all similar rights against third parties to the extent related to any
Purchased Assets;

(j)
all insurance benefits, including rights and proceeds, arising from or relating to the Business, the Purchased Assets, or the Assumed
Liabilities;

(k)
originals or, where not available, copies, of all books and records, including books of account, ledgers, and general, financial, and
accounting records, machinery and equipment maintenance files, customer lists, customer purchasing histories, price lists, distribution
lists, supplier lists, production data, quality control records and procedures, customer complaints and inquiry files, research and development
files, records, and data (including all correspondence with any federal, state, local, or foreign government or political subdivision
thereof, or any agency or instrumentality of such government or political subdivision, or any arbitrator, court, or tribunal of competent
jurisdiction (collectively, Governmental Authority)), sales material and records, strategic plans and marketing,
and promotional surveys, material, and research (Books and Records); and

(l)
all goodwill and the going concern value of the Purchased Assets and the Business.

Section
1.02 Excluded Assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchased Assets shall not
include the assets, properties, and rights specifically set forth on Section 1.02 of the Disclosure Schedules (collectively, the
Excluded Assets).

Section
1.03 Assumed Liabilities.

(a)
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Buyer shall assume and agree to pay, perform, and discharge only the following
Liabilities of Seller (collectively, the Assumed Liabilities), and no other Liabilities:

(i)
all trade accounts payable of Seller to third parties in connection with the Business that remain unpaid and are not delinquent as of
the Closing Date; and

(ii)
all Liabilities in respect of the Assigned Contracts but only to the extent that such Liabilities thereunder are required to be performed
after the Closing Date, were incurred in the ordinary course of business, and do not relate to any failure to perform, improper performance,
warranty, or other breach, default, or violation by Seller on or prior to the Closing.

2

(b)
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, Buyer shall not assume and shall not be responsible to pay, perform,
or discharge any Liabilities of Seller or any of its Affiliates of any kind or nature whatsoever other than the Assumed Liabilities (the
Excluded Liabilities).

Section
1.04 Purchase Price. The aggregate purchase price for the Purchased Assets shall be
Nine Million Dollars ($9,000,000) (the Purchase Price), subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 1.05 hereof,
plus the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities. The Purchase Price shall be paid as provided in Section 1.06.

Section
1.05 Purchase Price Adjustments.

(a)
Working Capital Adjustment.

(i)
The Purchase Price shall be subject to adjustment based on the difference between the Target Working Capital (as defined below) and the
Actual Working Capital (as defined below) of the Business as of the Closing Date (the Working Capital Adjustment).
The Target Working Capital shall be an amount equal to the average of the working capital (excluding cash and funded
debt) of the Business for the six months prior to the Closing Date, calculated in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied. The Actual
Working Capital shall be an amount equal to the non-cash working capital (i.e., excluding cash and funded debt) of the Business
as of the Closing Date, calculated in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied. The Working Capital Adjustment shall be equal to the
Actual Working Capital minus the Target Working Capital.

(ii)
At least [* * *] to the Closing Date, Seller shall deliver to Buyer a statement setting forth Sellers good faith estimate of the
Working Capital Adjustment as of the Closing Date (the Estimated Working Capital Adjustment). If the Estimated Working
Capital Adjustment is a positive number, the Purchase Price to be paid at Closing shall be increased by such amount. If the Estimated
Working Capital Adjustment is a negative number, the Purchase Price to be paid at Closing shall be decreased by such amount.

(iii)
Within [* * *] the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver to Seller a statement setting forth Buyers calculation of the Actual Working
Capital and the Working Capital Adjustment as of the Closing Date (the Closing Statement), provided however,
in calculating Actual Working Capital, Buyer shall be entitled to reduce the value of any Accounts Receivable that remain uncollected
as of [* * *] after the Closing Date in an amount consistent with GAAP. Seller shall have [* * *] after receipt of the Closing Statement
to review and object to the Closing Statement in writing, specifying in reasonable detail the basis for such objection. If Seller does
not object to the Closing Statement within such period, the Closing Statement and the Working Capital Adjustment set forth therein shall
be deemed final and binding on the Parties. If Seller objects to the Closing Statement within such period, the Parties shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to resolve the dispute within [* * *] after Buyers receipt of Sellers objection. If the Parties are
unable to resolve the dispute within such period, the dispute shall be submitted to an independent accounting firm mutually acceptable
to the Parties (the Accounting Firm) for resolution. The Accounting Firm shall act as an expert and not as an arbitrator
and shall resolve only those items in dispute. The Accounting Firm shall deliver its determination to the Parties within [* * *] after
its engagement. The determination of the Accounting Firm shall be final and binding on the Parties, absent manifest error. The fees and
expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne equally by the Parties.

3

(iv)
If the final Working Capital Adjustment is a positive number, Buyer shall pay to Seller an amount in cash equal to such number, by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Seller, within [* * *] after the final determination of the Working
Capital Adjustment. If the final Working Capital Adjustment is a negative number, Seller shall pay to Buyer an amount in cash equal to
the absolute value of such number, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Buyer, within [* * *]
after the final determination of the Working Capital Adjustment.

(b)
EBITDA Adjustment.

(i)
The Purchase Price shall be subject to adjustment based on any Material Adjustment (as defined below) to the EBITDA (the EBITDA
Adjustment). A Material Adjustment shall be any owner compensation, personal expenses, and non-recurring
items incurred during the trailing twelve-month period, as identified during Buyers due diligence or the audit, as set forth in
Section 5.05. As of the date of this Agreement, [* * *]. Any adjustments totaling less than [* * *] in the aggregate shall be deemed
immaterial and shall not qualify as a Material Adjustment.

(ii)
At least [* * *] to the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver to Seller a statement setting forth Buyers good faith estimate of the
EBITDA Adjustment as of the Closing Date (the Estimated EBITDA Adjustment). The Purchase Price to be paid at Closing
shall be decreased by the amount equal to the Material Adjustments set forth in the Estimated EBITDA Adjustment.

(iii)
Within [* * *] the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver to Seller a statement setting forth Buyers calculation of the final EBITDA
Adjustment based on the results of due diligence and any independent audit (the Final EBITDA Statement). Seller
shall have [* * *] after receipt of the Final EBITDA Statement to review and object to the calculation in writing, specifying in reasonable
detail the basis for such objection. If Seller does not object to the Final EBITDA Statement within such period, the Final EBITDA Statement
and the EBITDA Adjustment set forth therein shall be deemed final and binding on the Parties. If Seller objects to the Final EBITDA Statement
within such period, the Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to resolve the dispute within [* * *] after Buyers receipt
of Sellers objection. If the Parties are unable to resolve the dispute within such period, the dispute shall be submitted to the
Accounting Firm for resolution. The Accounting Firm shall act as an expert and not as an arbitrator and shall resolve only those items
in dispute. The Accounting Firm shall deliver its determination to the Parties within [* * *] after its engagement. The determination
of the Accounting Firm shall be final and binding on the Parties, absent manifest error. The fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm
shall be borne equally by the Parties.

4

(iv)
If the final EBITDA Adjustment is greater than the Estimated EBITDA Adjustment, Buyer shall pay to Seller an amount in cash equal to
the difference between the final EBITDA Adjustment (not to exceed the original EBITDA) and the Estimated EBITDA Adjustment, by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to an account designated by Seller, within [* * *] after the final determination of the EBITDA Adjustment.
If the final EBITDA Adjustment results in a decrease to the adjusted EBITDA, Seller shall pay to Buyer an amount in cash equal to such
decrease, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Buyer, within [* * *] after the final determination
of the EBITDA Adjustment.

(c)
Cash Consideration. Any adjustments to the Purchase Price made pursuant to this Section 1.05 shall be made to the Cash Consideration
(as defined herein).

(d)
Adjustments for Tax Purposes. Any payments made pursuant to Section 1.05 shall be treated as an adjustment to the Purchase
Price by the Parties for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by Law.

Section
1.06 Payment of Purchase Price.

(a)
Cash. At the Closing, Buyer
shall pay to Seller an amount in cash equal to Six Million Dollars ($6,000,000) (the Cash Consideration), less (i)
the Estimated Working Capital Adjustment, and (ii) the Estimated EBITDA Adjustment, which will be set out in a written flow of funds
statement executed by the Parties prior to the Closing, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account set
forth on Section 1.06 of the Disclosure Schedules; provided however, the Cash Consideration
shall subject to further adjustment, in Buyers sole discretion, for the purposes set forth in Section 1.06(b).

(b)
Equity.

(i)
At the Closing, Buyer shall
issue to Seller unregistered shares of common stock in Buyer (Buyer Shares) having an aggregate value of up to One
Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,500,000) (the Initial Equity Consideration) based on the volume-weighted
average price of Buyers common stock (the VWAP) for the thirty (30) days immediately preceding the Closing
Date. The number of Buyer Shares to be issued to Seller shall be determined by dividing the Initial Equity Consideration by the applicable
VWAP, rounded down to the nearest whole share, subject to further adjustment as set forth in Section 1.06(b)(iii).

(ii)
An additional One Million
Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,500,000) in Buyer Shares (the Contingent Equity Consideration) shall only be issued
to Seller within [* * *] of
Buyer achieving [* * *], as determined in accordance with standard GAAP accounting methods.
The number of Buyer Shares to be issued as Contingent Equity Consideration shall be determined using the VWAP calculated for the thirty
(30) days immediately preceding the date on which the [* * *] threshold is achieved. The
number of Buyer Shares to be issued to Seller shall be determined by dividing the Contingent Equity Consideration by the applicable VWAP,
rounded down to the nearest whole share, subject to further adjustment as set forth in Section 1.06(b)(iii).

(iii)
Buyer shall have the option,
in its sole and absolute discretion, to pay additional Cash Consideration in lieu of Buyer Shares at any time Buyer Shares are to be
issued under this Agreement to ensure that Seller or Seller Principal does not own more than 9.9% of Buyers outstanding common
stock after any such issuance, provided further, that any adjustments made hereunder shall result in the aggregate value of the
Cash Consideration, Initial Equity Consideration, and Contingent Equity Consideration together being equal in value to the Purchase Price.

5

Section
1.07 Allocation of Purchase Price. The Purchase Price and the Assumed Liabilities shall
be allocated among the Purchased Assets for all purposes (including Tax and financial accounting) as shown on the allocation schedule
set forth on Section 1.07 of the Disclosure Schedules (the Allocation Schedule). The Allocation Schedule shall
be prepared in accordance with Section 1060 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Buyer and Seller shall file all returns,
declarations, reports, information returns and statements, and other documents relating to Taxes (including amended returns and claims
for refund) (Tax Returns) in a manner consistent with the Allocation Schedule.

Section
1.08 Withholding Tax. Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the Purchase
Price all Taxes that Buyer may be required to deduct and withhold under any provision of Tax Law. All such withheld amounts shall be
treated as delivered to Seller hereunder.

Section
1.09 Third-Party Consents. To the extent that Sellers rights under any Purchased
Asset may not be assigned to Buyer without the consent of another Person which has not been obtained, this Agreement shall not constitute
an agreement to assign the same if an attempted assignment would constitute a breach thereof or be unlawful, and Seller and Seller Principal,
at their expense, shall use their reasonable best efforts to obtain any such required consent(s) as promptly as possible. If any such
consent shall not be obtained or if any attempted assignment would be ineffective or would impair Buyers rights under the Purchased
Asset in question so that Buyer would not in effect acquire the benefit of all such rights, Seller and Seller Principal, to the maximum
extent permitted by Law and the Purchased Asset, shall act after the Closing as Buyers agent in order to obtain for it the benefits
thereunder and shall cooperate, to the maximum extent permitted by Law and the Purchased Asset, with Buyer in any other reasonable arrangement
designed to provide such benefits to Buyer.

ARTICLE
II

Closing

Section
2.01 Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the purchase and
sale of the Purchased Assets contemplated hereby shall take place at a closing (the Closing) to be held at 12:01
a.m., Mountain time, no later than five (5) Business Days after satisfaction of all the closing conditions, as set forth in Section
2.03 and Section 2.04, remotely by exchange of documents and signatures (or their electronic counterparts), or at such other time
or on such other date or at such other place as Sellers and Buyer may mutually agree upon in writing (the day on which the Closing takes
place being the Closing Date).

Section
2.02 Closing Deliverables.

(a)
At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer the following:

(i)
a bill of sale in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (the Bill of Sale) and duly executed by Seller, transferring
the Tangible Personal Property included in the Purchased Assets to Buyer;

(ii)
an assignment and assumption agreement in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto (the Assignment and Assumption Agreement)
and duly executed by Seller, effecting the assignment to and assumption by Buyer of the Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities;

6

(iii)
the Management and Succession Agreements, in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto (the Management and Succession Agreements),
and duly executed by Seller Principal;

(iv)
the Practice Administration Agreements in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto (the Practice Administration Agreements),
duly executed by Seller Principal;

(v)
a Transition Services Agreement in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto (the Transition Services Agreement),
duly executed by Seller and Seller Principal;

(vi)
an Employment Agreement in form a substance satisfactory to the Buyer (the Employment Agreements) duly executed
by Seller Principal, Dr. Tara Rachakonda, and Cindy Vera (collectively, the Key Employees);

(vii)
with respect to each lease for the Leased Real Property, an Assignment and Assumption of Lease in form and substance satisfactory to
Buyer (each, an Assignment and Assumption of Lease) and duly executed by Seller;

(viii)
tax clearance certificates from the taxing authorities in the jurisdictions that impose Taxes on Seller or where Seller has a duty to
file Tax Returns in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and evidence of the payment in full or other satisfaction
of any Taxes owed by Seller in those jurisdictions;

(ix)
a certificate of the Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Seller certifying as to (A) the resolutions of the board of directors and the
shareholders of Seller, which authorize the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement, the Bill of Sale, the Assignment
and Assumption Agreement, the Management and Succession Agreements, the Practice Administration Agreements, the Transition Services Agreement,
Employment Agreements, and the Assignments and Assumptions of Lease, and the other agreements, instruments, and documents required to
be delivered in connection with this Agreement or at the Closing (collectively, the Transaction Documents) and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and (B) the names and signatures of the officers of Seller authorized
to sign this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents;

(x)
Copies of all consents, authorizations, orders, approvals, filings, registrations and notices required to be disclosed pursuant to Section
3.02; and

(xi)
such other customary instruments of transfer or assumption, filings, or documents, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer,
as may be required to give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(b)
At the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller the following:

(i)
the Cash Consideration, less the Estimated Working Capital Adjustment, and the Estimated EBITDA
Adjustment;

(ii)
the Initial Equity Consideration and all accompanying certificates;

(iii)
the Assignment and Assumption Agreement duly executed by Buyer;

(iv)
the Management and Succession Agreements duly executed by Buyer;

7

(v)
the Practice Administration Agreements duly executed by Buyer;

(vi)
the Transition Services Agreement duly executed by Buyer;

(vii)
the Employment Agreements duly executed by Buyer;

(viii)
a certificate of an officer of Buyer certifying as to (A) the resolutions of the board of directors of Buyer, which authorize the execution,
delivery, and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, and (B) the names and signatures of the officers of Buyer authorized to sign this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

Section
2.03 Buyers Conditions to Closing. The
obligations of Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment of or Buyers
waiver, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

(a)
The representations and warranties of Sellers contained in ARTICLE III shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date
hereof and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made at and as of such date (except those representations and warranties
that address matters only as of a specified date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of that specified date), except
where the failure of such representations and warranties to be true and correct would not in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)
Seller shall have duly performed and complied in all material respects with all agreements, covenants and conditions required by this
Agreement and the Transaction Documents to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the Closing Date.

(c)
There shall have been no material adverse change in the business, results of operations, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise)
or assets of the Seller or Business. The condition of the Seller and Business will be substantially similar, in all material respects,
to that set forth in the Financial Statements.

(d)
Seller shall have disclosed to Buyers reasonable satisfaction all material decisions, including but not limited to, personnel
changes, hiring, financing, purchasing major equipment, initializing major contracts or relationships with customers, payors or vendors.

(e)
The Buyers board of directors shall have executed resolutions, which authorize the execution, delivery, and performance of this
Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

(f)
Buyer has completed its due diligence investigation of the Seller and the Business, the results of which are satisfactory to the Buyer
in its sole discretion.

(g)
Buyer shall have received a quality of earnings report and audited financials of the Business.

(h)
No Action shall have been commenced against Buyer or Seller, which would prevent the Closing. No injunction or restraining order shall
have been issued by any Governmental Authority, and be in effect, which restrains or prohibits any transaction contemplated hereby.

8

(i)
All approvals, consents and waivers that are listed on Section 3.02 of the Disclosure Schedules shall have been received, and executed
counterparts thereof shall have been delivered to Buyer at or prior to the Closing.

(j)
From the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect, nor shall any event or events have occurred
that, individually or in the aggregate, with or without the lapse of time, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(k)
Seller shall have delivered to Buyer duly executed counterparts to the documents and deliveries set forth in Section 2.02(a), and
such other documents or instruments as Buyer reasonably requests and are reasonably necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

(l)
All Encumbrances relating to the Purchased Assets shall have been released in full, and Seller shall have delivered to Buyer written
evidence, in form satisfactory to Buyer in its sole discretion, of the release of such Encumbrances.

(m)
Buyer shall have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a duly authorized officer of Seller, that each of the conditions
set herein have been satisfied (the Seller Closing Certificate).

(n)
Buyer shall have received all Permits that are necessary for it to conduct the Business as conducted by Seller as of the Closing Date.

(o)
No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Governmental Order which is in effect and
has the effect of making the transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal, otherwise restraining or prohibiting consummation of
such transactions or causing any of the transactions contemplated hereunder to be rescinded following completion thereof.

Section
2.04 Sellers Conditions to Closing. The obligations of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall be subject to the fulfillment or Sellers waiver, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

(a)
Buyer shall have delivered to Seller duly executed counterparts to the documents and deliveries set forth in Section 2.02(b).

ARTICLE
III

Representations
and warranties of seller

Seller
and Seller Principal represent and warrant to Buyer that the statements contained in this ARTICLE III are true and correct as of
the date hereof.

Section
3.01 Organization and Authority of Seller. Seller is a professional corporation duly
organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Nevada. Seller has full corporate power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which Seller is a party, to carry out its obligations hereunder and
thereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery by Seller of this Agreement
and any other Transaction Document to which Seller is a party, the performance by Seller of its obligations hereunder and thereunder,
and the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate,
board, and shareholder action on the part of Seller. This Agreement and the Transaction Documents constitute legal, valid, and binding
obligations of Seller enforceable against Seller in accordance with their respective terms.

9

Section
3.02 No Conflicts or Consents. The execution, delivery, and performance by Seller of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, do not and will not: (a) violate or conflict with any provision of the certificate of incorporation, by-laws, or other governing
documents of Seller; (b) violate or conflict with any provision of any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, constitution,
treaty, common law, other requirement, or rule of law of any Governmental Authority (collectively, Law) or any order,
writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, determination, penalty, or award entered by or with any Governmental Authority (Governmental
Order) applicable to Seller, the Business, or the Purchased Assets; (c) require the consent, notice, declaration, or filing
with or other action by any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, Governmental Authority, unincorporated
organization, trust, association, or other entity (Person) or require any permit, license, or Governmental Order;
(d) violate or conflict with, result in the acceleration of, or create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify, or cancel
any Contract to which Seller is a party or by which Seller or the Business is bound or to which any of the Purchased Assets are subject
(including any Assigned Contract); or (e) result in the creation or imposition of any charge, claim, pledge, equitable interest, lien,
security interest, restriction of any kind, or other encumbrance (Encumbrance) on the Purchased Assets.

Section
3.03 Financial Statements. Complete copies of the audited financial statements consisting
of the balance sheet of the Business as of December 31 in each of the years 2024 and 2023 and the related statements of income and retained
earnings, shareholders equity, and cash flow for the years then ended (the Financial Statements) are included
in Section 3.03 of the Disclosure Schedules. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in effect in the United States from time to time, applied on a consistent basis throughout the period involved. The Financial
Statements fairly present the financial condition of the Business as of the respective dates they were prepared and the results of the
operations of the Business for the periods indicated. The balance sheet of the Business as of 2024 is referred to herein as the Balance
Sheet and the date thereof as the Balance Sheet Date.

Section
3.04 Undisclosed Liabilities. Seller has no Liabilities with respect to the Business,
except (a) those which are adequately reflected or reserved against in the Balance Sheet as of the Balance Sheet Date, and (b) those
which have been incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since the Balance Sheet Date and which are
not, individually or in the aggregate, material in amount.

Section
3.05 Absence of Certain Changes, Events, and Conditions. Since the Balance Sheet Date,
the Business has been conducted in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and there has not been any change, event,
condition, or development that is, or could reasonably be expected to be, individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse to: (a)
the business, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise), or assets of the Business; or (b) the value of the Purchased
Assets.

Section
3.06 Assigned Contracts. Each Assigned Contract is valid and binding on Seller in accordance
with its terms and is in full force and effect. Neither Seller nor, to Sellers knowledge, any other party thereto is in breach
of or default under (or is alleged to be in breach of or default under) or has provided or received any notice of any intention to terminate,
any Assigned Contract. No event or circumstance has occurred that would constitute an event of default under any Assigned Contract or
result in a termination thereof. Complete and correct copies of each Assigned Contract (including all modifications, amendments, and
supplements thereto and waivers thereunder) have been made available to Buyer. There are no disputes pending or threatened under any
Assigned Contract.

10

Section
3.07 Title to Purchased Assets. Seller has good and valid title to, or a valid leasehold
interest in, all of the Purchased Assets. All such Purchased Assets (including leasehold interests) are free and clear of Encumbrances.

Section
3.08 Condition and Sufficiency of Assets. Each item of Tangible Personal Property is
structurally sound, is in good operating condition and repair, and is adequate for the uses to which it is being put, and no item of
Tangible Personal Property is in need of maintenance or repairs except for ordinary, routine maintenance and repairs that are not material
in nature or cost. The Purchased Assets are sufficient for the continued conduct of the Business after the Closing in substantially the
same manner as conducted prior to the Closing and constitute all of the rights, property, and assets necessary to conduct the Business
as currently conducted. None of the Excluded Assets are material to the Business.

Section
3.09 Real Property.

(a)
Seller does not own any real property.

(b)
Section 3.09(b) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth each parcel of real property leased by Seller and used in or necessary for
the conduct of the Business as currently conducted (together with all rights, title and interest of Seller in and to leasehold improvements
relating thereto, including, but not limited to, security deposits, reserves or prepaid rents paid in connection therewith, collectively,
the Leased Real Property), and a true and complete list of all leases, subleases, licenses, concessions and other
agreements (whether written or oral), including all amendments, extensions renewals, guaranties and other agreements with respect thereto,
pursuant to which Seller holds any Leased Real Property (collectively, the Leases). Seller has delivered to Buyer
a true and complete copy of each Lease. With respect to each Lease:

(i)
such Lease is valid, binding, enforceable and in full force and effect, and Seller enjoys peaceful and undisturbed possession of the
Leased Real Property;

(ii)
Seller is not in breach or default under such Lease, and no event has occurred or circumstance exists which, with the delivery of notice,
passage of time or both, would constitute such a breach or default, and Seller has paid all rent due and payable under such Lease;

(iii)
Seller has not received nor given any notice of any default or event that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default
by Seller under any of the Leases and, to the knowledge of Seller, no other party is in default thereof, and no party to any Lease has
exercised any termination rights with respect thereto;

(iv)
Seller has not subleased, assigned or otherwise granted to any Person the right to use or occupy such Leased Real Property or any portion
thereof; and

(v)
Seller has not pledged, mortgaged or otherwise granted an Encumbrance on its leasehold interest in any Leased Real Property.

(c)
Seller has not received any written notice of (i) violations of building codes and/or zoning ordinances or other governmental or regulatory
Laws affecting the Leased Real Property, (ii) existing, pending or threatened condemnation proceedings affecting the Leased Real Property,
or (iii) existing, pending or threatened zoning, building code or other moratorium proceedings, or similar matters which could reasonably
be expected to adversely affect the ability to operate the Leased Real Property as currently operated. Neither the whole nor any material
portion of any Leased Real Property has been damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty.

11

(d)
The Leased Real Property is sufficient for the continued conduct of the Business after the Closing in substantially the same manner as
conducted prior to the Closing and constitutes all of the real property necessary to conduct the Business as currently conducted.

Section
3.10 Intellectual Property.

(a)
Section 3.10(a) of the Disclosure Schedules contains a correct, current and complete list of: (i) all Intellectual Property registrations,
specifying as to each, as applicable: the title, mark, or design; the jurisdiction by or in which it has been issued, registered or filed;
the patent, registration or application serial number; the issue, registration or filing date; and the current status; (ii) all unregistered
trademarks included in the Intellectual Property Assets; (iii) all proprietary software included in the Intellectual Property Assets;
and (iv) all other Intellectual Property Assets that are used in the conduct of the Business as currently conducted.

(b)
Section 3.10(b) of the Disclosure Schedules contains a correct, current and complete list of all Intellectual Property Agreements:
(i) under which Seller is a licensor or otherwise grants to any Person any right or interest relating to any Intellectual Property Asset;
(ii) under which Seller is a licensee or otherwise granted any right or interest relating to the Intellectual Property of any Person;
and (iii) which otherwise relate to the Sellers ownership or use of any Intellectual Property in the conduct of the Business as
currently conducted. Seller has provided Buyer with true and complete copies (or in the case of any oral agreements, a complete and correct
written description) of all such Intellectual Property Agreements, including all modifications, amendments and supplements thereto and
waivers thereunder. Each Intellectual Property Agreement is valid and binding on Seller in accordance with its terms and is in full force
and effect. Neither Seller nor any other party thereto is, or is alleged to be, in breach of or default under, or has provided or received
any notice of breach of, default under, or intention to terminate (including by non-renewal), any Intellectual Property Agreement.

(c)
Seller is the sole and exclusive legal and beneficial owner of all right, title and interest in and to the Intellectual Property Assets,
and has the valid and enforceable right to use all other Intellectual Property used in or necessary for the conduct of the Business as
currently conducted, in each case, free and clear of Encumbrances. The Intellectual Property Assets are all of the Intellectual Property
necessary to operate the Business as presently conducted. Seller has entered into binding, valid and enforceable written Contracts with
each current and former employee and independent contractor whereby such employee or independent contractor (i) acknowledges Sellers
exclusive ownership of all Intellectual Property Assets invented, created or developed by such employee or independent contractor within
the scope of his or her employment or engagement with Seller; (ii) grants to Seller a present, irrevocable assignment of any ownership
interest such employee or independent contractor may have in or to such Intellectual Property, to the extent such Intellectual Property
does not constitute a work made for hire under applicable Law; and (iii) irrevocably waives any right or interest, including
any moral rights, regarding such Intellectual Property, to the extent permitted by applicable Law.

(d)
All of the Intellectual Property Assets are valid and enforceable, and all Intellectual Property registrations are subsisting and in
full force and effect. Seller has taken all necessary steps to maintain and enforce the Intellectual Property Assets and to preserve
the confidentiality of all trade secrets included in the Intellectual Property Assets, including by requiring all Persons having access
thereto to execute binding, written non-disclosure agreements.

12

(e)
Neither the execution, delivery, or performance of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder, will
result in the loss or impairment of or payment of any additional amounts with respect to, or require the consent of any other Person
in respect of, the Buyers right to own or use any Intellectual Property Assets in the conduct of the Business as currently conducted
and as proposed to be conducted. Immediately following the Closing, all Intellectual Property Assets will be owned or available for use
by Buyer on substantially the same terms as they were owned or available for use by Seller immediately prior to the Closing.

(f)
The conduct of the Business as currently and formerly conducted and as proposed to be conducted, including the use of the Intellectual
Property Assets in connection therewith, and the products, processes, and services of the Business have not infringed, misappropriated,
or otherwise violated and will not infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate the Intellectual Property or other rights of any Person.
No Person has infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property Assets. There are no Actions whether settled,
pending or threatened related to the Intellectual Property Assets.

Section
3.11 Data Privacy.

(a)
All the Business IT systems are in good working condition and are sufficient for the operation of the Business as currently conducted
and as proposed to be conducted. In the past three (3) years, there has been no malfunction, failure, continued substandard performance,
denial-of-service, or other cyber incident, including any cyberattack, or other impairment of the Business IT systems. Seller has taken
all commercially reasonable steps to safeguard the confidentiality, availability, security, and integrity of the Business IT systems,
including implementing and maintaining appropriate backup, disaster recovery, and software and hardware support arrangements.

(b)
Seller has complied with all applicable Laws and all internal or publicly posted policies, notices, and statements concerning the collection,
use, processing, storage, transfer, and security of personal information in the conduct of the Business. In the past three (3) years,
Seller has not (i) experienced any actual, alleged, or suspected data breach or other security incident involving personal information
in its possession or control or (ii) been subject to or received any notice of any audit, investigation, complaint, or other Action by
any Governmental Authority or other Person concerning the Sellers collection, use, processing, storage, transfer, or protection
of personal information or actual, alleged, or suspected violation of any applicable Law concerning privacy, data security, or data breach
notification, in each case in connection with the conduct of the Business, and there are no facts or circumstances that could reasonably
be expected to give rise to any such Action.

Section
3.12 Inventory. All Inventory, whether or not reflected in the Balance Sheet, consists
of a quality and quantity usable and salable in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, except for obsolete, damaged,
defective, or slow-moving items that have been written off or written down to fair market value or for which adequate reserves have been
established.

Section
3.13 Accounts Receivable. The Accounts Receivable: (a) have arisen from bona fide transactions
entered into by Seller involving the sale of goods or the rendering of services in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice; and (b) constitute only valid, undisputed claims of Seller not subject to claims of set-off or other defenses or counterclaims
other than normal cash discounts accrued in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.

13

Section
3.14 Material Customers and Suppliers.

(a)
Section 3.14(a) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth with respect to the Business (i) each Third-Party Payor who has paid aggregate
consideration to Seller for goods or services provided or reimbursed Seller for goods and services provided in an amount greater than
or equal to Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) for each of the two (2) most recent fiscal years (collectively, the Material Third-Party
Payors); and (ii) the amount of consideration paid by each Material Third-Party Payor during such periods. Seller has not
received any notice, and has no reason to believe, that any of the Material Third-Party Payors has ceased, or intends to cease after
the Closing, to use the goods or services of the Business or to otherwise terminate or materially reduce its relationship with the Business.

(b)
Section 3.14(b) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth with respect to the Business (i) each supplier to whom Seller has paid aggregate
consideration for goods or services rendered in an amount greater than or equal to Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) for each of the two
(2) most recent fiscal years (collectively, the Material Suppliers); and (ii) the amount of purchases from each
Material Supplier during such periods. Seller has not received any notice, and has no reason to believe, that any of the Material Suppliers
has ceased, or intends to cease, to supply goods or services to the Business or to otherwise terminate or materially reduce its relationship
with the Business.

(c)
Section 3.14(c) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth with respect to the Business (i) a list of the twenty (20) largest Patient
Sources of the Seller, as measured by the number of patients that received services or goods from the Seller in connection with such
Patient Source for each of the two (2) most recent fiscal years (collectively, the Material Patient Sources); and
(ii) the number of patients attributable to such Material Patient Sources during such periods. Seller has not received any notice, and
has no reason to believe, that any of the Material Patient Source has ceased, or intends to cease or to otherwise terminate or materially
reduce its relationship with the Business.

Section
3.15 Insurance. Section 3.15 of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth (a) a true and complete list of all current policies or
binders of fire, liability, product liability, umbrella liability, real and personal property, workers compensation, vehicular,
malpractice, fiduciary liability and other casualty and property insurance maintained by Seller or its Affiliates and relating to the
Business, the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities (collectively, the Insurance Policies); and (b) with respect
to the Business, the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities, a list of all pending claims and the claims history for Seller since
January 1, 2020. There are no claims related to the Business, the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities pending under any Insurance
Policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed or in respect of which there is an outstanding reservation of rights.
Neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates has received any written notice of cancellation of, premium increase with respect to, or alteration
of coverage under, any of the Insurance Policies. All premiums due on the Insurance Policies have either been paid or, if not yet due,
accrued. All the Insurance Policies (a) are in full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with their terms; (b) are provided
by carriers who are financially solvent; and (c) have not been subject to any lapse in coverage. None of Seller or any of its Affiliates
is in default under, or has otherwise failed to comply with, in any material respect, any provision contained in any Insurance Policy.
The Insurance Policies are of the type and in the amounts customarily carried by Persons conducting a business similar to the Business
and are sufficient for material compliance with all applicable Laws and Contracts to which Seller is a party or by which it is bound.
True and complete copies of the Insurance Policies have been made available to Buyer.

14

Section
3.16 Litigation.

(a)
Except as set forth on Section 3.16 of the Disclosure Schedules, there are,
and for the past five (5) years there have been, no claims, actions, causes of action, demands, lawsuits, arbitrations, inquiries, audits,
notices of violation, proceedings, litigation, citations, summons, subpoenas, or investigations of any nature, whether at law or in equity
(collectively, Actions) pending or, to Sellers knowledge, threatened against or by Seller: (i) relating to
or affecting the Business, the Purchased Assets, or the Assumed Liabilities; or (ii) that challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin, or otherwise
delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No event has occurred or circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as
a basis for, any such Action.

(b)
There are, and for the past five (5) years there have been, no outstanding Governmental Orders and no unsatisfied judgments, penalties
or awards against, relating to or affecting the Business.

Section
3.17 Compliance with Laws; Permits.

(a)
Seller has materially complied, and is now materially complying, with all Laws applicable to the conduct of the Business as currently
conducted or the ownership and use of the Purchased Assets.

(b)
All Permits required for Seller to conduct the Business as currently conducted or for the ownership and use of the Purchased Assets have
been obtained by Seller and are valid and in full force and effect. All fees and charges with respect to such Permits as of the date
hereof have been paid in full. Section 3.17(b) of the Disclosure Schedules lists all current Permits issued to Seller which
are related to the conduct of the Business as currently conducted or the ownership and use of the Purchased Assets, including the names
of the Permits and their respective dates of issuance and expiration. Seller has materially complied and is now materially complying
with the terms of all Permits listed on Section 3.17(b) of the Disclosure Schedules. No event has occurred that, with or
without notice or lapse of time or both, would reasonably be expected to result in the revocation, suspension, lapse or limitation of
any Permit set forth in Section 3.17(b) of the Disclosure Schedules.

Section
3.18 Health Care Compliance.

(a)
Seller is operating the Business, and has since January 1, 2020, operated the Business, in material compliance with all applicable Health
Care Laws. Seller has not received written or, to Sellers knowledge, other notice from any Governmental Authority, Third-Party
Payor or other Person alleging any failure to comply with applicable Health Care Laws.

(b)
Seller has disclosed to Buyer all of its National Provider Identifiers and provider numbers. Seller is qualified to participate in each
Federal Health Care Program in which it participates. Neither Seller nor any personnel of the Business (whether employees or independent
contractors) is or ever has been party to an individual or corporate integrity agreement with the Office of Inspector General of the
United States Department of Health and Human Services or otherwise has any continuing reporting obligations pursuant to any deferred
prosecution, settlement or other integrity agreement with any Governmental Authority.

15

(c)
Neither Seller nor any personnel of the Business (whether employees or independent contractors) is or ever has been (i) debarred, excluded
or suspended from participating in any Federal Health Care Program, (ii) subject to a civil monetary penalty assessed under Section 1128A
of the Social Security Act, sanctioned, indicted or convicted of a crime, or pled nolo contendere or to sufficient facts, in connection
with any allegation of violation of any Federal Health Care Program requirement or Health Care Law, (iii) listed on the General Services
Administrative published list of parties excluded from federal procurement programs and non-procurement programs, (iv) designated a Specially
Designated National or Blocked Person by the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury, or (v) engaged in any
activity that is in violation of, or is cause for civil penalties or mandatory or permissive exclusion under, any Health Care Laws or
any other Laws that govern any Federal Health Care Program or the health care industry generally.

(d)
All billing practices of Seller and the Business are, and have been in material compliance with all applicable Laws and payor requirements,
and the Business has not billed for or received any payment or reimbursement in excess of amounts permitted by applicable Laws.

(e)
Seller and the Business have complied with HIPAA in all material respects. The Seller or the Business have not been the subject of (i)
a successful security incident, (ii) any breach of the Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable Health Information
(as defined under HIPAA) or (iii) any other violation of HIPAA.

(f)
Each healthcare practitioner that is, or has been employed by or contracted with Seller or by the Business and who is required by applicable
Health Care Laws to have a license or certification in order to provide services to or on behalf of Seller is, and at all times during
which such healthcare practitioner provided any health care services to or on behalf of Seller, was duly licensed and certified in each
applicable jurisdiction as required by applicable Law. Each healthcare practitioner is and has been or was during the period of time
which such healthcare practitioner provided services to or on behalf of Seller, duly certified to participate in, and has maintained
appropriate participation in Medicare and applicable Medicaid programs. Each healthcare practitioner currently providing services for
Seller is and has been credentialed, privileged, in good standing with the applicable licensing board and on the medical staff at, and,
to Sellers knowledge, in material compliance with applicable conflict of interest policies at, each facility where he or she provides
services on behalf of Seller, and, to Sellers knowledge, no reason or condition exists that would materially impact any such healthcare
practitioners licensing or credentialing and medical staff privileges.

(g)
No physician or referring physician, as those terms are defined in the Federal Physician Self-Referral Law,
who has a financial relationship, as defined in the Federal Physician Self-Referral Law, or whose immediate family member
has a financial relationship, whether a direct or indirect investment or ownership interest or a direct or indirect compensation arrangement,
with the Seller or the Sellers business makes, or has made, referrals, as that term is defined in the Federal Physician
Self-Referral Law, to the Seller, other than referrals which materially comply with, or are exempt from, the requirements of the Federal
Physician Self-Referral Law. The foregoing representation and warranty will similarly be true and correct as it relates to any similar
prohibition under applicable state Laws (i.e., so-called state mini-Stark Laws).

(h)
Section 3.18 of the Disclosure Schedules lists all direct and indirect compensation arrangements, ownership interests and other
financial relationships between any referral source or referral recipient and Seller and the personnel of Sellers Business (whether
employees or independent contractors) and authorized representatives.

16

(i)
All billing by, or on behalf of, Seller and health care practitioners to Third-Party Payors, including Federal Health Care Programs and
insurance companies, has been true and correct in all material respects and is supported by all documentation required by the applicable
Federal Health Care Program for payment of such billing or claim. Seller has not received any notice from any Federal Health Care Program
that indicates that Seller or Buyer could not continue to bill in substantially the same manner and structure as Seller bills on the
date hereof. Seller has not failed to return an overpayment in accordance with applicable Law.

(j)
Seller is and has been in material compliance with all state or federal guidelines regarding the prescription of opioids or other controlled
substances, including but not limited to guidelines from the Nevada Department of Health and Human Services, the Drug Enforcement Agency,
and Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.

Section
3.19 Employee Benefit Matters.

(a)
Section 3.19(a) of the
Disclosure Schedules contains a true and complete list of each pension, benefit, retirement, compensation, employment, consulting, profit-sharing,
deferred compensation, incentive, bonus, performance award, phantom equity, stock or stock-based, change in control, retention, severance,
vacation, paid time off (PTO), medical, vision, dental, disability, welfare, Code Section 125 cafeteria, fringe-benefit and other similar
agreement, plan, policy, program or arrangement (and any amendments thereto), in each case whether or not reduced to writing and whether
funded or unfunded, including each employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not tax-qualified
and whether or not subject to ERISA, which is or has been maintained, sponsored, contributed to, or required to be contributed to by
Seller for the benefit of any current or former employee, officer, director, retiree, independent contractor or consultant of the Business
or any spouse or dependent of such individual, or under which Seller or any of its ERISA Affiliates has or may have any Liability, or
with respect to which Buyer or any of its Affiliates would reasonably be expected to have any Liability, contingent or otherwise (as
listed on Section 3.19(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, each, a Benefit Plan).

(b)
With respect to each Benefit
Plan, Seller has made available to Buyer accurate, current and complete copies of each of the following: (i) where the Benefit Plan has
been reduced to writing, the plan document together with all amendments; (ii) where the Benefit Plan has not been reduced to writing,
a written summary of all material plan terms; (iii) where applicable, copies of any trust agreements or other funding arrangements, custodial
agreements, insurance policies and contracts, administration agreements and similar agreements, and investment management or investment
advisory agreements, now in effect or required in the future as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise;
(iv) copies of any summary plan descriptions, summaries of material modifications, summaries of benefits and coverage, COBRA communications,
employee handbooks and any other written communications (or a description of any oral communications) relating to any Benefit Plan; (v)
in the case of any Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, a copy of the most recent determination,
opinion or advisory letter from the Internal Revenue Service and any legal opinions issued thereafter with respect to such Benefit Plans
continued qualification; (vi) in the case of any Benefit Plan for which a Form 5500 must be filed, a copy of the two most recently filed
Forms 5500, with all corresponding schedules and financial statements attached; (vii) actuarial valuations and reports related to any
Benefit Plans with respect to the most recently completed plan years; (viii) the most recent nondiscrimination tests performed under
the Code; and (ix) copies of material notices, letters or other correspondence from the Internal Revenue Service, U.S. Department of
Labor, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or other Governmental Authority relating to
the Benefit Plan.

17

(c)
Each Benefit Plan has been
established, administered and maintained in accordance with its terms and in material compliance with all applicable Laws (including
ERISA, the Code and any applicable Laws). No Benefit Plan qualifies as a qualified benefit plan within the meaning of Section 401(a)
of the Code or a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA. Nothing has occurred with respect to any Benefit Plan
that has subjected or could reasonably be expected to subject Seller or any of its ERISA Affiliates or, with respect to any period on
or after the Closing Date, Buyer or any of its Affiliates, to a penalty under Section 502 of ERISA or to tax or penalty under Sections
4975 or 4980H of the Code. No pension plan which is subject to minimum funding requirements, including any multiple employer plan, (each
a Single Employer Plan) in which employees of the Business or any ERISA Affiliate participate or have participated
has an accumulated funding deficiency, whether or not waived, or is subject to a lien for unpaid contributions under Section
303(k) of ERISA or Section 430(k) of the Code. No Single Employer Plan covering employees of the Business which is a defined benefit
plan has an adjusted funding target attainment percentage, as defined in Section 436 of the Code, less than 80%. All benefits,
contributions and premiums relating to each Benefit Plan have been timely paid in accordance with the terms of such Benefit Plan and
all applicable Laws and accounting principles, and all benefits accrued under any unfunded Benefit Plan have been paid, accrued or otherwise
adequately reserved to the extent required by, and in accordance with GAAP. 

(d)
Neither Seller nor any of
its ERISA Affiliates has (i) incurred or reasonably expects to incur, either directly or indirectly, any material Liability under Title
I or Title IV of ERISA or related provisions of the Code or applicable local Law relating to employee benefit plans; (ii) failed to timely
pay premiums to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation; (iii) withdrawn from any Benefit Plan; (iv) engaged in any transaction which
would give rise to liability under Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (v) incurred taxes under Section 4971 of the Code with respect
to any Single Employer Plan; or (vi) participated in a multiple employer welfare arrangement (MEWA).

(e)
With respect to each Benefit
Plan (i) no such plan is a multiple employer plan within the meaning of Section 413(c) of the Code or a multiple
employer welfare arrangement (as defined in Section 3(40) of ERISA); (ii) no Action has been initiated by the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation to terminate any such plan or to appoint a trustee for any such plan; (iii) no such plan or the plan of any ERISA
Affiliate maintained or contributed to within the last six (6) years is a Single Employer Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA; and (iv)
no reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect to which the reporting requirement has not been
waived, has occurred with respect to any such plan.

(f)
Other than as required under
Sections 601 to 608 of ERISA or other applicable Law, no Benefit Plan or other arrangement provides post-termination or retiree health
benefits to any individual for any reason.

(g)
There is no pending or, to
Sellers knowledge, threatened Action relating to a Benefit Plan (other than routine claims for benefits), and no Benefit Plan
has within the three (3) years prior to the date hereof been the subject of an examination or audit by a Governmental Authority or the
subject of an application or filing under, or is a participant in, an amnesty, voluntary compliance, self-correction or similar program
sponsored by any Governmental Authority.

18

(h)
There has been no amendment
to, announcement by Seller or any of its Affiliates relating to, or change in employee participation or coverage under, any Benefit Plan
or collective bargaining agreement that would increase the annual expense of maintaining such plan above the level of the expense incurred
for the most recently completed fiscal year (other than on a de minimis basis) with respect to any director, officer, employee, consultant
or independent contractor of the Business, as applicable. Neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates has any commitment or obligation or
has made any representations to any director, officer, employee, consultant or independent contractor of the Business, whether or not
legally binding, to adopt, amend, modify or terminate any Benefit Plan or any collective bargaining agreement.

(i)
Each Benefit Plan that is
subject to Section 409A of the Code has been administered in material compliance with its terms and the operational and documentary requirements
of Section 409A of the Code and all applicable regulatory guidance (including, notices, rulings and proposed and final regulations) thereunder.
Seller does not have any obligation to gross up, indemnify or otherwise reimburse any individual for any excise taxes, interest or penalties
incurred pursuant to Section 409A of the Code.

(j)
Neither the execution of this
Agreement nor any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or subsequent
events): (i) entitle any current or former director, officer, employee, independent contractor or consultant of the Business to severance
pay or any other payment; (ii) accelerate the time of payment, funding or vesting, or increase the amount of compensation (including
stock-based compensation) due to any such individual; (iii) increase the amount payable under or result in any other material obligation
pursuant to any Benefit Plan; (iv) result in excess parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code;
or (v) require a gross-up or other payment to any disqualified individual within the meaning of Section 280G(c)
of the Code.

Section
3.20 Employment Matters.

(a)
Section 3.20(a) of the
Disclosure Schedules contains a list of all persons who are employees, independent contractors or consultants of the Business as of the
date hereof, including any employee who is on a leave of absence of any nature, paid or unpaid, authorized or unauthorized, and sets
forth for each such individual the following: (i) name; (ii) title or position (including whether full-time or part-time); (iii) hire
or retention date; (iv) current annual base compensation rate or contract fee; (v) commission, bonus or other incentive-based compensation;
and (vi) a description of the fringe benefits provided to each such individual as of the date hereof. As of the date hereof, all compensation,
including wages, commissions, bonuses, fees and other compensation, payable to all employees, independent contractors or consultants
of the Business for services performed on or prior to the date hereof have been paid in full and there are no outstanding agreements,
understandings or commitments of Seller with respect to any compensation, commissions, bonuses or fees.

(b)
Seller is not, and has not
been for the past three (3) years, a party to, bound by, or negotiating any collective bargaining agreement or other Contract with a
union, works council or labor organization (collectively, Union), and there is not, and has not been for the past
three (3) years, any Union representing or purporting to represent any employee of Seller, and no Union or group of employees is seeking
or has sought to organize employees for the purpose of collective bargaining. There has never been, nor has there been any threat of,
any strike, slowdown, work stoppage, lockout, concerted refusal to work overtime or other similar labor disruption or dispute affecting
Seller or any employees of the Business. Seller has no duty to bargain with any Union.

19

(c)
Seller is and has been in
material compliance with all applicable Laws pertaining to employment and employment practices to the extent they relate to employees,
consultants and independent contractors of the Business, including all Laws relating to labor relations, equal employment opportunities,
fair employment practices, employment discrimination, harassment, retaliation, reasonable accommodation, disability rights or benefits,
immigration, wages, hours, overtime compensation, child labor, hiring, promotion and termination of employees, working conditions, meal
and break periods, privacy, health and safety, workers compensation, leaves of absence, paid sick leave and unemployment insurance.
All individuals characterized and treated by Seller as consultants or independent contractors of the Business are properly treated as
independent contractors under all applicable Laws. All employees of the Business classified as exempt under the Fair Labor Standards
Act and state and local wage and hour laws are properly classified. Seller is in material compliance with and has materially complied
with all immigration laws, including Form I-9 requirements and any applicable mandatory E-Verify obligations. There are no Actions against
Seller pending, or to the Sellers knowledge, threatened to be brought or filed, by or with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator
in connection with the employment of any current or former applicant, employee, consultant or independent contractor of the Business,
including, without limitation, any charge, investigation or claim relating to unfair labor practices, equal employment opportunities,
fair employment practices, employment discrimination, harassment, retaliation, reasonable accommodation, disability rights or benefits,
immigration, wages, hours, overtime compensation, employee classification, child labor, hiring, promotion and termination of employees,
working conditions, meal and break periods, privacy, health and safety, workers compensation, leaves of absence, paid sick leave,
unemployment insurance or any other employment related matter arising under applicable Laws.

Section
3.21 Taxes.

(a)
All Taxes due and owing by Seller have been, or will be, timely paid. No extensions or waivers of statutes of limitations have been given
or requested with respect to any Taxes of Seller. All Tax Returns with respect to the Business required to be filed by Seller for any
tax periods prior to Closing have been, or will be, timely filed. Such Tax Returns are, or will be, true, complete, and correct in all
respects. The term Taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign, and other income, gross receipts, sales, use,
production, ad valorem, transfer, documentary, franchise, registration, profits, license, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment,
excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property (real or personal), customs, duties, or other taxes, fees, assessments, or charges
of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, additions, or penalties with respect thereto.

(b)
No legal proceeding relating to Taxes is pending or being conducted with respect to Seller. Seller has not received from any Governmental
Authority in writing any (i) notice indicating an intent to open an audit, examination or other administrative or court proceeding involving
Taxes, (ii) request for information related to Tax matters, or (iii) notice of deficiency or proposed adjustment of or any amount of
Tax proposed, asserted, or assessed by any Governmental Authority against the Seller which has not been resolved in full.

(c)
Seller is not a party to any contract that has resulted or would reasonable be expected to result, separately or in the aggregate, in
the payment of (i) any parachute payment within the meaning of section 280G of the Code (or any corresponding provisions
of state, local or foreign Tax law) and (ii) any amount that will not be fully deductible as a result of section 162(a), 162(m) of the
Code (or any corresponding provisions of state, local or foreign Tax law).

(d)
Seller is not a foreign person as that term is used in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-2.

20

(e)
Seller is not, and has not been, a party to, or a promoter of, a reportable transaction within the meaning of Section 6707A(c)(1)
of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011 4(b).

Section
3.22 Related Party Transactions. Except as identified in Section 3.22 of
the Disclosure Schedules, there are no Contracts or other arrangements involving the Business in which Seller, its Affiliates,
or any of its or their respective directors, officers, or employees or any immediate family members thereof is a party, has a financial
interest, or otherwise owns or leases any Purchased Asset.

Section
3.23 Brokers. Except for [* * *], no broker, finder, or investment banker is entitled
to any brokerage, finders, or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any
other Transaction Document based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Seller.

Section
3.24 Full Disclosure. No representation or warranty by Seller in this Agreement and
no statement contained in the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement or any certificate or other document furnished or to be furnished
to Buyer pursuant to this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading.

ARTICLE
IV

Representations
and warranties of buyer

Buyer
represents and warrants to Seller that the statements contained in this ARTICLE IV are true and correct as of the date hereof.

Section
4.01 Organization and Authority of Buyer. Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. Buyer has full corporate power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which Buyer is a party, to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery by Buyer of this Agreement and any other Transaction
Document to which Buyer is a party, the performance by Buyer of its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and the consummation by Buyer
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of Buyer.
This Agreement and the Transaction Documents constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of Buyer enforceable against Buyer in accordance
with their respective terms.

Section
4.02 No Conflicts; Consents. The execution, delivery, and performance by Buyer of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, do not and will not: (a) violate or conflict with any provision of the certificate of incorporation, by-laws, or other organizational
documents of Buyer; (b) violate or conflict with any provision of any Law or Governmental Order applicable to Buyer; or (c) require the
consent, notice, declaration, or filing with or other action by any Person or require any permit, license, or Governmental Order.

Section
4.03 Brokers. No broker, finder, or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage,
finders, or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer.

21

ARTICLE
V

Covenants

Section
5.01 Confidentiality. From and after the Closing, Seller shall, and shall cause its
Affiliates to, hold, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its or their respective directors, officers, employees, consultants,
counsel, accountants, and other agents (Representatives) to hold, in confidence any and all information, whether
written or oral, concerning the Business, except to the extent that Seller can show that such information: (a) is generally available
to and known by the public through no fault of Seller, any of its Affiliates, or their respective Representatives; or (b) is lawfully
acquired by Seller, any of its Affiliates, or their respective Representatives from and after the Closing from sources which are not
prohibited from disclosing such information by a legal, contractual, or fiduciary obligation. If Seller or any of its Affiliates or their
respective Representatives are compelled to disclose any information by Governmental Order or Law, Seller shall promptly notify Buyer
in writing and shall disclose only that portion of such information which is legally required to be disclosed, provided that Seller
shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain as promptly as possible an appropriate protective order or other reasonable assurance that
confidential treatment will be accorded such information.

Section
5.02 Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation.

(a)
Seller acknowledges the competitive nature of the Business and accordingly agrees, in connection with the sale of the Purchased Assets,
including the goodwill of the Business, which Buyer considers to be a valuable asset, and in exchange for good and valuable consideration,
that for a period of three (3) years commencing on the Closing Date (the Restricted Period), Seller and Seller Principal
shall not, and shall not permit any of their Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, (i) engage in or assist others in engaging the business
of sleep apnea testing and diagnostics or any such business directly related thereto (the Restricted Business) in
the State of Nevada (the Territory); (ii) have an interest in any Person that engages directly or indirectly in
the Restricted Business in the Territory in any capacity, including as a partner, shareholder, director, member, manager, employee, principal,
agent, trustee, or consultant; or (iii) cause, induce, or encourage any material actual or prospective client, customer, supplier, or
licensor of the Business (including any existing or former client or customer of Seller and any Person that becomes a client or customer
of the Business after the Closing), or any other Person who has a material business relationship with the Business, to terminate or modify
any such actual or prospective relationship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller may own, directly or indirectly, solely as an investment,
securities of any Person traded on any national securities exchange if Seller is not a controlling Person of, or a member of a group
which controls, such Person and does not, directly or indirectly, own five percent (5%) or more of any class of securities of such Person.

(b)
During the Restricted Period, Seller shall not, and shall not permit any of its Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, hire or solicit
any person who is or was employed in the Business during the Restricted Period, or encourage any such employee to leave such employment
or hire any such employee who has left such employment, except pursuant to a general solicitation which is not directed specifically
to any such employees; provided that nothing in this Section 5.02(b) shall prevent Seller or any of its Affiliates from hiring
any employee whose employment has been terminated by Buyer.

(c)
Seller acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach of this Section 5.02 would give rise to irreparable harm to Buyer, for which
monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy, and hereby agrees that in the event of a breach or a threatened breach by Seller of
any such obligations, Buyer shall, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available to it in respect of such
breach, be entitled to equitable relief, including a temporary restraining order, an injunction, specific performance, and any other
relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction (without any requirement to post bond).

22

(d)
Seller acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Section 5.02 are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate
interests of Buyer and constitute a material inducement to Buyer to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. In the event that any covenant contained in this Section 5.02 should ever be adjudicated to exceed the time,
geographic, product or service, or other limitations permitted by applicable Law in any jurisdiction or any Governmental Order, then
any court is expressly empowered to reform such covenant in such jurisdiction to the maximum time, geographic, product or service, or
other limitations permitted by applicable Law or such Governmental Order. The covenants contained in this Section 5.02 and each
provision hereof are severable and distinct covenants and provisions. The invalidity or unenforceability of any such covenant or provision
as written shall not invalidate or render unenforceable the remaining covenants or provisions hereof, and any such invalidity or unenforceability
in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such covenant or provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section
5.03 Public Announcements. The Parties acknowledge that Buyer is a publicly traded company and, as such, is subject to applicable
securities laws and stock exchange rules regarding public disclosure. Accordingly, Buyer shall have the right to make public announcements,
including press releases and securities filings, related to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby as required to comply
with applicable law, regulation, or stock exchange requirements. Seller shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates, directors, officers,
employees, and representatives not to, make any public announcement or statement regarding this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
herein without the prior written consent of Buyer, except as required by applicable law or regulation, in which case Seller shall provide
Buyer with reasonable prior notice and an opportunity to review and comment on such disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
in this Section shall prevent Buyer from making any disclosures required under applicable securities laws, regulations, or stock exchange
rules, including disclosures in periodic reports, investor presentations, or filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or other
Governmental Authorities.

Section
5.04 Conduct of Business Prior to the Closing.
From the date hereof until the Closing, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or consented to in writing by Buyer (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), Seller shall (x) conduct the Business in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice; and (y) use reasonable best efforts to maintain and preserve intact its current Business organization,
operations and franchise and to preserve the rights, franchises, goodwill and relationships of its employees, customers, lenders, suppliers,
regulators and others having relationships with the Business.

Section
5.05 Access to Information; Diligence.

(a)
From the date hereof until
the Closing, Seller shall allow Buyer to, and Buyer shall conduct customary due diligence, as Buyer deems necessary in its sole discretion.
Pursuant to such diligence Seller shall afford Buyer and its Representatives full and free access to and the right to (i) inspect all
of the Leased Real Property, properties, assets, premises, Books and Records, Contracts and other documents and data related to the Business,
including without limitation; (ii) in-person meetings with Sellers management; (iii) conduct a financial audit of the Sellers
prior three-years of historical financial statements by an independent registered public accounting firm; (iv) conduct a review of Sellers
financial projections; (v) customer and supplier diligence, including without limitation, insurance payor reimbursements, management
background checks; (vi) conduct a review of legal, market, regulatory, tax, employee benefits and payroll tax and insurance coverages
and related reserve diligence, among other work streams; and (vii) instruct the Representatives of Seller to cooperate with Buyer in
its investigation of the Business. 

23

(b)
No investigation by Buyer
or other information received by Buyer shall operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty or agreement given
or made by Seller in this Agreement.

Section
5.06 Exclusivity. 

(a)
Seller shall not, and shall
not authorize or permit any of its Affiliates or any of its or their Representatives to, directly or indirectly, (i) encourage, solicit,
initiate, facilitate, negotiate, accept, discuss or continue inquiries regarding an Acquisition Proposal; (ii) enter into discussions
or negotiations with, or provide any information to, any Person concerning a possible Acquisition Proposal; or (iii) enter into any agreements
or other instruments (whether or not binding) regarding an Acquisition Proposal. Seller shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated,
and shall cause its Affiliates and all of its and their Representatives to immediately cease and cause to be terminated, all existing
discussions or negotiations with any Persons conducted heretofore with respect to, or that could lead to, an Acquisition Proposal. For
purposes hereof, Acquisition Proposal means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person (other than Buyer or
any of its Affiliates) relating to the direct or indirect disposition, whether by merger, purchase of stock, purchase of assets, tender
offer or otherwise, of all or any portion of the Business or the Purchased Assets.

(b)
Seller shall not provide any
non-public information to any third party in connection with an Acquisition Proposal or enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding
requiring it to abandon, terminate or fail to consummate the transactions contemplated herein with Buyer.

(c)
In addition to the other obligations
under this Section 5.06, Seller shall promptly advise Buyer of any Acquisition Proposal, any request for information with respect to
any Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with respect to or which could reasonably be expected to result in an Acquisition Proposal,
the material terms and conditions of such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the Person making the same, and
will provide any written documents related to the same. 

Section
5.07 Receivables. From and after the Closing, if Seller or any of its Affiliates receives
or collects any funds relating to any Accounts Receivable or any other Purchased Asset, Seller or its Affiliate shall remit such funds
to Buyer within ten (10) Business Days after its receipt thereof. From and after the Closing, if Buyer or its Affiliate receives or collects
any funds relating to any Excluded Asset, Buyer or its Affiliate shall remit any such funds to Seller within ten (10) Business Days after
its receipt thereof. From the Closing and for a period of ninety (90) days thereafter, Buyer shall expend commercially reasonable efforts
to, initiate collection efforts on any outstanding Accounts Receivable consistent with Sellers past practice with respect to the
collection of outstanding Accounts Receivable; provided that, for any Accounts Receivable collected by Buyer after the 90-day
period immediately following Closing, Buyer may, in its sole discretion charge Seller an eight percent (8%) collection fee.

Section
5.08 Transfer Taxes. All sales, use, registration, and other such Taxes and fees (including
any penalties and interest) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, if any, shall be borne and
paid by Seller when due. Seller shall, at its own expense, timely file any Tax Return or other document with respect to such Taxes or
fees (and Buyer shall cooperate with respect thereto as necessary).

24

Section
5.09 Bulk Sales Laws. The Parties hereby waive compliance with the provisions of any bulk sales, bulk transfer, or similar Laws of
any jurisdiction that may otherwise be applicable with respect to the sale of any or all of the Purchased Assets to Buyer. Any Liabilities
arising out of the failure of Seller to comply with the requirements and provisions of any bulk sales, bulk transfer, or similar Laws
of any jurisdiction which would not otherwise constitute Assumed Liabilities shall be treated as Excluded Liabilities.

Section
5.10 Further Assurances. Following the Closing, each of the Parties hereto shall, and
shall cause their respective Affiliates to, execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments, conveyances, and assurances and
take such further actions as may be reasonably required to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE
VI

Indemnification

Section
6.01 Survival. Subject to the limitations and other provisions of this Agreement, the
representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and shall remain in full force and effect until the date that
is eighteen (18) months from the Closing Date; provided that, the representations and warranties in (i) Section 3.01, Section
3.02, Section 3.07, Section 3.08, Section 3.10, Section 3.19, Section 3.22, and Section 3.23, shall survive
indefinitely, and (ii) Section 3.21 shall survive for the full period of all applicable statutes of limitations (giving effect to
any waiver, mitigation or extension thereof) plus sixty (60) days. All covenants, agreements of the Parties contained herein, and all
related rights to indemnification shall survive the Closing indefinitely or for the period explicitly specified therein or permitted
by law.

Section
6.02 Indemnification by Seller. Subject to the other terms and conditions of this ARTICLE
VI, from and after Closing, Seller and Seller Principal shall, jointly and severally, indemnify and defend each of Buyer and its Affiliates
and their respective Representatives (collectively, the Buyer Indemnitees), in an amount no greater than the Purchase
Price, against, and shall hold each of them harmless from and against, any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, Actions,
judgments, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys fees (collectively,
Losses), incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, the Buyer Indemnitees based upon, arising out of, or with respect
to:

(a)
any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement, any other Transaction
Document, or any schedule, certificate, or exhibit related thereto, as of the date such representation or warranty was made or as if
such representation or warranty was made on and as of the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties that expressly relate
to a specified date, the inaccuracy in or breach of which will be determined with reference to such specified date);

(b)
any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement, or obligation to be performed by Seller pursuant to this Agreement, any other
Transaction Document, or any schedule, certificate, or exhibit related thereto;

(c)
any Excluded Asset or any Excluded Liability; or

(d)
any Third-Party Claim based upon, resulting from, or arising out of the business, operations, properties, assets, or obligations of Seller
or any of its Affiliates (other than the Purchased Assets or Assumed Liabilities) conducted, existing, or arising on or prior to the
Closing Date. For purposes of this Agreement, Third-Party Claim means notice of the assertion or commencement of
any Action made or brought by any Person who is not a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate of a party to this Agreement or a Representative
of the foregoing.

25

Section
6.03 Indemnification by Buyer. Subject to the other terms and conditions of this ARTICLE
VI, from and after Closing, Buyer shall indemnify each of Seller, Seller Principal, and Sellers Affiliates and their respective
Representatives (collectively, the Seller Indemnitees) against any and all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed
upon, the Seller Indemnitees based upon, arising out of, or with respect to:

(a)
any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement, any other Transaction Document,
or any schedule, certificate, or exhibit related thereto, as of the date such representation or warranty was made or as if such representation
or warranty was made on and as of the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties that expressly relate to a specified date,
the inaccuracy in or breach of which will be determined with reference to such specified date);

(b)
any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement, or obligation to be performed by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement; or

(c)
any Assumed Liability; or

(d)
any Third-Party Claim based upon, resulting from, or arising out fo the business, operations, properties, assets, or obligations of Buyer
or any of its Affiliates conducted, existing, or arising from or after the Closing. For the avoidance of doubt, Third-Party
Claim means notice of the assertion or commencement of any Action made or brought by any Person who is not a party to this
Agreement or an Affiliate of a party to this Agreement or a Representative of the foregoing.

Section
6.04 Indemnification Procedures. Whenever any claim shall arise for indemnification
hereunder, the party entitled to indemnification (the Indemnified Party) shall promptly provide written notice of
such claim to the other party (the Indemnifying Party). In connection with any claim giving rise to indemnity hereunder
resulting from or arising out of any Action by a Person who is not a party to this Agreement, the Indemnifying Party, at its sole cost
and expense and upon written notice to the Indemnified Party, may assume the defense of any such Action with counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any such Action, with its counsel
and at its own cost and expense. If the Indemnifying Party does not assume the defense of any such Action, the Indemnified Party may,
but shall not be obligated to, defend against such Action in such manner as it may deem appropriate, including settling such Action,
after giving notice of it to the Indemnifying Party, on such terms as the Indemnified Party may deem appropriate and no action taken
by the Indemnified Party in accordance with such defense and settlement shall relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations
herein provided with respect to any damages resulting therefrom. The Indemnifying Party shall not settle any Action without the Indemnified
Partys prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

Section
6.05 Cumulative Remedies. The rights and remedies provided in this ARTICLE VI
are cumulative and are in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights and remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise.

26

ARTICLE
VII

Termination

Section
7.01 This Agreement may be terminated before the Closing:

(a)
by the mutual written consent of Seller and Buyer;

(b)
by Buyer, with [* * *] advance
written notice to Seller, if there has been a material breach, inaccuracy in or failure to perform any representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement made by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement that would give rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in Section
2.03 and such material breach, inaccuracy or failure has not been cured by Seller within [* * *] of
Sellers receipt of written notice of such breach from Buyer (if such breach can be cured within that time); or 

(c)
by Buyer, upon written notice to Seller, if Buyer has not been satisfied with its due diligence investigation as contemplated by Section
2.03(f), or if Buyer has not obtained a quality of earnings report or audited financials of the Business as contemplated by Section
2.03(g).

Section
7.02 In the event of the termination of this Agreement in accordance with this Article, this Agreement shall forthwith become void
and there shall be no liability on the part of any party hereto except that the obligations set forth in this ARTICLE VII and ARTICLE
VIII hereof shall survive termination, and that nothing herein shall relieve any party hereto from liability for any willful breach of
any provision hereof.

ARTICLE
VIII

Miscellaneous

Section
8.01 Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses; provided, however, that Buyer
shall be solely responsible for the costs associated with auditing Sellers financial statements, as contemplated by
Section 2.03(g)and further set forth in Section 5.05, including
reimbursement of Sellers reasonable, approved, and documented costs for additional audits and financial reporting in connection
with preparing Sellers financial statements to be audited as contemplated herein with a not to exceed cap on John Garners
fees at $30,000.

Section
8.02 Notices. All notices, claims, demands, and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received
by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by email of a PDF document
(with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next business day if sent after
normal business hours of the recipient, or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent to the respective Parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 8.02):

If
to Seller: 

R.D.
Prabhu-Lata K. Shete MDs, LTD.

d/b/a The Sleep Center of Nevada

5701
W. Charleston Blvd., Suite 105

Las
Vegas, Nevada 89146

Email:
[* * *]

Attention:
Dr. Prabhu Rachakonda, M.D.

with
a copy to:

Holland
& Hart LLP

9555
Hillwood Drive, 2nd Floor

Las
Vegas, NV 89134

Email:
[* * *]

Attention: J. Malcolm DeVoy

If
to Buyer: 

Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc.

7921
Southpark Plaza, Suite 210

Littleton,
CO 80120

Email:
[* * *]

Attention:
R. Kirk Huntsman & Brad Amman

with
a copy to:

Snell
& Wilmer L.L.P.

675
15th Street, Suite 2500

Denver,
CO 80202

Email:
[* * *]

Attention:
Martin C. Walsh, Jr.

27

Section
8.03 Interpretation; Headings. This Agreement shall be construed without regard to
any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to
be drafted. The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

Section
8.04 Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal,
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of
this Agreement.

Section
8.05 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute
the sole and entire agreement of the Parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein and therein, and supersede
all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. In the event
of any inconsistency between the statements in the body of this Agreement and those in the other Transaction Documents, the Exhibits,
and the Disclosure Schedules (other than an exception expressly set forth as such in the Disclosure Schedules), the statements in the
body of this Agreement will control.

Section
8.06 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to
the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any purported
assignment in violation of this Section shall be null and void. No assignment shall relieve the assigning party of any of its obligations
hereunder.

Section
8.07 Amendment and Modification; Waiver. This Agreement may only be amended, modified,
or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each party hereto. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall
be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising,
any right or remedy arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any right or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy.

28

Section
8.08 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a)
All matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the
State of Colorado without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Colorado or any other
jurisdiction). Any legal suit, action, proceeding, or dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents,
or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America or the courts
of the State or Colorado or State of Nevada, in each case located in Denver, Colorado or Clark County, Nevada, and each party irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action, proceeding, or dispute.

(b)
EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS IS LIKELY
TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION, PROCEEDING, CAUSE OF ACTION, OR COUNTERCLAIM
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES ATTACHED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENTS, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT THE OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT
OF A LEGAL ACTION; (II) EACH PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER; (III) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY;
AND (IV) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION.

Section
8.09 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered
by email or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy
of this Agreement.

[Intentionally
Blank;Signature Page to Follow]

29

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Asset Purchase Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their
duly authorized representatives.

Seller:

R.D. Prabhu-Lata K. Shete MDs, LTD.

By: /s/ Prabhu Rachakonda

Name: Dr. Prabhu Rachakonda, M.D.

Title: President

Seller Principal:

/s/ Prabhu Rachakonda

Dr. Prabhu Rachakonda, M.D.

/s/ Lata K. Shete

Lata K. Shete, M.D.

Buyer:

Vivos Therapeutics, Inc.

By: /s/ R. Kirk Huntsman

Name: R. Kirk Huntsman

Title: CEO

30

SCHEDULE
A

DEFINITIONS
CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE

The
following terms have the meanings set forth below or as set forth in the location in this Agreement referenced below:

Term Definition

Accounts
Receivable Section
1.01(a)

Accounting
Firm Section
1.05(a)(iii)

Actions Section
3.16(a)

Actual
Working Capital Section
1.05(a)(i)

Affiliate Means
any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, such Person.

Agreement [*
* *]

Allocation
Schedule Section
1.07

Assigned
Contracts Section
1.01(c)

Assignment
and Assumption Agreement Section
2.02(a)(ii)

Assignment
and Assumption of Lease Section
2.02(a)(vi)

Assumed
Liabilities Section
1.03(a)

Balance
Sheet Section
3.03

Balance
Sheet Date Section
3.03

Benefit
Plan Section
3.19

Bill
of Sale Section
2.02(a)(i)

Books
and Records Section
1.01(k)

Business [*
* *]

Business
Day Means
any day except Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks located in Nevada are authorized or required by Law to
be closed for business.

Buyer [*
* *]

Buyer
Indemnitees Section
6.02

Buyer
Shares Section
1.06(b)

Cash
Consideration Section
1.06(a)

Closing Section
2.01

31

Closing
Date Section
2.01

Closing
Statement Section
1.05(a)(iii)

Code Means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Contingent
Equity Consideration Section
1.06(b)

Contracts Section
1.01(c)

Control
(including the terms controlled by and under common control with) Means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise. 

Disclosure
Schedules Section
1.01(c)

EBITDA Means
Sellers EBITDA for the trailing twelve months from the date of this Agreement, calculated in accordance with GAAP, consistently
applied.

EBITDA
Adjustment Section
1.05(b)(i)

Employment
Agreements Section
2.02(a)(vi)

Encumbrance Section
3.02

ERISA Means
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

ERISA
Affiliate Means
all employers (whether or not incorporated) that would be treated together with the Seller or any of its Affiliates as a single
employer within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.

Estimated
EBITDA Adjustment Section
1.05(b)(ii)

Estimated
Working Capital Adjustment Section
1.05(a)(ii)

Excluded
Assets Section
1.02

Excluded
Liabilities Section
1.03(b)

Federal
Health Care Program Means
any federal health care program as defined in 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(f), including Medicare, state Medicaid programs,
state CHIP programs, TRICARE and similar or successor programs with or for the benefit of any government authority.

Final
EBITDA Statement Section
1.05(b)(iii)

Financial
Statements Section
3.03

Governmental
Authority Section
1.01(k)

Governmental
Order Section
3.02

Health
Care Laws Section
3.18

Indemnified
Party Section
6.04

Indemnifying
Party Section
6.04

Initial
Equity Consideration Section
1.06(b)

32

Insurance
Policies Section
3.15

Intellectual
Property Means
all intellectual property rights, including but not limited to patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, copyrights,
trade secrets, know-how, proprietary data, and all applications, registrations, renewals, and extensions thereof, as well as all
goodwill associated therewith, in any jurisdiction worldwide.

Intellectual
Property Agreements Means
all licenses, sublicenses, consent to use agreements, settlements, coexistence agreements, covenants not to sue, waivers, releases,
permissions and other Contracts, whether written or oral, relating to any Intellectual Property that is used or held for use in the
conduct of the Business as currently conducted to which Seller is a party, beneficiary or otherwise bound.

Intellectual
Property Assets Means
all Intellectual Property that is owned by Seller and used or held for use in the conduct of the Business as currently conducted
together with all (i) royalties, fees, income, payments, and other proceeds now or hereafter due or payable to Seller with respect
to such Intellectual Property; and (ii) claims and causes of action with respect to such Intellectual Property, including all rights
to and claims for damages, restitution, and injunctive and other legal or equitable relief for past, present, or future infringement.

Inventory Section
1.01(b)

Key
Employees Section
2.02(a)(vi)

Law Section
3.02

Leased
Real Property Section
3.09(b)

Leases Section
3.09(b)

Liabilities Means
liabilities, obligations, or commitments of any nature whatsoever, whether asserted or unasserted, known or unknown, absolute or
contingent, accrued or unaccrued, matured or unmatured, or otherwise.

Losses Section
6.02

Management
and Succession Agreements Section
2.02(a)(iii)

Material
Adjustment Section
1.05(b)(i)

Material
Adverse Effect Means
any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change that is materially adverse to the Business or the Purchased Assets, results of operations,
financial condition or assets of the Seller, taken as a whole.

Material
Customers Section
3.14(a)

Material
Patient Sources Section
3.14(c)

Material
Suppliers Section
3.14(b)

Patient
Records Section
1.01(f)

Permits Means
all permits, licenses, franchises, approvals, authorizations, registrations, certificates, variances and similar rights obtained,
or required to be obtained, from Governmental Authorities.

33

Person Section
3.02

Practice
Administration Agreements Section
2.02(a)(iv)

Patient
Source Means
any Person in a position to refer, recommend, direct or arrange for the referral of patients or other health care business.

Purchased
Assets Section
1.01

Purchase
Price Section
1.04

Related
Party Transactions Section
3.22

Representatives Section
5.01

Restricted
Business Section
5.02(a)

Restricted
Period Section
5.02(a)

Seller [*
* *]

Seller
Closing Certificate Section
2.02(a)(ix)

Seller
Indemnitees Section
6.03

Single
Employer Plan Section
3.19

Tangible
Personal Property Section
1.01(d)

Target
Working Capital Section
1.05(a)(i)

Taxes Section
3.21

Tax
Returns Section
1.07

Territory Section
5.02(a)

Third-Party
Claim Section
6.02(d)

Third-Party
Payor Means
all Federal Health Care Programs and all other state or local governmental insurance programs and private, non-governmental insurance
and managed care programs with which Seller contracts to provide goods and services or through which the Seller receives reimbursements
for goods and services provided.

Transaction
Documents Section
2.02(a)(ix)

Transition
Services Agreement Section
2.02(a)(v)

Union Section
3.20

VWAP Section
1.06(b)

Working
Capital Adjustment Section
1.05(a)(i)

34

SCHEDULE
B

Business
Locations

Central

5701
West Charleston Boulevard, Suite #105

Las
Vegas, Nevada 89146

Southwest

5751
South Fort Apache Road, Suite #110

Las
Vegas, Nevada 89148

Henderson
/ Southeast

2920
North Green Valley Parkway

Building
# 3, Suite # 313

Henderson,
Nevada 89014

North
Las Vegas

1905
Civic Center Drive, Suite # 201

North
Las Vegas, Nevada 89030

Pahrump

1360
East Nevada Highway 372, Unit 2

Pahrump,
Nevada 89048

Summerlin

8670
West Cheyenne Avenue, Suite #220

Las
Vegas, Nevada 89129

North
Buffalo

401
North Buffalo Drive, Suite # 200

Las
Vegas, Nevada 89145

35
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Vivos Therapeutics Signs Definitive Agreement
to Acquire Largest Sleep Center Operator in Nevada

By acquiring The Sleep Center of Nevada,
Vivos expands its business model to make its OSA treatments available to thousands of patients in the greater Las Vegas metro area

Acquisition expected to close later this
quarter or in the third quarter

LITTLETON, Colo., April 16, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)
-- Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. (Vivos or the Company) (NASDAQ: VVOS), a leader in proprietary, non-invasive
treatments for obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), today announced a definitive agreement to acquire the operating assets of The Sleep
Center of Nevada (SCN), the largest operator of medical sleep centers in Nevada.

Significant Vivos investor New Seneca Partners,
Inc., a leading North American private equity sponsor, assisted in sourcing, structuring and executing this transaction. The acquisition
is expected to close in the later this quarter or in the third quarter, subject to financing, audit and other customary conditions. The
proposed transaction does not require Vivos shareholder approval.

Vivos acquisition of the profitable and
high patient volume SCN accelerates Vivos new marketing and distribution model following its June 2024 strategic alliance with
Colorado-based sleep center operator Rebis Health. Vivos new model is designed to introduce Vivos FDA-cleared oral appliance
treatments for OSA more directly to the very large and growing population of patients who suffer from OSA. Many of these patients are
looking for lasting solutions for their OSA but are typically forced to choose between unappealing treatment options such as continuous
positive airway pressure (CPAP) or surgery or abandoning treatment altogether. The acquisition aligns with Vivos mission
to make its clinically proven treatments accessible to the millions of individuals who suffer with OSA. By leveraging SCNs infrastructure
and patient base, Vivos expects to enhance case acceptance, diversify services, and strengthen its market position in a fast-growing
region.

Founded in 2008 by Dr. Prabhu Rachakonda, a board-certified
physician in internal medicine, pulmonology, and sleep medicine, SCN is the top sleep center operator in Nevada, serving the sleep testing
and treatment referral needs of OSA patients. SCN sees approximately 3,000 new patients per month for testing, consultation, and treatment
of conditions like OSA, insomnia and restless leg syndrome and has generated annual net revenues in the high seven figure range in recent
years. About 90% of SCN patients test positive for OSA and/or other sleep disorders and yet, 95% of those patients are typically referred
out for CPAP, traditional oral devices or surgical options, highlighting a critical need for alternatives like Vivos oral appliances.
Since 2019, SCNs physicians and nurse practitioners have tested and treated over 200,000 patients, many of whom have either stopped
using CPAP or are looking for OSA treatment alternatives. Under Dr. Rachakondas leadership, SCN has grown to seven locations with
nearly 50 beds currently available for overnight polysomnogram (PSG) testing and consultation.

Vivos has agreed to pay up to $9 million for the
SCN operating assets, including $6 million in cash and $1.5 million in Vivos common stock at closing. An additional $1.5 million in Vivos
common stock may be earned in the future if SCN achieves an agreed to financial milestone. Vivos intends to secure the funding for the
upfront cash payment primarily with a senior debt facility and also potential equity financing.

Kirk Huntsman, Chairman and CEO of Vivos stated,
We believe this transaction will be a game-changer for Vivos, with the prospect of meaningfully adding to our revenues in the
coming months through SCNs diagnostic and other services as well as adding thousands of patients as candidates for Vivos OSA treatment.
SCN has a dominant market share for OSA detection and treatment in the fast-growing Las Vegas region. We anticipate SCN patients will
prefer Vivos treatment options over a lifelong maintenance device such as CPAP. Through our existing strategic alliance with Rebis Health
in Colorado, we are seeing two-thirds of OSA patients selecting Vivos treatment over CPAP or surgical options. We will be working closely
with Dr. Rachakonda and his team to expand the range of diagnostic and therapeutic services to patients, which we expect will materially
impact revenue and gross profits even further. This transaction represents a great example of our initiative to extend Vivos technology
and treatment options to as many OSA patients as possible by creating strategic collaborations with, or outright acquisitions of, key
players in the approximately 2,600 AASM-certified sleep clinics around the country. We look forward to closing this transaction as we
also continue to explore further expansions of our marketing and sales model.

Michael Skaff, Managing Director of New Seneca
Partners, stated As an investor in and strategic advisor to Vivos, we are very excited about this transaction and its potential
to materially expand and further validate the ongoing strategic shift in Vivos business model. Moreover, we believe SCNs
existing revenues will be meaningfully augmented in several important ways, such as the expansion of diagnostic and consultative services
and the sale of Vivos OSA treatment to SCN patients, all of which we expect to significantly reduce Vivos cash burn and move Vivos
towards cash flow positivity. The SCN transaction and similar potential future strategic transactions can provide Vivos with access to
the significant potential patient volume which is critical to executing on the new business model. We look forward to continuing our
full support of this transaction through the financing, closing and post-closing integration phases.

Dr. Rachakonda commented on what this transaction
will mean for SCNs patients, Sleep medicine has been waiting for many years for an alternative treatment for OSA that works
to resolve the condition over a relatively short treatment time with potentially lasting effects. After looking carefully into Vivos
appliance treatments, I believe the vast majority of our patients will choose Vivos over CPAP or other alternatives that they struggle
with. We look forward to closing this transaction as we are eager to bring Vivos effective portfolio of OSA treatments options
to our community. 

Dr. Tara Rachakonda, also a board certified sleep
specialist at SCN and the daughter of Dr. Prabhu Rachakonda, said As a sleep specialist and parent of a child with sleep apnea,
Im particularly excited to expand our pediatric services with Vivos FDA-cleared DNA appliance treatment for children ages
6 to 17. Simply put, this transaction opens significant new growth opportunities for our practice and better care options for our patients.

Additional details will be disclosed in a Current
Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

About Vivos Therapeutics

Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: VVOS) is a medical
technology company focused on developing and commercializing innovative diagnostic and treatment methods for patients suffering from
breathing and sleep issues arising from certain dentofacial abnormalities such as obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and snoring in adults.
Vivos devices have been cleared by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for adult patients diagnosed with all severity
levels of OSA and moderate-to-severe OSA in children ages 6 to 17. Vivos groundbreaking CARE devices are the only FDA 510(k) cleared
technology for treating severe OSA in adults and the first to receive clearance for treating moderate to severe OSA in children. 

Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) affects over 1 billion
people worldwide, yet 90% remain undiagnosed and unaware of their condition. This chronic disorder is not just a sleep issueits
closely linked to many serious chronic health conditions. While the medical community has made strides in treating sleep disorders, breathing
and sleep health remain areas that are still not fully understood. As a result, solutions are often mechanistic and fail to address the
root causes of OSA. 

Vivos Therapeutics, founded in 2016 and based
in Littleton, CO, is changing this. Through innovative technology, education, and partnerships with dentists, functional medicine doctors,
and sleep specialists, Vivos is empowering healthcare providers to more thoroughly address the complex needs of patients.

The Vivos Method offers a proprietary, clinically
effective solution that is nonsurgical, noninvasive, and nonpharmaceutical, providing hope to allow patients to Breathe New
Life. For more information, visit www.vivos.com. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release, including statements of the
Companys management and other parties made herein, contain forward-looking statements (as defined in Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) concerning future events.
Words such as may, would, should, expects, projects, potential,
intends, plans, believes, anticipates, hopes, estimates,
goal. aim and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
In this press release, forward-looking statements include, without limitation, those relating to (i) the timing for closing of the SCN
acquisition (which remains subject to key conditions such as financing), (ii) the actual future impact of the SCN acquisition on Vivos
future revenues and results of operations and (ii) the anticipated benefits and potential expansion of Vivos marketing and distribution
model as described herein. These statements involve significant known and unknown risks and are based upon several assumptions and estimates,
which are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond Vivos control. Readers are
cautioned that actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to: (i) the risk that Vivos may be unable to
finance the cash portion of the acquisition purchase price on favorable terms, if at all, or otherwise, (ii) the risk that Vivos may
be unable to successfully integrate SCNs business into its own or otherwise implement sales, marketing and other strategies that
increase revenues, (iii) the risk that some patients may not achieve the desired results from using Vivos products, (iv) risks
associated with regulatory scrutiny of and adverse publicity in the sleep apnea diagnosis and treatment sector; (v) the risk that Vivos
may be unable to secure additional financing beyond that which is needed to acquire SCN on reasonable terms when needed, if at all, or
maintain its Nasdaq listing, (vi) market and other conditions that could impact Vivos business or ability to obtain financing,
and (vii) other risk factors described in Vivos filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Vivos
filings can be obtained free of charge on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Except to the extent required by law, Vivos expressly
disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein
to reflect any change in Vivos expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which
any statement is based.

Media Inquiries:

Karla Jo Helms

JOTO PR

727-777-4629

jotopr.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>vvos-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vvos-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>vvos-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39796

Entity Registrant Name Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001716166

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-3224056

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7921
Southpark Plaza

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 210

Entity Address, City or Town Littleton

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80120

City Area Code (844)

Local Phone Number 672-4357

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol VVOS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://vivos.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
vvos-20250417.xsd 
vvos-20250417_lab.xml 
vvos-20250417_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-005165-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001716166 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001716166 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-39796 
81-3224056 
7921 Southpark Plaza 
Suite 210 
Littleton 
CO 
80120 
(844) 
672-4357 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
VVOS 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>