<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-079781.txt : 20250414
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-079781.hdr.sgml : 20250414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250414093753
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-079781
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Manulife Private Credit Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001988280
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		EIN:				923968562
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01664
		FILM NUMBER:		25834402

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		197 CLARENDON STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-663-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		197 CLARENDON STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d898467d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000198828000019882802025-04-102025-04-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 10, 2025

MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 814-01664 92-3968552

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

197 Clarendon Street 

Boston, Massachusetts 02116

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (617)663-3000

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On April 10, 2025, Manulife Private Credit Fund SPV, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Manulife Private Credit Fund (the Fund), entered into a Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (the Amendment), as borrower (the Borrower), with the Fund, as the parent and portfolio manager, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association (BNY Mellon), as collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (JPMorgan), as administrative agent, amending that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2024 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 26, 2024), by and among the Borrower, the Fund, BNY Mellon, JPMorgan and the lenders party thereto that provides a secured credit facility initially of up to $150 million with an initial reinvestment period ending March 26, 2027 and an initial final maturity date of March 26, 2029, which was subsequently extended to November 26, 2029 (as amended, the JPM Funding Facility). 

The Amendment provides for an increase to the maximum loan commitments available under the JPM Funding Facility to $175 million, with an option for the Borrower to further increase the maximum loan commitments to $250 million. In addition, the Amendment provides for a decrease in the interest rate on borrowings under the JPM Funding Facility from an applicable margin of 2.30% to 2.20%, in each case over Term Secured Overnight Funds Rate or a Base Rate, and a decrease in the commitment fee on undrawn loan commitments from 0.75% to 0.60%. Further, the Amendment resets the minimum loan utilization schedule and gives the Borrower the option to increase the maximum advance rate. The Fund and the Borrower, as applicable, have made customary representations and warranties in the Amendment. The other terms of the JPM Funding Facility remain materially unchanged. 

Borrowings under the JPM Funding Facility are subject to leverage restrictions contained in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Terms used in the foregoing paragraphs and not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the JPM Funding Facility and the Amendment. The descriptions above are only a summary of the material provisions of the JPM Funding Facility and the Amendment, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to a copy of the JPM Funding Facility, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the report on Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2024, the First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 10 to the report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2024, and the Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10 to this current report on Form 8-K, each of which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description

10* Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated April 10, 2025 among Manulife Private Credit Fund SPV, LLC, as borrower, Manulife Private Credit Fund, as the parent and as portfolio manager, the lenders party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* 

Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Registration S-K. The exhibits table of contents includes a brief description of the subject matter of all of its schedules and exhibits, including the omitted schedules and exhibits. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: April 14, 2025 MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

By: 

Betsy Anne Seel

Name: Betsy Anne Seel

Title: Assistant Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d898467dex10.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10
<TEXT>
EX-10

Exhibit 10 

Execution Version 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (this Amendment), dated as of April 10, 2025, is entered into is
entered into among MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND SPV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Company); MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, a Delaware statutory trust, as the parent (in such capacity, the
Parent) and as portfolio manager (in such capacity, the Portfolio Manager); the Lenders party hereto; THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacities as collateral agent (in
such capacity, the Collateral Agent), as collateral administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator), and as securities intermediary (in such capacity, the Securities
Intermediary); and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent). Reference is hereby made to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of
March 26, 2024 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan and Security Agreement), among parties hereto. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall
have the meanings assigned thereto in the Loan and Security Agreement. 

WHEREAS, the parties hereto are parties to the Loan and Security
Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the terms of the Loan and Security Agreement in accordance with
Section 10.05 thereof as provided for herein. 

ACCORDINGLY, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements
contained herein, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Loan and Security Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

SECTION 1. AMENDMENT TO THE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT. 

As of the Second Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the Loan and Security Agreement (including the schedules thereto) is hereby
amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:
bold and double-underlined text) as set forth on the pages
of the Loan and Security Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto. 

SECTION 2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. This Amendment
shall become effective as of the date first written above upon the satisfaction of the following conditions (the Second Amendment Effective Date): 

(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received executed counterparts of this Amendment from each party hereto. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall have received executed counterparts of that certain Second Amended and Restated Administrative Agency Fee
Letter from each party thereto and all fees payable thereunder on the Second Amendment Effective Date. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of an officer of the Company
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to the effect that, as of the date of this Amendment: (i) all of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI of the Loan and Security Agreement and in any
other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, are true and correct), in each case on and as of the date hereof, except
to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain
materiality qualifiers, are true and correct) as of such earlier date and (ii) no Default, Event of Default or Market Value Event has occurred. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a reasonably satisfactory written opinion of counsel for the Company and the Portfolio
Manager, covering such matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 

(e)
The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from a Responsible Officer attaching and certifying as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment as of the date hereof: (1) copies of resolutions or other action,
incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of officers of the Company and the Portfolio Manager evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each officer thereof or other Person authorized to act in connection with this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents, and (2) copies of documents and certificates relating to the organization (or a certification from a Responsible Officer that, as of the date of such certificate, there have been no changes to such documents and
certificates since the most recent date of delivery thereof to the Administrative Agent), existence and good standing of the Company and the Portfolio Manager, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its
counsel. 

SECTION 3. MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a) The Lenders execution of this Amendment shall constitute the written consent required under Section 10.05 of the Loan and
Security Agreement. 

(b) The parties hereto hereby agree that, except as specifically amended herein, the Loan and Security Agreement is
and shall continue to be in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. Except as specifically provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right,
power or remedy of any party hereto under the Loan and Security Agreement, or constitute a waiver of any provision of any other agreement. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document under the Loan and Security Agreement. 

(c) THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(d) This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts by facsimile or other
written form of communication, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Amendment shall be valid, binding, and
enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature, (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or (iii) any other electronic
signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the
UCC, in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual
signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to
investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 

(e) The Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and
the Securities Intermediary assume no responsibility for the correctness of the recitals contained herein, and the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary shall not be responsible or accountable in any way
whatsoever for or with respect to the validity, execution or sufficiency of this Amendment and makes no representation with respect thereto. In entering into this Amendment, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities
Intermediary and the Bank shall be entitled to the benefit of every provision of the Loan and Security Agreement relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and
the Securities Intermediary, including their right to be compensated, reimbursed and indemnified, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided. The Administrative Agent, by its signature hereto, authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary to execute this Amendment. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the day and year
first above written. 

MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND SPV, LLC,

as Company

By: Manulife Private Credit Fund, its designated manager

By 

/s/ Michael King

Name: Michael King

Title: Assistant Vice President, Senior Loans

MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND,

as
Portfolio Manager and Parent

By 

/s/ Michael King

Name: Michael King

Title: Assistant Vice President, Senior Loans

Signature Page to 

Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL

ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ James Greenfield

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Managing Director

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL

ASSOCIATION, as Lender

By: 

/s/ James Greenfield

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Managing Director

Signature Page to 

Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST

COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as

Collateral Agent

By: 

/s/ Robertson Abraham

Name: Robertson Abraham

Title: Vice President

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST

COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as

Securities Intermediary

By: 

/s/ Robertson Abraham

Name: Robertson Abraham

Title: Vice President

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST

COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as

Collateral Administrator

By: 

/s/ Robertson Abraham

Name: Robertson Abraham

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to 

Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement 

EXHIBIT A 

Amended Credit Agreement 

[Attached.] 

Exhibit A 

Execution Version 

Conformed through FirstSecond Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of
November

26April 10, 20242025

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

dated as of 

March 26,
2024 

among 

MANULIFE PRIVATE
CREDIT FUND SPV, LLC, 

as the Company 

MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, as the Parent 

The Lenders Party Hereto 

The
Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent and Securities Intermediary Party Hereto 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Administrative Agent 

and 

MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, 

as
Portfolio Manager 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS 

SECTION 1.01. Purchases of Portfolio Investments 37 

SECTION 1.02. Procedures for Purchases and Related Advances 37 

SECTION 1.03. Conditions to Purchases 38 

SECTION 1.04. Sales of Portfolio Investments 38 

SECTION 1.05. Certain Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments 40 

SECTION 1.06. Valuation of Permitted Non-USD Currency Portfolio Investments 41 

SECTION 1.07. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 41 

ARTICLE II

THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 2.01. Financing Commitments 41 

SECTION 2.02. [Reserved] 41 

SECTION 2.03. Advances; Use of Proceeds 41 

SECTION 2.04. Conditions to Effective Date 43 

SECTION 2.05. Conditions to Advances 44 

SECTION 2.06. Financing Commitment Increase Option 45 

SECTION 2.07. Duration Extension Option 46 

ARTICLE III 

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 3.01. The Advances 47 

SECTION 3.02. [Reserved] 53 

SECTION 3.03. Taxes 53 

ARTICLE IV

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS 

SECTION 4.01. Interest Proceeds 57 

SECTION 4.02. Principal Proceeds 58 

SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee 58 

SECTION 4.04. MV Cure Account 60 

SECTION 4.05. Priority of Payments 60 

SECTION 4.06. Payments Generally 61 

SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments 62 

ARTICLE V 

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER 

SECTION 5.01. Appointment and Duties of the Portfolio Manager 63 

SECTION 5.02. Portfolio Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc 64 

SECTION 5.03. Indemnification 64 

ARTICLE VI

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 

SECTION 6.01. Representations and Warranties 65 

SECTION 6.02. Covenants of the Company and the Portfolio Manager 68 

SECTION 6.03. Amendments of Portfolio Investments, Etc 75 

ARTICLE VII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

SECTION 7.01. Events of Default 75 

ARTICLE VIII 

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY 

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control 77 

SECTION 8.02. Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery 80 

ARTICLE IX

THE AGENTS 

SECTION 9.01. Appointment of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent 83 

SECTION 9.02. Additional Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator 88 

SECTION 9.04. Notices 92 

SECTION 9.05. Certain ERISA Matters 93 

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 10.01. Non-Petition; Limited Recourse 95 

SECTION 10.02. Notices 95 

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver 96 

SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff 97 

SECTION 10.05. Amendments 98 

SECTION 10.06. Successors; Assignments 98 

SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc 100 

SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation 101 

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT Act 101 

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts 101 

SECTION 10.11. Headings 102 

SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 102 

SECTION 10.13. Confidentiality 102 

- 2 - 

Schedules 

Schedule 1 Transaction Schedule

Schedule 2 Contents of Notice of Acquisition

Schedule 3 Eligibility Criteria

Schedule 4 Concentration Limitations

Schedule 5 Initial Portfolio Investments

Schedule 6 GICSMoodys Industry Classifications

Exhibits 

Exhibit A Form of Request for Advance

Exhibit B Form of Compliance Certificate

- 3 - 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT dated as of March 26, 2024 (this
Agreement) among MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND SPV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Company); MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, a Delaware statutory trust, as the parent (in such capacity,
the Parent) and as portfolio manager (in such capacity, the Portfolio Manager); the Lenders party hereto; The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as collateral agent (in
such capacity, the Collateral Agent); The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as collateral administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator); The Bank of
New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as securities intermediary (in such capacity, the Securities Intermediary); and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the
Lenders hereunder (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

The Portfolio Manager and the Company wish for
the Company to acquire and finance certain corporate loans (the Portfolio Investments), all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

Furthermore, the Company intends to enter into a Sale and Contribution Agreement (as amended, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Sale Agreement), dated on or about the date hereof, between the Company and the Parent (in such capacity, the Seller), pursuant to which the Company shall from time to time acquire
Portfolio Investments from the Seller. 

On and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National
Association (JPMCB), each other lender party hereto from time to time and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns (collectively, the Lenders) have agreed to make advances to the Company
(Advances) hereunder to the extent specified on the transaction schedule attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the Transaction Schedule). 

Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual premises herein contained and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged the parties hereto agree as follows: 

Certain Defined Terms 

Account Control Agreement means the Account Control Agreement dated as of March 26, 2024, among the Company, the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary. 

Additional Distribution Date has the
meaning set forth in Section 4.05. 

Adjusted Applicable Margin means the stated Applicable Margin for
Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule plus 2% per annum. 

Administrative Agency Fee has the meaning set
forth in the Administrative Agency Fee Letter. 

Administrative Agency Fee Letter means the letter agreement, dated as
of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

- 4 - 

Administrative Agent has the meaning set forth in the introductory
section of this Agreement. 

Advances has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental
investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of the Company) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, whether pending, active or, to the Companys or the Portfolio Managers knowledge,
threatened against or affecting the Company or the Portfolio Manager or their respective property that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with, such former Person but, which shall not, with respect to the Company, include the obligors under any Portfolio Investment. For the purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (i) to
vote more than 50% of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of any such Person or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. 

Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

Agent Business Day means any day on which commercial banks settle payments in each of New York City and the city in which
the corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located (which shall initially be Houston, Texas). 

Agreement has
the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto. 

Amendment has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.03. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable
to the Company from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Applicable Law means, for any
Person, all existing and future laws, rules, regulations (including temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes, treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Governmental Authority
applicable to such Person and applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction. 

Applicable Margin means as of any date, the applicable margin for Advances, as set forth on the Transaction Schedule for
such date. 

Approval Termination Event means, at any time during the Reinvestment Period, that (i) the Company has
properly delivered at least ten (10) Notices of Acquisition in compliance with the requirements of Section 1.02 over the course of the prior twelve calendar month period (excluding for purposes of this clause (i) any Notice of
Acquisition delivered with respect to a Portfolio Investment for which (a) an investment committee memo, financial statements and/or other information described in the applicable Notice of Acquisition have not been provided or have been
provided on a redacted basis or (b) other reasonably requested information has not been provided or has been provided on a redacted basis), (ii) each such Notice of Acquisition (a) has satisfied the Eligibility Criteria and approval
process set forth 

- 5 - 

in this Agreement (other than any requirement to obtain the consent of the Administrative Agent) and (b) is with respect to a Portfolio Investment that is similar in nature to the Initial
Portfolio Investments (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) and (iii) the Administrative Agent has rejected more than 40% of such requests over the course of such prior twelve calendar month period. 

AR has the meaning set forth in the definition of Borrowing Base Test. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any
tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of a Calculation Period for any term
rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the
definition of Calculation Period pursuant to clause (v) of Section 3.01(h). 

Bail-In
Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU
of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with
respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment
firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bank has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a). 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as now and hereafter in effect,
or any successor statute. 

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a
voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its
business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any
order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental
Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets
or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day,
(b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 12 of 1% and (c) the Term SOFR Rate for a one month Calculation Period as published two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1%; provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Term SOFR Rate

- 6 - 

for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by
the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology); provided that any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including
the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.01(h) (for the avoidance of doubt,
only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 3.01(h)), then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. In the
event that the Base Rate is below zero at any time during the term of this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be zero until it exceeds zero again. 

Base Rate Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate. 

Benchmark means, initially, Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to
clause (ii) or clause (iii) of Section 3.01(h). 

Benchmark Replacement means, for
any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

(2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body
and (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated or bilateral credit facilities at such time and (b) the related
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less
than 0% per annum, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0% per annum for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Calculation Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any
evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for
dollar-denominated syndicated or bilateral credit facilities at such time. 

- 7 - 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any
Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Advance, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Daily
Simple SOFR, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Calculation Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of Request for Advances or
prepayment or conversion notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, decides in its
reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if
the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in
such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect
to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition
Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof)
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(2) in the case of
clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause
(3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the
avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred
prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the
applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with
respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely;
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

- 8 - 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or
resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof); or 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or
the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public
statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time
that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan
Document in accordance with Section 3.01(h) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with
Section 3.01(h). 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership
as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Borrowing Base Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the following is true: 

Net Advance <AR

Net Asset Value

Where: 

AR = 60%(i) when a Hurdle Election is not in effect, 60% and (ii) when a Hurdle Election is in effect, 62%. 

- 9 - 

Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which
banks are open for business in each of New York City and the city in which the corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located (which initially shall be Houston, Texas); provided that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be,
in relation to Term Benchmark Advances and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Term Benchmark Advances or any other dealings of such Term Benchmark Advances, any such day that is only a U.S.
Government Securities Business Day. 

Calculation Period means, with respect to any Advance, the quarterly period from
and including the date on which such Advance is made hereunder to but excluding the first Calculation Period Start Date following the date of such Advance and each successive quarterly period from and including a Calculation Period Start Date to but
excluding the immediately succeeding Calculation Period Start Date (or, in the case of the last Calculation Period, if the last Calculation Period does not end on the last calendar day of March, June, September or December, the period from and
including the related Calculation Period Start Date to but excluding the Maturity Date). 

Calculation Period Start Date
means the first calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year (or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day), provided that the initial Calculation Period Start Date shall be the Effective Date.

Cash Equivalents means, any of the following: (i) marketable securities (a) issued or directly and
unconditionally guaranteed as to interest and principal by the United States government or (b) issued by any agency of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing
within one year after such date; (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing within one year after such
date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iii) commercial paper maturing no more than three months from the date of creation
thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iv) certificates of deposit, bank deposit products or bankers acceptances maturing
within three months after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia that (a) is at least adequately
capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary Federal banking regulator) and (b) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) of not less than $1,000,000,000; (v) shares of any money market mutual fund that
(a) has substantially all of its assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, (b) has net assets of not less than $5,000,000,000, and (c) has the highest rating
obtainable from either S&P or Moodys; and (vi) such other similar instruments to the extent Permitted Non-USD Currencies are invested therein; provided that Cash Equivalents may include investments for which The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company, National Association or an Affiliate acts as offeror or provides services and receives compensation therefor. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or
taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or
issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning liquidity and capital adequacy issued by any
United States regulatory authority (i) under or in connection with the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or (ii) in connection with the implementation of the recommendations of the Bank for
International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) shall be deemed to have occurred after the date of this Agreement for purposes of this definition, regardless
of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 

- 10 - 

Change of Control means an event or series of events by which
(A) Manulife Financial Corporation or its Affiliates, collectively, shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the equity interests of Manulife Investment Management Private Markets (US) LLC,
(B) the Parent or its Affiliates, collectively, (i) shall cease to possess, directly or indirectly, the right to elect or appoint (through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) the managers of the Company or to direct the
management policies and decisions of the Company or (ii) shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the equity interests of the Company, (C) Manulife Investment Management Private Markets (US)
LLC, or an Affiliate thereof that is controlled by Manulife Financial Corporation, shall cease to be the investment advisor of the Parent or (D) the Portfolio Manager shall cease to be the portfolio manager of the Company. 

Charges has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08. 

CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended. 

Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a). 

Collateral Accounts has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a). 

Collateral Administrator has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Collateral Agent has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Collateral Principal Amount means, on any date of determination, (A) the aggregate principal balance of the Portfolio,
limited to, in the case of any Revolving Loan and any Delayed Funding Term Loan, the funded principal balance thereof, as of such date plus (B) the amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account (including cash and Eligible
Investments) as of such date plus (C) the amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (in each case, including cash and Eligible Investments) representing Principal Proceeds as of such date minus (D) the aggregate principal
balance of all Ineligible Investments as of such date. 

Collection Account means, collectively, the Principal
Collection Account and the Interest Collection Account. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the introductory section
of this Agreement. 

Competitor means any credit fund, debt fund, business development company or other Person in the
business of middle market lending that is sponsored by a credit fund, a debt fund or a business development company; or any Person whose primary business is the management of credit funds, debt funds or business development companies, excluding any
commercial bank, investment bank, broker-dealer or insurance company. 

- 11 - 

Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.02(p)(ii). 

Concentration Limitation Excess means, on any date of determination, without
duplication, all or the portion of the principal amount of any Portfolio Investment (other than any Ineligible Investment) that exceeds any Concentration Limitation as of such date; provided that the Portfolio Manager shall select in its sole
discretion which Portfolio Investment(s) constitute part of the Concentration Limitation Excess; provided further that with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, the Portfolio Manager shall select any term Portfolio
Investment from the same Portfolio Investment Obligor and/or any funded portion of such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan before selecting any unfunded portion of such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan; provided further that if
the Portfolio Manager does not so select any Portfolio Investment(s), the applicable portion of the Portfolio Investment(s) determined by the Administrative Agent shall make up the Concentration Limitation Excess. 

Concentration Limitations has the meaning set forth in Schedule 4. 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or
that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to any Available Tenor, as
applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Credit Risk Party has the meaning set forth in Article VII. 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such
day SOFR Determination Date) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate
Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website.
Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Company. 

Daily Simple SOFR Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Daily Simple SOFR. 

Debt Securities means obligations (other than Loans) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments. 

Default has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be
funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Advances or (ii) pay over to the Company any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in
writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, provided that such
Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (a) upon (x) its funding of Advances or payment of amounts due, as applicable, or (y) the Companys receipt of such notice in form and substance satisfactory to
it and the Administrative Agent, (b) has notified the Company in writing, or has made a public statement to the 

- 12 - 

effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such
Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding an Advance under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it
commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by the Company, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its
obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Advances under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Companys receipt of
such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 

Delayed Funding Term Loan means any Loan that (a) requires the holder thereof to make one or more future advances to
the Portfolio Investment Obligor under the underlying instruments relating thereto, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on or prior to one or more fixed dates and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount
previously repaid by the Portfolio Investment Obligor thereunder; but, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Loan will be a Delayed Funding Term Loan only until all commitments by the holders thereof to make such future advances to the Portfolio
Investment Obligor thereon expire or are terminated or reduced to zero; provided that, upon the making of each installment, such portions shall no longer be deemed to be a Delayed Funding Term Loan for purposes of this Agreement.

Deliver (and its correlative forms) means the taking of the following steps by the Company or the Portfolio Manager:

(1) except as provided in clauses (3) or (4) below, in the case of Portfolio Investments and Eligible
Investments and amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts, by (x) causing the Securities Intermediary to indicate by book entry that a financial asset comprised thereof has been credited to the applicable Collateral Account and
(y) causing the Securities Intermediary to agree, pursuant to this Agreement or an Account Control Agreement, if applicable, that it will comply with entitlement orders originated by the Collateral Agent with respect to each such security
entitlement without further consent by the Company; 

(2) in the case of each general intangible, by notifying the Portfolio
Investment Obligor thereunder of the security interest of the Collateral Agent; 

(3) in the case of Portfolio Investments
consisting of money or instruments (the Possessory Collateral) that do not constitute a financial asset forming the basis of a security entitlement delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to clause (1) above, by causing
(x) the Collateral Agent to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in the State of New York or another State of the United States that has adopted Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code (the State of New York and any such
other State, a UCC State), or (y) a Person other than the Company and a securities intermediary (A)(I) to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in a UCC State, and (II) to then authenticate a record acknowledging
that it holds possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the Collateral Agent or (B)(I) to authenticate a record acknowledging that it will take possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and
(II) to then acquire possession of such Possessory Collateral in a UCC State; 

- 13 - 

(4) in the case of money, by causing such money to be deposited in the
related Collateral Account that is a deposit account, and, in the case of any account which constitutes a deposit account under Article 9 of the UCC, by causing the Bank to continuously identify on its books and records the security
interest of the Collateral Agent in such account and, except as may be expressly provided herein to the contrary, establishing dominion and control over such account in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or the Account Control
Agreement, if applicable; 

(5) in the case of any Portfolio Investments consisting of Uncertificated Securities (other than
any Uncertificated Securities credited to a securities account subject to an Account Control Agreement), by causing the issuer of such Uncertificated Security to either (at the option of the Company) (i) register the Collateral Agent as the
registered owner thereof on the books and records of such issuer or (ii) execute an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such issuer agrees to comply with the Collateral
Agents instructions with respect to such Uncertificated Security without further consent by the Company; 

(6) in the
case of any Portfolio Investments that are held in certificated form, by crediting to a Collateral Account or delivering to the Collateral Agent, as applicable, certificates representing the relevant Collateral with respect to such Portfolio
Investments; 

(7) in the case of any Loan, by delivering or causing a third party to deliver to the Securities Intermediary
a copy of a fully executed assignment agreement evidencing the acquisition by the Company of the Loan or a confirmation or certification from or on behalf of the Company to the effect that it has acquired such Loan and/or has received or will
receive, and will deliver to the Securities Intermediary, appropriate Underlying Definitive Documents constituting, evidencing or representing such Loan with an instruction to identify such Loan in its internal books and records without any position
code. The Securities Intermediary shall identify such Loan in its internal books and records without associating it with a position code. The Securities Intermediary shall maintain in its books and records a list of all of the Loans in accordance
with this Agreement (including identifying in its reports to the Company and the Administrative Agent the Loans which are not direct interests in loans under the collateral notation Participation), and shall make available to the
Company and the Administrative Agent such list upon request. For avoidance of doubt, no Loans will be registered in the name of the Securities Intermediary. The Securities Intermediary shall have no responsibilities or duties whatsoever with respect
to any Underlying Definitive Document, except for such responsibilities as are expressly set forth herein. The Company shall instruct the administrative agent in respect of each Loan to make all payments receivable by the Company in respect of such
Loan to the Collection Account or otherwise provide for the direct payment of such payments to the Collection Account; 

(8)
in all cases, by filing or causing the filing of a financing statement with respect to such Collateral with the Delaware Secretary of State; and 

(9) in all cases by otherwise (i) ensuring that all steps, if any, required under Applicable Law or reasonably requested
by the Administrative Agent to ensure that this Agreement creates a valid, first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens) on such Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent, shall have been taken, and that such Lien shall have been perfected
by filing and, to the extent applicable, possession or control and (ii) to the extent necessary, obtaining a consent from the applicable general partner, managing member, board of directors or any similar governing body of the Portfolio
Investment Obligor authorizing and consenting to the pledge of the Collateral in accordance with the Loan Documents. 

- 14 - 

Notwithstanding clauses (1) and (3) above, the Company or the Portfolio Manager on
its behalf shall ensure that all Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and all proceeds thereof shall be deposited in or credited to the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account; provided that it is understood and
agreed that, notwithstanding the establishment of such Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts in respect of any Permitted Non-USD Currency shall not be available for the receipt of cash and Portfolio Investments
until such time as the Securities Intermediary delivers a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening Notice to the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 

Designated Email Notification Address means SeniorCreditOperations@manulife.com; provided that, so long as no Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and no Market Value Event shall have occurred, the Company may, upon at least three (3) Business Days written notice (or such shorter notice period as the Administrative Agent may agree) to
the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent, designate any other email address as the Designated Email Notification Address. 

Designated Independent Dealer means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC; provided that, so long as no Market Value Event
shall have occurred and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Portfolio Manager may, upon at least three (3) Business Days written notice (or such shorter notice period as the Administrative Agent may agree) to
the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent, designate another Independent Dealer as the Designated Independent Dealer. 

Duration Extension means the extension of the Scheduled Termination Date by one (1) year pursuant to
Section 2.07. 

Duration Extension Request means, on any date following the first anniversary of the
Effective Date, the request of the Company in writing (which may be by email) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for a Duration Extension. 

EBITDA means, with respect to the last four full fiscal quarters with respect to any Portfolio Investment, the meaning of
EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for each such Portfolio Investment, and in any case that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or such comparable definition is not
defined in such underlying instruments, an amount, for the Portfolio Investment Obligor and any parent that is obligated pursuant to the underlying instruments for such Portfolio Investment (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in
accordance with GAAP) equal to earnings from continuing operations for such period plus (a) interest expense, (b) income taxes, (c) depreciation and amortization for such four fiscal quarter period (to the extent deducted in
determining earnings from continuing operations for such period), (d) amortization of intangibles (including, but not limited to, goodwill, financing fees and other capitalized costs), other non-cash charges and organization costs, (e) any
other non-cash charges and organization costs, extraordinary losses in accordance with GAAP or IFRS, one-time, non-recurring non-cash charges and costs and expenses reducing earnings, other extraordinary non-recurring costs and expenses for such
period (to the extent deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period); provided that such amounts added back under this clause (e) shall not exceed 20% of EBITDA for any relevant period and are reasonably
anticipated to result from actions taken or to be taken within 12 months after the consummation of any change resulting in such add backs; provided further that with respect to any Portfolio Investment Obligor for which four full fiscal
quarters of economic data are not available, EBITDA shall be determined for such Portfolio Investment Obligor based on annualizing the economic data from the reporting periods actually available as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

- 15 - 

Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04.

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member
Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition or (c) any financial
institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Eligibility Criteria has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Eligible Currency means U.S. Dollars and any Permitted Non-USD Currency. 

Eligible Investments has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01. 

Eligible Jurisdictions means (a) the United States and any State therein and (b) Canada and any province or
territory therein. 

Equity Securities means shares of capital stock, partnership interests and limited liability
company interests and other equity interests of any kind of any Person, whether readily marketable or not. 

ERISA means
the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or
business (whether or not incorporated) under common control or treated as a single employer with the Company or the Parent, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the
Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412, 430 or 431 of the Code). 

ERISA Event (1) with
respect to a Plan, a reportable event under Section 4043 of ERISA as to which event (after taking into account notice waivers provided for in the regulations) there is a duty to give notice to the PBGC; (2) with respect to a Plan, the
failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (3) a withdrawal by Company or any ERISA Affiliate thereof from a Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA
during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (4) a complete or partial
withdrawal by Company or any ERISA Affiliate thereof from a Multiemployer Plan, notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent, or occurrence of an event described in Section 4041A(a) of ERISA that results in the termination of a
Multiemployer Plan; (5) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Plan, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041(e) of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Plan;
(6) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (7) the written determination that any Plan is

- 16 - 

considered an at-risk plan or that any Multiemployer Plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; or
(8) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA to the PBGC, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon Company or any ERISA Affiliate thereof. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any
successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Article VII.

Excess Interest Proceeds means, at any time of determination, the excess of (1) amounts then on deposit in the
Collateral Accounts representing Interest Proceeds over (2) the projected amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 4.05(a) and (b) on the next Interest Payment Date, the next Additional Distribution Date or the
Maturity Date, as applicable, in each case, as determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and verified by the Administrative Agent. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Secured Party or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Secured Party, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Secured Party being organized under
the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in
the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Financing Commitment or Advance pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which
(i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Financing Commitment or Advance or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.03, amounts with respect to such Taxes
were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Secured Partys failure to comply
with Section 3.03(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Extended Financing Commitment
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the
date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and intergovernmental agreements
entered into thereunder or any similar or related non-U.S. law that correspond to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or
convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code and any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory law, legislation, rules, guidance, notes or practices adopted pursuant to such
intergovernmental agreement or analogous provisions of non-U.S. law. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day,
the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding
Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

- 17 - 

Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System of the United States of America. 

Financing Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of
such Lender to provide Advances to the Company hereunder in an amount up to but not exceeding the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on the Transaction Schedule or in the assignment and assumption pursuant to which such Lender became
a Lender under this Agreement, as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to the provisions of Sections 2.06 and 10.06 of this Agreement. 

Financing Commitment Increase Date means any Business Day on which the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion)
approves in writing (which may be by email) (with a copy to the Collateral Agent, which may also be by email) a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request.
For the avoidance of date, no Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date shall be a Financing Commitment Increase
Date.

Financing Commitment Increase Option Request means,
on any date during the Reinvestment Period, the request of the Company in writing (which may be by email) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) for an increase of the Financing Commitments pursuant to
Section 2.06; provided that the Company (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall determine the proposed effective date of any such increase in the Financing Commitments, which may be as early as ten (10) Business
Days after delivery of a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion). 

First Amendment Effective Date means November 26, 2024. 

First Lien Last Out Loan means, in each case as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, a Senior
Secured Loan that, prior to a default with respect to such Portfolio Investment, is entitled to receive payments pari passu with other Senior Secured Loans of the same Portfolio Investment Obligor, but following a default becomes fully subordinated,
or otherwise junior in right of payment, to certain other Senior Secured Loans of the same Portfolio Investment Obligor and is not entitled to any payments until such other Senior Secured Loans are paid in full. 

Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States, as applied from time
to time by the Company. 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America or any other
nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or
administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Hague Convention has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(e). 

Hurdle
Condition means there are at least forty-five (45) Portfolio Investment Obligors with respect to Portfolio Investments that satisfy the Eligibility Criteria.

- 18 - 

Hurdle
Election means, if the Hurdle Condition is satisfied, the election by the Portfolio Manager on an Interest Payment Date during the Reinvestment Period, but after the Ramp-UpPeriod, with prior written notice (including via email) to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the
Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) not later than 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the applicable Interest Payment Date, which notice, in each case, shall include a certification that the Hurdle Condition is satisfied; provided that
(i) at the time of such election no Market Value Event shall have occurred, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and, after giving pro forma effect to such election, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied, and
(ii) the Hurdle Election shall remain in effect until the earlier of (x) the Portfolio Manager revoking such Hurdle Election in a written notice (including via email) to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the
Collateral Administrator) not later than 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the applicable Interest Payment Date and (y) the Hurdle Condition not being satisfied; provided that the Portfolio Managers election with respect to the Hurdle
Election in effect on the last day of the Reinvestment Period shall govern the period following the Reinvestment Period until all Obligations are satisfied in full.

Increased Financing Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06. 

Indebtedness as applied to any Person, means, without duplication, as determined in accordance with GAAP, (i) all
indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, deferrable securities or other similar instruments; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase
price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) that portion of obligations with respect to capital leases that is properly classified as a liability of such Person on a balance
sheet; (v) all non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar instrument; (vi) all debt of others secured
by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such debt is assumed by such Person; and (vii) all debt, lease obligations or similar obligations to repay money of others guaranteed by such Person or for which such Person acts as surety and
other contingent obligations to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include a commitment
arising in the ordinary course of business to purchase a future Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or a commitment to fund a Portfolio Investment. 

Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made to a
Lender or the Administrative Agent by or on account of any obligation of the Company under this Agreement and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(b). 

Independent Dealer means any of the following (as such list may be revised from time to time by mutual agreement of the
Company and the Administrative Agent): Bank of America/BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Bank, BNP Paribas, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, UBS, Wells Fargo and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, but in no event
including the Company or any Affiliate of the Company. 

Ineligible Investment means any Portfolio Investment
(x) that fails, at any time, to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria; provided that with respect to any Portfolio Investment for which the Administrative Agent has waived one or more of the criteria set forth on Schedule 3, the Eligibility
Criteria in respect of such Portfolio Investment shall be deemed not to include such waived criteria at any time after such waiver and such Portfolio Investment shall not be considered an Ineligible Investment by reason of its failure to
meet such waived criteria; provided further that any Portfolio Investment (other 

- 19 - 

than an Initial Portfolio Investment) which has not been approved by the Administrative Agent or which
becomes an Ineligible Investment pursuant to Section 1.02 on or prior to its Trade Date will be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until such later date (if any) on which such Portfolio Investment is so approved or (y) which
becomes an Ineligible Investment pursuant to Section 6.03 unless re-approved by the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion. 

Information means all information received from the Company relating to the Company, the Parent, the Portfolio Manager, the
Portfolio Investment Obligors or their respective business hereunder or pursuant hereto, other than any such information that is available to a Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company and other than information
pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry. 

Initial Financing Commitment means the Financing Commitment provided by the Lenders to the Company on the Effective Date in
the amount of $150,000,000. 

Initial Funding Date means the date on which the initial Advance is made by the Lenders
hereunder. 

Initial Portfolio Investments means the Portfolio Investments listed in Schedule 5. 

Interest Collection Account means the account(s) established by the Bank or the Securities Intermediary and set forth on
the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of Interest Proceeds, and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Bank or the Securities Intermediary. 

Interest Payment Date means the fifteenth calendar day after the last day of each Calculation Period or, if any such day is
not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day. 

Interest Proceeds means all payments of interest received
in respect of the Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments (in each case other than accrued interest purchased using Principal Proceeds, but including proceeds received from the sale of
interest accrued after the date on which the Company acquired the related Portfolio Investment), all other non-principal payments on the Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments (for the avoidance of doubt, such other
payments shall not include principal payments (including, without limitation, prepayments, repayments or sale proceeds) with respect to Eligible Investments acquired with Principal Proceeds) and all payments of fees, dividends and other similar
amounts received in respect of the Portfolio Investments or deposited into any of the Collateral Accounts (including closing fees, commitment fees, underwriting fees, facility fees, late payment fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, prepayment fees and
premiums, ticking fees, delayed compensation, customary syndication or other up-front fees and customary administrative agency or similar fees); provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, Interest Proceeds shall not include
amounts or Eligible Investments in the MV Cure Account or Unfunded Exposure Account or any proceeds therefrom. 

Investment means (a) the purchase of any Debt Security or Equity Security of any other Person, (b) the making of
any Loan or advance to any other Person or (c) becoming obligated with respect to a contingent obligation in respect of obligations of any other Person. 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

- 20 - 

JPMCB has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this
Agreement. 

Lender Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(c). 

Lenders has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Leverage Ratio means, with respect to the last four full fiscal quarters with respect to any Portfolio Investment, the
meaning of Leverage Ratio (for such applicable lien or level within the capital structure) or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for each such Portfolio Investment, and in any case that Leverage Ratio or
such comparable definition is not defined in such underlying instruments, the ratio obtained by dividing (i) the indebtedness of the Portfolio Investment Obligor and any parent that is obligated pursuant to the underlying instruments for such
Portfolio Investment (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP), minus the unrestricted cash of such Portfolio Investment Obligor or such parent as of such date (up to an amount agreed to by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion) by (ii) EBITDA, in each case, as calculated by the Portfolio Manager in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements
and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Portfolio Investment Obligor as per the requirements of the applicable underlying instruments (or, in respect of EBITDA, in accordance with the definition of EBITDA). 

Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03. 

Lien means any security interest, lien, charge, pledge, preference, equity, assignment by way of security or encumbrance of
any kind, including tax liens, mechanics liens and any liens that attach by operation of law. 

Loan means any
obligation for the payment or repayment of borrowed money that is documented by a term and/or revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement. 

Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Account Control Agreements, and such other agreements and
documents, and any amendments or supplements thereto or modifications thereof, executed or delivered pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and any additional documents delivered in connection with any such
amendment, supplement or modification. 

Loan to Value Ratio means, as of any date of calculation, the ratio of
(a) the Net Advances to (b) the Net Asset Value, in each case, as of such date. 

LTV Default means, as of any
date of determination, the Loan to Value Ratio exceeds the AR by 12.5% or more. 

Margin Stock has the
meaning provided such term in Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board. 

Market Value means, on any date of
determination (after giving effect to Section 1.06), (a) with respect to any Traded Loan, the average indicative bid-side price (expressed as a percentage) determined by Markit Group Limited or LoanX (or, if the Administrative Agent
determines in its sole discretion that such bid-side price is not available or is not indicative of the actual current market value, the market value of such Traded Loan as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a commercially
reasonable manner) and (b) with respect to any other Portfolio Investment, 

- 21 - 

the market value of such Portfolio Investment as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, in each case, expressed as a percentage of par or
the face amount thereof, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, each valuation determined by the Administrative Agent shall take into account factors commonly used by market participants in conducting robust valuation processes, including
without limitation (A) industry and comparable company analysis, (B) market yield assumptions, (C) credit fundamentals, cyclical nature, and outlook of the business of the Portfolio Investment Obligor, (D) historical and
prospective debt-financed acquisitions consummated by the Portfolio Investment Obligor, and (E) other corporate actions taken by the Portfolio Investment Obligor. 

So long as no Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Portfolio Manager shall have the
right to initiate a dispute of the Market Value of certain Portfolio Investments as set forth below; provided that the Portfolio Manager provides (i) the executable bid or (ii) the valuations set forth below no later than 2:00 p.m. New
York City time on the Business Day immediately following the related date of determination; provided, further, that with respect to each Portfolio Investment, the Portfolio Manager may not initiate a dispute of the Market Value thereof until the
earlier of (x) the date that is six (6) months following the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment and (y) the date on which the Administrative Agent provides a Market Value with respect to such Portfolio Investment that is lower
than the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment on the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment. 

If the Portfolio Manager disputes the
determination of Market Value with respect to any Portfolio Investment (other than a Traded Loan), the Portfolio Manager may, with respect to up to three such Portfolio Investments in each calendar quarter, engage a Nationally Recognized Valuation
Provider, at the expense of the Company, to provide a valuation of the applicable Portfolio Investments and submit evidence of such valuation to the Administrative Agent, at which time the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment shall be equal to
such valuation; provided that any such valuation shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and shall take into account factors commonly used by market participants in conducting robust valuation
processes, including without limitation (A) industry and comparable company analysis, (B) market yield assumptions, (C) credit fundamentals, cyclical nature, and outlook of the business of the Portfolio Investment Obligor;
(D) historical and prospective debt-financed acquisitions consummated by the Portfolio Investment Obligor and (E) other corporate actions taken by the Portfolio Investment Obligor; provided, further, that if the Company engages a
Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider that provides a range of valuations, then the valuation for purposes of this paragraph shall be equal to the mean of the highest and lowest valuations of such range. 

If the Portfolio Manager disputes the determination of Market Value with respect to any Traded Loan, the Portfolio Manager may, at the expense
of the Company, submit to the Administrative Agent at least two (2) written and executable bids for the full principal or face amount, as applicable, of such Portfolio Investment from Independent Dealers, at which time the Market Value of such
Traded Loan shall be equal to (i) if two or more such bids have been submitted, the average of such bids or (ii) if only one such bid is available (the Portfolio Manager acting in good faith to obtain such bids) and has been submitted, the
average of such single bid and the Market Value determined by the Administrative Agent subject to such dispute, as the case may be. 

The
market value of any Portfolio Investment determined in accordance with this definition will be the Market Value for such Portfolio Investment from the applicable date set forth above until the Administrative Agent has made a good faith and
commercially reasonable determination using consistent standards that the Administrative Agent would apply to similar facilities with similarly situated borrowers in accordance with this definition that the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment
has changed, in which case the Administrative Agent may determine another Market Value (in accordance with this definition of Market Value). 

- 22 - 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (A) the Market Value for any Portfolio
Investment shall not be greater than the par or face amount thereof, (B) the Market Value of any Ineligible Investment shall be deemed to be zero and (C) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as invalid any bid submitted
by the Portfolio Manager from any Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative Agents good faith judgment using consistent standards that the Administrative Agent would apply to similar facilities with similarly situated borrowers:
(i) such Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investment or portion thereof, as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for
such Portfolio Investment, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; (ii) such firm bid or such firm offer is not bona fide due to the insolvency of the Independent Dealer; or (iii) the Administrative Agent does not have the
ability to execute any such bid by selling any portion of such Portfolio Investment held by the Administrative Agent or its Affiliate for its own account to any such Independent Dealer (either directly or indirectly through a broker or other
intermediary reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) at the time (but no earlier than the time) such bid is delivered to the Administrative Agent by the Portfolio Manager (the provisions set forth in the preceding four (4) paragraphs
of this definition, the Market Value Dispute Mechanisms). 

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Portfolio Manager
and the Collateral Administrator in writing of the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment in the Portfolio no later than the 5th day of each calendar month or upon the reasonable request of the Portfolio Manager; provided that the
Company and the Portfolio Manager hereby acknowledge that the Administrative Agent may make available to the Company and the Portfolio Manager the Market Value of each Portfolio Investment by posting such materials or information on the Financing
Connect platform hosted by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or another similar electronic system and such posting shall satisfy the Administrative Agents requirements under this paragraph. Any notification (which may be by email) from the
Administrative Agent to the Portfolio Manager that a Market Value Trigger Event has occurred shall be accompanied by a written statement showing the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment. 

Market Value Cure means, on any date of determination, (i) with the consent of the Administrative Agent, the
contribution by the Parent of additional Portfolio Investments and the Delivery thereof by the Company to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof, (ii) the contribution by the Parent of cash or Cash Equivalents to the Company and the
Delivery thereof by the Company to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof (which amounts shall be deposited in the MV Cure Account), (iii) the sale by the Company of one or more Portfolio Investments in accordance with the
requirements of this Agreement, (iv) the prepayment by the Company of an aggregate principal amount of Advances (together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon) or (v) any combination of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and
(iv), in each case during the Market Value Cure Period, at the option of the Portfolio Manager, and in an amount such that after giving effect to all such actions and the application of proceeds thereof, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied;
provided that, with respect to any such additional Portfolio Investment contributed to the Company in connection with the foregoing, (i) the Trade Date thereof shall occur during the Market Value Cure Period and (ii) such Portfolio
Investment must meet all of the applicable Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent) and the Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied after such contribution. In connection with any Market Value Cure, a
Portfolio Investment shall be deemed to have been contributed to the Company within the Market Value Cure Period if there has been a valid, binding and enforceable contract for the assignment of such Portfolio Investment to the Company and, in the
reasonable judgment of the Portfolio Manager, such assignment will settle within the applicable Settlement Period. The Portfolio Manager shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect any such assignment within such Settlement Period. 

- 23 - 

Market Value Cure Failure means the failure by the Company to effect a
Market Value Cure as set forth in the definition of such term during the Market Value Cure Period. 

Market Value Cure
Period means the period commencing on the Business Day on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice from the Administrative Agent (which, if received after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day, shall be deemed to have been
received on the next succeeding Business Day) of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event and ending at the close of business in New York two (2) Business Days thereafter or such longer period as the Administrative Agent (as directed by
the Required Lenders) may agree. 

Market Value Dispute Mechanisms has the meaning set forth in the definition of
Market Value. 

Market Value Event means (A) the occurrence of both (i) a Market Value Trigger
Event and (ii) a Market Value Cure Failure or (B) if in connection with any Market Value Cure, a Portfolio Investment sold, contributed or deemed to have been contributed to the Company shall fail to settle within the applicable Settlement
Period. 

Market Value Trigger has the meaning set forth on the Transaction Schedule. 

Market Value Trigger Event means an event that shall have occurred if the Administrative Agent has determined and notified
the Company in writing as of any date that the Loan to Value Ratio (expressed as a percentage) is greater than or equal to the Market Value Trigger. 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or condition,
financial or otherwise, of the Company, the Parent, the Seller or the Portfolio Manager, (b) the ability of the Company, the Parent, the Seller or the Portfolio Manager to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents to which it is a party or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Agents or the Lenders under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 

Material Amendment means any amendment, modification or supplement to this Agreement that (i) increases the Financing
Commitment of any Lender, (ii) reduces the principal amount of any Advance or reduces the rate of interest thereon, or reduces any fees payable to a Lender hereunder, (iii) postpones the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of
any Advance, or any interest thereon, or any other amounts payable hereunder, or reduces the amount of, waives or excuses any such payment, or postpones the scheduled date of expiration of any Financing Commitment, (iv) changes any provision in
a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required hereby or (v) changes any of the provisions of this definition or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of
Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder. 

Maturity Date means the date that is the earliest of (1) the Scheduled Termination Date set forth on the Transaction
Schedule, (2) the date on which the Secured Obligations become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Article VII and the acceleration of the Secured Obligations, (3) the date on which the principal amount
of the Advances is irrevocably reduced to zero as a result of one or more prepayments and the Financing Commitments are irrevocably terminated and (4) the date after a Market Value Event on which all Portfolio Investments have been sold and the
proceeds therefrom have been received by the Company. 

- 24 - 

Maximum Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08. 

Mezzanine Obligation means a Portfolio Investment that is not a Senior Secured Loan or a Second Lien Loan. 

Minimum Funding Amount means, on any date of determination, the amount set forth in the table below:; provided that, on
and after any Financing Commitment Increase Date, the Minimum Funding Amount shall be the amount set forth in the last row below plus (in respect of the related increase to the Financing Commitments) an amount to be mutually agreed by the
Administrative Agent and the Company at the time of such Financing Commitment Increase Date; provided, further, that following any Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date, the Minimum Funding Amount shall be the amount (before
giving effect to any Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase) set forth in the applicable row below (unless the Financing Commitment shall have been increased in connection with a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request, in which case the last
row below shall be in effect) plus, (x) during the period commencing on the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day following any Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date and ending on the date that is nine (9) months
following any Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date, 50% of such Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Amount and (y) during the period commencing on the date that is nine (9) months and one (1) day following any Scheduled
Financing Commitment Increase Date and ending on the last day of the Reinvestment Period, 70% of such Scheduled Financing Commitment Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisos shall apply without duplication of the portion of the
Minimum Funding Amount determined by reference to the table below and without limiting the application of the other proviso and the Minimum Funding Amount may be increased pursuant to both provisos (including multiple occurrences of such provisos)
so long as the relevant conditions are satisfied:

Period Start
Date 

Period End
Date 

Minimum Funding
Amount

(as a percentage of aggregate

Financing Commitments)

First Amendment Effective Date The date that is four (4) months after the First Amendment Effective Date 15%

Period Start
Date 

Period End Date 

Minimum Funding Amount

The date that is four (4) months

and one (1) day after the
FirstSecond Amendment Effective Date 

The date that is six (6) months

after the FirstSecond Amendment Effective Date 

3040% (as a percentage of the

Effective Date Financing Commitment)

The date that is six (6) months and one (1) day after the FirstSecond Amendment
Effective Date 

The date that is
twelvenine

(129) months after the
FirstSecond Amendment Effective Date 50% (as a percentage of the Second Amendment Effective Date Financing Commitment)

The date that is
twelvenine

(129) months and one (1) day after the
FirstSecond Last day of the Reinvestment Period 70% (as a percentage of the Second Amendment Effective

Amendment Effective Date Date Financing Commitment)

- 25 - 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan defined as such in
Section 3(37) of ERISA to which contributions have been or are required to be made by Company or an ERISA Affiliate thereof, or to which Company or an ERISA Affiliate thereof has any liability, and that is covered by Title IV of ERISA, now or
within the past six years. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

MV Cure Account means the account established by the Bank or the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction
Schedule and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Bank or the Securities Intermediary. 

Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider means (i) Lincoln International LLC (f/k/a Lincoln Partners LLC),
(ii) Valuation Research Corporation, (iii) Alvarez & Marsal, (iv) Duff & Phelps, (v) Hilco Valuation Services, (vi) Citrin Cooperman Advisors LLC and (vii) Houlihan Lokey; provided that any
independent entity providing professional asset valuation services may be added to this definition by the Company (with the consent of the Administrative Agent) or added to this definition by the Administrative Agent (with the consent of the
Company) from time to time; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may remove any provider from this definition with the consent of the Company (unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing), such consent
not to be unreasonably withheld; provided, that withholding such consent shall not be deemed to be unreasonable if, after giving effect to such removal, (x) there are not at least three providers designated pursuant to this definition
and (y) at least two of the initial providers designated pursuant to this definition as of the Effective Date shall not at all times continue to be so designated. 

Net Advances means the principal amount of the outstanding Advances (inclusive of Advances that have been requested for any
outstanding Purchase Commitments which have traded but not settled) minus the amounts then on deposit in (i) the Collateral Accounts (including cash and Eligible Investments) representing Principal Proceeds (excluding any Principal
Proceeds which are required to settle any outstanding Purchase Commitments) and (ii) the MV Cure Account. 

Net Asset
Value means, on any date of determination (after giving effect to Section 1.06), the sum of (A) the sum of the product, for each Portfolio Investment, of (x) the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment multiplied by
(y) the funded principal amount or face amount, as applicable, of such Portfolio Investment, excluding, for any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, the unfunded commitment amount thereof plus (B) the amounts then on deposit
in the Unfunded Exposure Account (including cash and Eligible Investments); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, (1) the Concentration Limitation Excess, (2) any Portfolio Investment which has traded but not settled within the
applicable Settlement Period and (3) any Ineligible Investments will, in each case, be excluded from the calculation of the Net Asset Value and assigned a value of zero for such purposes. 

Non-Call Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, the date
that is two (2) years after the First Amendment Effective Date. 

Notice of Acquisition has the meaning set forth
in Section 1.02(a). 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

- 26 - 

NYFRBs Website means the website of the NYFRB at
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Secured Party,
Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Secured Party and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Secured Party having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its
obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Advance or Loan Document). 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that
arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that
are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 

Parent has the meaning set forth in the introductory
section of this Agreement. 

Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(d). 

Participation Interest means a participation interest in a Loan. 

PATRIOT Act has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(f). 

Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(a). 

Payment Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b). 

Permitted Distribution means, on any Business Day, distributions of Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds at the
discretion of the Company to the Parent (or other permitted equity holders of the Company); provided that (a) there are Excess Interest Proceeds remaining after giving effect to such distribution, (b) Principal Proceeds may only be
distributed during the Reinvestment Period, (c) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (d) no Market Value Event shall have occurred, (e) no
Market Value Trigger Event shall have occurred or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution, (f) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied (and will be satisfied after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (g) the
Company gives at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, (h) not more than twelve Permitted Distributions are made in any single
Calculation Period and (i) the Company and the Administrative Agent confirm in writing (which, in each case, may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to a Permitted Distribution set forth
herein are satisfied. 

Permitted Lien means any of the following: (a) Liens for Taxes if (i) such Taxes shall
not at the time be due and payable or (ii) a Person is contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of
such Person, (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmens, warehousemens, mechanics, carriers, workmens and repairmens Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of
business for sums that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith, (c) Liens granted pursuant to or by the Loan Documents, (d) judgement Liens not constituting an Event of Default hereunder and (e) bankers Liens,
rights of setoff 

- 27 - 

and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by such Person, in each case granted in the ordinary course of
business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management, operating account arrangements and netting arrangements. 

Permitted Non-USD Currency means Canadian Dollars. 

Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a). 

Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts means the Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account and the Permitted
Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account, collectively. 

Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account
means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule in an applicable jurisdiction for the deposit of Interest Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and any successor accounts
established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary. 

Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal
Collection Account means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule in an applicable jurisdiction to hold Portfolio Investments or for the deposit of Principal Proceeds denominated
in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary. 

Permitted RIC Distribution means distributions to the Parent (from the Collateral Accounts or otherwise) to the extent
required to allow the Parent to make sufficient distributions to qualify as a RIC, and to otherwise eliminate federal or state income or excise taxes payable by the Parent in or with respect to any taxable year of the Parent (or any calendar year,
as relevant); provided that (A) the amount of any such payments made in or with respect to any such taxable year (or calendar year, as relevant) of the Parent shall not exceed 115% of the amounts that the Company would have been required
to distribute to the Parent to: (i) allow the Company to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements that would be imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain its eligibility to be taxed as a RIC for any
such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Companys liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the Code (or any successor
thereto), or (y) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Companys liability for federal excise taxes for any such calendar year imposed pursuant to
Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), calculated assuming that the Company had qualified to be taxed as a RIC under the Code and (B) amounts may be distributed pursuant to this
definition only from Excess Interest Proceeds and so long as (i) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied, (ii) the Company gives at least two (2) Business Days prior notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and
the Collateral Administrator, (iii) if any such Permitted RIC Distributions are made after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the amount of Permitted RIC Distributions made in any 90 calendar day period shall not
exceed $1,500,000 and (iv) the Company and the Administrative Agent (such confirmation by the Administrative Agent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) have confirmed in writing (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the
Collateral Administrator that the conditions to a Permitted RIC Distribution set forth herein are satisfied. 

- 28 - 

Permitted Working Capital Lien has the meaning set forth in the
definition of Senior Secured Loan. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, exempted company,
partnership (including any exempted limited partnership), trust, limited liability company, association, Governmental Authority or unit, or any other entity, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity. 

Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a
Multiemployer Plan, that is (1) established or maintained by Company or an ERISA Affiliate thereof to which Company or an ERISA Affiliate thereof has any liability (contingent or otherwise) now or within the past six years, and that is
(2) subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA. 

Plan Asset Rules means the regulations issued
by the United States Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part 2510 of Chapter XXV, Title 29 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 

Portfolio means all Portfolio Investments Purchased and not otherwise sold or liquidated. 

Portfolio Investments has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Portfolio Investment Obligor means, with respect to any Portfolio Investment, the borrower or issuer thereof. 

Portfolio Manager has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Possessory Collateral has the meaning set forth in the definition of Deliver. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in effect
at its principal office in New York City; each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 

Principal Collection Account means the account(s) established by the Bank or the Securities Intermediary and set forth on
the Transaction Schedule to hold Portfolio Investments and for the deposit of Principal Proceeds, and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Bank or the Securities Intermediary. 

Principal Proceeds means all amounts received with respect to the Portfolio Investments or any other Collateral, and all
amounts otherwise on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (including cash contributed to or deposited by the Company and Advances made in accordance herewith), in each case other than Interest Proceeds or amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure
Account; provided that the Company may permanently designate Excess Interest Proceeds as Principal Proceeds by giving at least two (2) Agent Business Days notice (which may be by email) to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to
the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, provided that any such notice received after 10:00 a.m. New York City time on an Agent Business Day shall be deemed to have been received on the immediately succeeding Agent Business Day) so
long as on the date of such notice and the date of designation as Principal Proceeds each of the following conditions is satisfied (at which time such amount shall cease to be Excess Interest Proceeds): (1) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied,
(2) no Market Value Event has occurred and (3) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

- 29 - 

Priority of Payments has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.05. 

Proceeding has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(b). 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be
amended from time to time. 

Purchase means each acquisition or origination of a Portfolio Investment by the Company by
way of (i) a contribution or sale by the Parent to the Company pursuant to the Sale Agreement or (ii) a direct issuance to the Company by the obligor thereunder or initial extension of credit by the Company to the obligor thereunder. 

Purchase Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a). 

Ramp-Up Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to, but excluding, the date that is one (1) day
after the one (1) year anniversary of the Effective Date. 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the
then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four Business Days
prior to such setting or (3) with respect to other Benchmarks, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Register has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c). 

Reinvestment Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, the
earliest of (i) the date that is the three (3) year anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date, (ii) the date on which a Market Value Event occurs, (iii) the date on which an Event of Default occurs and (iv) the date
on which the investment period of the Parent terminates. 

Related Parties has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.01. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR
Administrator, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, or, in each case any successor thereto. 

Removed Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

Request for Advance has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d). 

Required Lenders means Lenders holding 50.1% or more of the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding Advances plus (ii) the aggregate undrawn amount of the outstanding Financing Commitments. 

Resolution
Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

- 30 - 

Responsible Officer means with respect to the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, any officer of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary customarily performing functions with respect to corporate trust matters and, with respect to a
particular corporate trust matter under this Agreement, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and, in each case, having direct responsibility for the
administration of this Agreement. 

Restricted Payment means (i) any dividend or other distribution (including,
without limitation, a distribution of non-cash assets), direct or indirect, on account of any shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment,
purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, by the Company of any shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding and (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding
warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding. 

Retiring Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

Revolving Loan means any Loan (other than a Delayed Funding Term Loan, but including funded and unfunded portions of
revolving credit lines) that under the underlying instruments relating thereto may require one or more future advances to be made to the obligor by a creditor, but any such Loan will be a Revolving Loan only until all commitments by the holders
thereof to make advances to the obligor thereon expire or are terminated or are irrevocably reduced to zero. 

RIC means
a regulated investment company as defined in Section 851 of the Code. 

Sale Agreement has the meaning
set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or
territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Effective Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea region of Ukraine, and
the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine). 

Sanctioned Person means, at
any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security
Council, the European Union, any EU member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other sanctions authority with jurisdiction over the Company, any of its Affiliates or any other party hereto, (b) any Person located,
organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned 50% or more, or controlled, by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) or (d) any Person otherwise the target or subject of
Sanctions. 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from
time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, any EU member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other sanctions authority with jurisdiction over the Company, any of its Affiliates or any other party hereto. 

Scheduled
Financing Commitment Increase means, subject to the satisfaction of the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Conditions, the increase in the Financing Commitment by all or, with the Administrative Agents written consent (in its sole
discretion), a portion of the ScheduledFinancing
Commitment Increase Amount to occur on such Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date.

- 31 - 

Scheduled
Financing Commitment Increase Amount means $75,000,000.

Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Conditions means, with respect to any Scheduled Financing Commitment
Increase, (i) certification (which may be by email) by the Portfolio Manager that as of the date of such Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase, each of the following conditions is
satisfied:

(1) no Market Value Event has occurred;

(2) no Event
of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing;

(3) the Reinvestment Period has not otherwise ended;

(4) all of
the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers,
shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the date of such Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and
correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date;
and

(ii) the
Administrative Agent confirms (which may be by email) that the conditions set forth in clause (i)(1) through (i)(4) above are satisfied on and as of such Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase
Date.

Scheduled
Financing Commitment Increase Date means (x) October 10, 2025 or (y) any earlier date as agreed by the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) and the Portfolio Manager in writing; provided that if, on a Scheduled
Financing Commitment Increase Date pursuant to clause (y), the Administrative Agent provides its written consent (in its sole discretion), to increase the Financing Commitment by a portion of the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Amount, the
Financing Commitment may be further increased with the remaining portion of the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Amount on subsequent dates with the Administrative Agents written consent (in its sole discretion), and each such date
shall be a Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date; provided, further, that no Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date shall occur unless, as of such date, the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Conditions have been
satisfied.

Scheduled Termination Date has the meaning set
forth in the Transaction Schedule. 

Second
Amendment Effective Date means April 10, 2025.

Second
Lien Loan means a Loan (i) that is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is validly perfected and second priority (subject to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and
customary for similar Loans) under Applicable Law (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a Loan that is second priority solely to a Permitted Working Capital Lien shall constitute a Senior Secured Loan) and (ii) the Portfolio Manager
determines in good faith that the value of the collateral securing the Loan (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of origination or acquisition by the Company equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance thereof plus the
aggregate outstanding balances of all other Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral. 

- 32 - 

Secured Obligations has the meaning set forth in
Section 8.02(a). 

Secured Party has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a). 

Securities Intermediary has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Seller has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Senior Secured Loan means any Loan, that (i) is not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to become)
subordinate in right of payment to any obligation of the Portfolio Investment Obligor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings (other than pursuant to a Permitted Working Capital Lien and
customary waterfall provisions contained in the applicable loan agreement), (ii) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is (a) validly perfected and first priority under Applicable Law (subject to liens permitted
under the applicable credit agreement that are reasonable for similar Loans, and liens accorded priority by law in favor of any Governmental Authority) or (b)(1) validly perfected and second priority in the accounts, documents, instruments, chattel
paper, letter-of-credit rights, supporting obligations, deposit accounts, investments accounts (as such terms are defined in the UCC) and any other assets securing any Working Capital Revolver under Applicable Law and proceeds of any of the
foregoing (a first priority lien on such assets a Permitted Working Capital Lien) and (2) validly perfected and first priority (subject to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and
customary for similar Loans) in all other collateral under Applicable Law, and (iii) the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith that the value of the collateral for such Loan (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of
acquisition equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by a first priority Lien over the same collateral. 

Settlement Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Settlement Period means, with respect to a Portfolio Investment, the period beginning on the Trade Date thereof and ending
fifteen (15) Business Days thereafter (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent agrees in its sole discretion). 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website means the NYFRBs Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor
source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR
Determination Date has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

SOFR Rate
Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

- 33 - 

Solvent means, with respect to any Person, that as of the date of
determination, (a) the sum of such Persons debt (including contingent liabilities) does not exceed the present fair value of such Persons present assets; (b) such Persons capital is not unreasonably small in relation to
its business as contemplated on the date of this Agreement; and (c) such Person has not incurred debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise). For purposes of this definition, the amount of
any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

Spot Rate means, as of any date of determination, (x) with respect to actual currency exchange between U.S. Dollars
and any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable currency-U.S. Dollar rate available through Administrative Agents banking facilities (or through such other source agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing) and (y) with
respect to all other purposes between U.S. Dollars and any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable currency-U.S. Dollar spot rate that appeared on the Bloomberg screen (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as
may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) for such currency at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the immediately preceding Business Day, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (with notice to the Collateral Agent
and the Collateral Administrator). The determination of the Spot Rate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Structured
Finance Obligation means any obligation issued by a special purpose vehicle and secured directly by, referenced to, or representing ownership of, a pool of receivables or other financial assets of any Portfolio Investment Obligor,
including collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities. 

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation,
exempted company, partnership, exempted limited partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of
directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. 

Synthetic Security means a security or swap transaction,
other than a participation interest or a letter of credit, that has payments associated with either payments of interest on and/or principal of a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Benchmark Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate. 

Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 

Term SOFR Rate means, for each Calculation Period, the 3-month Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago
time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator; provided that if the Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the
0%, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to 0% for the purposes of this Agreement. 

- 34 - 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the
Term SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance denominated in U.S. Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Calculation Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as
the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a
Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S.
Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR
Determination Day. 

Trade Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Traded Loan means any Senior Secured Loan or Second Lien Loan governed by LSTA documentation for which at least two
(2) bid-side prices are available as determined by LoanX or Markit Group Limited on, and as of, any Business Day of determination. 

Transaction Schedule has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York. 

UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes
certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

Uncertificated Security has the meaning set forth in the UCC. 

Underlying Definitive Documents means with respect to any Portfolio Investment, each loan agreement, indenture, other
financing agreement, promissory note, collateral security agreement, guarantee and any other agreement or document evidencing, securing, governing or executed in connection with such Portfolio Investment, including without limitation, the agreements
and instruments in respect of which the Company acquired such Portfolio Investment. 

Unfunded Exposure Account means
the account established by the Bank or the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of funds used to cash collateralize the Unfunded Exposure Amount and any successor accounts established in connection with
the resignation or removal of the Bank or the Securities Intermediary. 

- 35 - 

Unfunded Exposure Amount means, on any date of determination, with
respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all unfunded commitments (in the case of unfunded commitments denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, converted to U.S. Dollars at the Spot
Rate on such date of determination) associated with such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, as applicable. 

Unfunded
Exposure Shortfall means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to the greater of (x) zero and (y) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount of all Portfolio Investments minus the amounts on deposit in the Unfunded
Exposure Account. 

Unused Facility Amount means, on any applicable date of determination, (i) the aggregate
Financing Commitments of all Lenders minus (ii) the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances. 

Upfront
Fee has the meaning set forth in the Administrative Agency Fee Letter. 

Upfront/Extension Fee has the meaning
set forth in the Administrative Agency Fee Letter. 

Upsize
Fee has the meaning set forth in the Administrative Agency Fee Letter.

U.S. Dollars or USD means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(f). 

Working Capital Revolver means a revolving lending facility that (i) either (a) is secured on a first lien basis
solely by all or a portion of the current assets of the related obligor, (b) is secured on a first lien basis on all or substantially all of the assets of the related obligor or (c) is secured on a pari passu basis with any Senior Secured
Loan but has priority in right of payment (including as a result of a default waterfall) to any Senior Secured Loan and (ii) has an aggregate commitment amount of less than 100% of EBITDA. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion
powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to
the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability
arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any
obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

- 36 - 

Zero-Coupon Security means any Debt Security that by its terms
(a) does not bear interest for all or part of the remaining period that it is outstanding or (b) pays interest only at its stated maturity. 

ARTICLE I 

THE PORTFOLIO
INVESTMENTS 

SECTION 1.01. Purchases of Portfolio Investments. On or prior to the Effective Date, the Company may acquire/will
have acquired the Initial Portfolio Investments from the Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement, subject to the conditions specified in this Agreement. From time to time during the Reinvestment Period, the Company may Purchase additional Portfolio
Investments, or request that Portfolio Investments be Purchased for the Companys account, all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

SECTION 1.02. Procedures for Purchases and Related Advances. 

(a) Timing of Notices of Acquisition. No later than five (5) Agent Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative
Agent may agree in its sole discretion) before the date on which the Company proposes that a binding commitment to (i) acquire any Portfolio Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) be made by it or for its account or
(ii) originate any Portfolio Investment for its account (a Purchase Commitment), the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) a notice of
acquisition (a Notice of Acquisition); it being understood and agreed, that any delivery of a Notice of Acquisition by the Portfolio Manager to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Company shall be deemed to be a
certification by the Company of the contents thereof. 

(b) Contents of Notices of Acquisition. Each Notice of Acquisition shall
consist of one or more electronic submissions to the Administrative Agent (in such format and transmitted in such a manner as the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Company may reasonably agree (which shall initially be the format
and include the information regarding such Portfolio Investment identified on Schedule 2)), and shall be accompanied by such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (which information shall include in any event whether
such Portfolio Investment, to the Companys or the Portfolio Managers actual knowledge after reasonable inquiry, is subject to any event of default (as such term or similar term is defined in the underlying instruments for such Portfolio
Investment)). 

(c) Eligibility of Portfolio Investments. The Administrative Agent shall have the right, on behalf of all Lenders, to
request additional information regarding any proposed Portfolio Investment. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Portfolio Manager and the Company (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) of its approval or failure to approve each Portfolio
Investment proposed to be acquired pursuant to a Notice of Acquisition (and, if approved, an initial determination of the Market Value for such Portfolio Investment) no later than the fifth
(5th) Agent Business Day succeeding the date on which it receives such Notice of Acquisition and any information reasonably requested in connection therewith; provided that
(i) any Initial Portfolio Investment shall be deemed to be approved by the Administrative Agent, and (ii) the failure of the Administrative Agent to notify the Portfolio Manager and the Company of its approval in accordance with this
Section 1.02(c) shall be deemed to be a disapproval of such proposed acquisition. Each approval granted by the Administrative Agent for the purchase of a proposed Portfolio Investment shall remain effective for a period of thirty
(30) days (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Portfolio Manager or the Company may re-submit any proposed Portfolio Investment to
the Administrative Agent for approval during or following the expiration of any such thirty (30) day period. 

- 37 - 

(d) Ineligibility of Non-Approved Portfolio Investments. The failure of the
Administrative Agent to approve the acquisition of a Portfolio Investment will not prohibit the Company from acquiring such Portfolio Investment (subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1.03); provided that any Portfolio
Investment not so approved prior to its Trade Date shall be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until such later date (if any) on which such Portfolio Investment is so approved. 

SECTION 1.03. Conditions to Purchases. No Purchase Commitment or Purchase shall be entered into or made unless each of the following
conditions is satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent) as of the date on which such Purchase Commitment is entered into or such Purchase would otherwise be made (such Portfolio Investments Trade Date): 

(1) the information contained in the Notice of Acquisition accurately describes, in all material respects, such Portfolio
Investment and such Portfolio Investment satisfies the eligibility criteria set forth in Schedule 3 (the Eligibility Criteria); 

(2) with respect to a Purchase, the proposed Settlement Date for such Portfolio Investment is not later than the end of the
applicable Settlement Period; 

(3) no Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default or event that, with notice or
lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default (a Default), has occurred and is continuing, and the Reinvestment Period has not otherwise ended; and 

(4) after giving pro forma effect to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment and any related Advance, the Borrowing Base Test
is satisfied. 

The Administrative Agent may waive any conditions to a Purchase Commitment or Purchase, as the case may be, specified above
in this Section 1.03 by written notice thereof to the Collateral Administrator, the Company and the Portfolio Manager. If the above conditions to a Purchase Commitment or a Purchase are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent, the
Portfolio Manager shall determine, in consultation with the Administrative Agent and with notice to the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator, the date on which such Purchase (if any) shall settle (the Settlement Date for such
Portfolio Investment). 

Promptly following the Settlement Date for a Portfolio Investment and its receipt thereof (and at other times
thereafter promptly following the written request of the Administrative Agent (including via email)), the Portfolio Manager shall provide to the Administrative Agent a copy of the executed assignment agreement pursuant to which such Portfolio
Investment was assigned, sold or otherwise transferred to the Company. 

SECTION 1.04. Sales of Portfolio Investments. The Company
shall not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Portfolio Investment or any other asset without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent, except that, subject to Section 6.02(w), the Company may sell any Portfolio Investment
(including any Ineligible Investment) or other asset so long as (and any trade ticket or other direction or instruction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall be deemed to constitute a certification that the following
conditions have been satisfied), (x) before and after giving effect thereto, no Market Value Event has occurred, no Market Value Trigger Event has occurred or will occur therefrom and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing and (y) the sale of such asset by the Company shall be on an arms-length basis at fair market value and in accordance with 

- 38 - 

each of the Companys and the Portfolio Managers standard market practices. In addition, subject to clauses (x) and (y) in the immediately preceding sentence, (a) within
two (2) Business Days of any Revolving Loan or Delayed Funding Term Loan with an unfunded commitment becoming an Ineligible Investment, the Company shall enter into a binding commitment to sell such Revolving Loan or Delayed Funding Term Loan
which sale shall settle no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after such commitment and shall pay any amount payable in connection with such sale and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days of
any other Portfolio Investment becoming an Ineligible Investment, the Company shall, subject to clauses (x) and (y) in the immediately preceding sentence, enter into a binding commitment to sell such Portfolio Investment which sale shall
settle no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after such commitment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirements under clause (x) of this paragraph (other than no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) shall not
apply to any sales initiated following the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event to the extent consummated to effect a Market Value Cure. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary (but subject to this Section 1.04): (i) following the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, neither the Company nor the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall have any right to cause the sale, transfer or other disposition of a Portfolio Investment or any other asset (including, without
limitation, the transfer of amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (other than the transfer of funds from the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts to another Collateral Account in accordance with this Agreement)) without the prior written
consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), (ii) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
sell Portfolio Investments (individually or in lots, including a lot comprised of all of the Portfolio Investments) at the sole direction of, and in the manner (including, without limitation, the time of sale, sale price, principal amount to be sold
and purchaser) required by the Administrative Agent (provided that the Administrative Agent shall only require sales at the direction of the Required Lenders and at least equal to the then-current fair market value and in accordance with the
Administrative Agents standard market practices) and the proceeds from such sales shall be used to prepay the Advances outstanding hereunder and (iii) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Portfolio Manager shall have no
right to act on behalf of, or otherwise direct, the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Person in connection with a sale of Portfolio Investments pursuant to any provision of this Agreement except with the prior
written consent of the Administrative Agent. Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event and in connection with the sale of any Portfolio Investment by or at the direction of the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall take such
actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in writing (including via e-mail) to facilitate the consummation of such sale. Any prepayments made pursuant to this paragraph shall automatically reduce the Financing Commitments as
provided in Section 4.07(c). 

In connection with any sale of Portfolio Investments required by the Administrative Agent following
the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent or a designee of the Administrative Agent shall: 

(i) notify the Company
at the Designated Email Notification Address promptly upon distribution of bid solicitations regarding the sale of such Portfolio Investments; and 

(ii) direct the Company to sell such Portfolio Investments to the Designated Independent Dealer if the Designated Independent Dealer provides
the highest bid in the case where bids are received in respect of the sale of such Portfolio Investments, it being understood that if the Designated Independent Dealer provides a bid to the Administrative Agent that is the highest bona fide bid to
purchase a Portfolio Investment on a line-item basis where such Portfolio Investment is part of a 

- 39 - 

pool of Portfolio Investments for which there is a bona fide bid on a pool basis proposed to be accepted by the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion), then the Administrative Agent shall
accept any such line-item bid only if such line-item bid (together with any other line-item bids by the Designated Independent Dealer or any other bidder for other Portfolio Investments in such pool) is greater than the bid on a pool basis. 

For purposes of this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as invalid any bid submitted by the Designated
Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative Agents judgment (acting reasonably): 

(A) either: 

(x) the Designated Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion
thereof, as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for the relevant Portfolio Investments; or 

(y) the Designated Independent Dealer would not, through the exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts, be able to obtain any consent
required under any agreement or instrument governing or otherwise relating to the relevant Portfolio Investments to the assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof, as applicable, to it; or 

(B) such bid is not bona fide, including, without limitation, due to (x) the insolvency of the Designated Independent Dealer or
(y) the inability, failure or refusal of the Designated Independent Dealer to settle the purchase of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof, as applicable, or otherwise settle transactions in the relevant market or perform
its obligations generally. 

In connection with any sale of a Portfolio Investment directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this
Section 1.04 and the application of the net proceeds thereof, the Company hereby appoints the Administrative Agent as the Companys attorney-in-fact (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have
assumed any of the obligations of the Company by this appointment), with full authority in the place and stead of the Company and in the name of the Company to effectuate the provisions of this Section 1.04 (including, without
limitation, the power to execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Section 1.04 or any direction or notice to the Collateral Agent in
respect of the application of net proceeds of any such sales). None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or any Affiliate of any thereof shall incur any liability
to the Company, the Portfolio Manager, any Lender or any other Person in connection with any sale effected at the direction of the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Section 1.04, including, without limitation, as a result of
the price obtained for any Portfolio Investment, the timing of any sale or sales of Portfolio Investments or the notice or lack of notice provided to any Person in connection with any such sale, so long as, in the case of the Administrative Agent
and Collateral Agent only, any such sale does not violate Applicable Law. 

SECTION 1.05. Certain Assumptions relating to Portfolio
Investments. For purposes of all calculations hereunder, any Portfolio Investment for which the Trade Date in respect of a sale thereof by the Company has occurred, but the Settlement Date for such sale has not occurred, shall be considered to
be owned by the Company until such Settlement Date. 

- 40 - 

SECTION 1.06. Valuation of Permitted Non-USD Currency Portfolio Investments. For
purposes of all valuations, calculations and reports hereunder, the principal amount and Market Value of all Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD
Currency on deposit in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account shall be converted to U.S. Dollars at the Spot Rate in accordance with clause (y) of the definition of such term in consultation with the Administrative Agent on the applicable date
of such valuation, calculation or report, as applicable. 

SECTION 1.07. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate
on an Advance may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 3.01(h) provides a
mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter
related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative,
successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its
discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or
alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Company. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to
ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Company, any Lender or any other
person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or
calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

ARTICLE II 

THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 2.01.
Financing Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, only during the Reinvestment Period, each Lender hereby severally agrees to make available to the Company Advances, in U.S. Dollars, in an aggregate amount outstanding
not exceeding the amount of such Lenders Financing Commitment. The Financing Commitments shall terminate on the earliest of (a) the close of business on the last day of the Reinvestment Period, (b) the Maturity Date and (c) the
occurrence of a Market Value Event. 

SECTION 2.02. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 2.03. Advances; Use of Proceeds. 

(a) Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Purchase of a Portfolio Investment set forth in Section 1.03 and/or an
Advance set forth in Section 2.05 as of (i) both the related Trade Date and Settlement Date and/or (ii) the Advance date, as applicable, the Lenders will (ratably in accordance with their respective Financing Commitments) make the
applicable Advance available to the Company on the related Settlement Date (or otherwise on the related Advance date if no Portfolio Investment is being acquired on such date) as provided herein. 

- 41 - 

(b) Except as expressly provided herein, the failure of any Lender to make any Advance
required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder. If any Lender shall fail to provide any Advance to the Company required hereunder, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary
provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 

(c) The Company shall use the proceeds of the Advances received by it hereunder to pay any fees and expenses related to the Portfolio, purchase
the Portfolio Investments identified in the related Notice of Acquisition or to make advances to the Portfolio Investment Obligor of Delayed Funding Term Loans or Revolving Loans in accordance with the underlying instruments relating thereto or to
make Permitted Distributions and Permitted RIC Distributions in accordance with, and subject to the conditions in, this Agreement; provided that, if the proceeds of an Advance are deposited in the Principal Collection Account as provided in
Section 3.01 prior to or on the Settlement Date for any Portfolio Investment but the Company is unable to Purchase such Portfolio Investment on the related Settlement Date, or if there are proceeds of such Advance remaining after such
Purchase, then, subject to Section 3.01(a), upon written notice from the Portfolio Manager the Collateral Agent shall apply such proceeds to repay the Advances in accordance with Section 4.03(c) or as provided in
Section 4.05. The proceeds of the Advances shall not be used for any other purpose. 

(d) With respect to any Advance, the
Portfolio Manager shall, on behalf of the Company, submit a request substantially in the form of Exhibit A (a Request for Advance) to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral
Administrator, not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time, one (1) Business Day prior to the Business Day specified as the date on which such Advance shall be made and, upon receipt of such request, the Lenders shall make such Advances in
accordance with the terms set forth in Section 3.01. Any requested Advance shall be in an amount such that, after giving effect thereto and the related purchase (if any) of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s), the Borrowing Base Test
is satisfied. Subject to any deemed request pursuant to Section 3.01(h), no Request for Advance shall request a Daily Simple SOFR Advance unless the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR. 

(e) [Reserved] 

(f) (i) If
two (2) Business Days prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period there exists any Unfunded Exposure Shortfall, then the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall be deemed to have requested an Advance on such date, and the Lenders
shall make a corresponding Advance on the last day of the Reinvestment Period (with written notice to the Collateral Administrator by the Administrative Agent) in accordance with Article III in an amount to be deposited in the Unfunded
Exposure Account, equal to the least of (i) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Shortfall, (ii) the Financing Commitments in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances and (iii) an amount such that the Borrowing
Base Test is satisfied after giving effect to such Advance; provided that, if the Company provides evidence to the Administrative Agent (satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) that it has cash from other
sources that is available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to make any such future advances in respect of any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, then the amount of any such Advance shall be reduced by the amount of such
funds. After giving effect to such Advance, the Company shall cause the proceeds of such Advance and cash from other sources that are available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in an amount equal to the aggregate Unfunded Exposure
Shortfall to be deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account; and (ii) at any time after the end of the Reinvestment Period there exists any Unfunded Exposure Shortfall, then the Company shall cause the proceeds of cash from other sources that are
available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in an amount equal to the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Shortfall to be deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account. 

- 42 - 

(g) If, at any time during the Reinvestment Period, the Unfunded Exposure Shortfall exceeds
5% of the Collateral Principal Amount, the Company shall deposit, within two (2) Business Days thereof, cash collateral in the Unfunded Exposure Account in an amount equal to such excess. 

SECTION 2.04. Conditions to Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement shall not become effective
until the date (the Effective Date) on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion): 

(a) Executed Counterparts. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a
counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party
has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 

(b) Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received
reasonably satisfactory evidence that the Loan Documents have been executed and are in full force and effect, and that the initial sales and/or contributions contemplated by the Sale Agreement shall have been consummated in accordance with the terms
thereof. 

(c) Opinions. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received one or more reasonably satisfactory written
opinions of counsel for the Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Parent, covering such matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request (including,
without limitation, certain bankruptcy matters) in writing. 

(d) Corporate Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel)
shall have received such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of the directors or officers (as applicable) of the Company, the Parent and the Portfolio Manager as the Administrative Agent may
reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each director or officer thereof or other Person authorized to act in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such other documents and certificates as the
Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, formation, registration or incorporation, existence and good standing of the Company, the Parent and the Portfolio Manager and any other legal matters relating
to the Company, the Parent, the Portfolio Manager, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

(e) Payment of Fees, Etc. The Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall have
received all fees and other amounts due and payable by the Company in connection herewith on or prior to the Effective Date, including any fees payable in accordance with the Administrative Agency Fee Letter and, to the extent invoiced at least two
(2) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Company
hereunder. 

- 43 - 

(f) PATRIOT Act, Etc. (i) To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent,
the Collateral Agent or any Lender, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under the USA PATRIOT Act (Title
III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act) and other applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations and (ii) to the extent the Company qualifies
as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Company at least ten (10) days prior to the Effective
Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Company shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification. 

(g)
Filings. Proper financing statements, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, desirable under the UCC of all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect the security interest of the Collateral Agent
on behalf of the Secured Parties in all Collateral in which an interest may be pledged hereunder shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(h) Certain Acknowledgements. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) UCC, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and
pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the Company as debtor and that are filed in the jurisdiction in which the Company is organized,
(ii) a UCC lien search indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the Seller as debtor which cover any of the Portfolio Investments and (iii) such other searches that the Administrative Agent
deems necessary or appropriate. 

(i) Officers Certificate. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a
certificate of an officer of the Company, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 2.05(4) and 2.05(6) have been satisfied on and as of the Effective Date. 

(j) Constituent Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a copies of the constituent documents of the
Company and the Parent, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(k) Other Documents. Such
other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require. 

SECTION 2.05. Conditions to Advances. No Advance shall be
made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied as of the proposed date of such Advance: (or waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion): the Effective Date shall have occurred; 

(2) the Company shall have delivered a Request for Advance in accordance with Section 2.03(d); 

(3) no Market Value Event has occurred; 

(4) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(5) the Reinvestment Period has not ended; 

(6) all of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all
material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the date of such Advance, except to the extent that such
representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers,
shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; 

- 44 - 

(7) after giving pro forma effect to such Advance (and any related Purchase)
hereunder: 

(x) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied; and 

(y) the aggregate principal balance of Advances then outstanding will not exceed the limit for Advances set forth in the
Transaction Schedule; and 

(8) the amount of such Advance shall be not less than $500,000; provided that the amount
of the initial Advance on the Initial Funding Date shall be not less than $5,000,000. 

If the above conditions to an Advance are satisfied
or waived by the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall determine, in consultation with the Administrative Agent and with notice to the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator, the date on which any Advance shall be provided. 

SECTION 2.06. Financing Commitment Increase Option. The Company may, at any time during the Reinvestment Period, submit a Financing
Commitment Increase Option Request to increase the Financing Commitment to an aggregate amount (together with the Initial Financing Commitment and any prior increase in the Financing Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.06) of up to
$500,000,000 (any Financing Commitment resulting from approval of a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request, an Increased Financing Commitment). The increasing Lenders shall fund the requested Advance in accordance with such
Financing Commitment Increase Option Request, subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) each of the increasing
Lenders and the Administrative Agent (in their sole discretion) approve in writing (which may be by email) such Financing Commitment Increase Option Request; 

(b) no Market Value Event shall have occurred and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case, on and as
of the Financing Commitment Increase Date after giving pro forma effect to the requested Increased Financing Commitment and the Advance to be made thereunder; 

(c) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied on and as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date after giving pro forma effect to the requested
Increased Financing Commitment and the Advance to be made thereunder; 

(d) all of the representations and warranties contained in
Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case
on and as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such
representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; 

(e) the aggregate principal amount of the Advances shall not be less than the Minimum Funding Amount (unless otherwise consented to by the
Administrative Agent in writing (including by email) in its sole discretion); 

- 45 - 

(f) no commitment termination or reduction shall have occurred pursuant to
Section 4.07(a)(i)(B) prior to the Financing Commitment Increase Date; 

(g) the Company shall have paid to the Administrative
Agent on the Financing Commitment Increase Date, for the account of each increasing Lender, an Upfront Fee in the amount and in accordance with the terms specified in the Administrative Agency Fee Letter; 

(h) any Financing Commitment Increase Option Request shall be in an amount not less than $50,000,000; and 

(i) receipt by the Administrative Agent of such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, including without
limitation, documentation similar to that provided pursuant to Sections 2.04(c), (d) and (f)(ii) on the Effective Date. 

Unless otherwise agreed among JPMCB and any Affiliate thereof that is a Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Company, each increase to the
Financing Commitment of the Lenders on a Financing Commitment Increase Date shall be allocated to JPMCB and any Affiliate thereof that is a Lender in the amount(s) designated by such Lenders to the Administrative Agent. Any portion of such increase
remaining after allocation in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence (and after allocation of such increase to any additional lender providing all or a portion of such increase) shall be allocated to the Lenders that have notified the
Administrative Agent that they wish to participate in such increase on a pro rata basis (determined without giving effect to the Financing Commitments of JPMCB and its Affiliates). 

SECTION 2.07. Duration Extension Option. The Company may on one occasion, at any time following the first anniversary of the Effective
Date, submit a Duration Extension Request for up to a one (1) year extension of the Scheduled Termination Date of the Financing Commitments (any such Financing Commitment so extended, an Extended Financing Commitment),
subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) the Administrative Agent and each Lender (in their sole discretion)
approves in writing (which may be by email) such Duration Extension Request; 

(b) [reserved]; 

(c) the Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent, on the date of effectiveness of such Duration Extension, for the account of each
extending Lender, an upfront fee to be mutually agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Company; 

(d) no Market Value Event shall have
occurred and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case, on and as of the date of such Duration Extension; 

(e) [reserved]; 

(f) the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied on and as of the date of such Duration Extension 

(g) the Company shall have taken any action as may be
reasonably requested by any Secured Party pursuant to Section 6.02(aa); 

- 46 - 

(h) all of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any
other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the date of
such Duration Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and
warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; and 

(i) to the extent
necessary, the Administrative Agent (or any other designee on its behalf) shall have filed, or received authorization to file, appropriate amendments or extensions to all previously filed financing statements and/or continuation statements under the
UCC of all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect or ensure the perfection of the security interest of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in all Collateral. 

ARTICLE III 

ADDITIONAL TERMS
APPLICABLE TO THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 3.01. The Advances. 

(a) Making the Advances. If the Lenders are required to make an Advance to the Company as provided in Section 2.03, then
each Lender shall make such Advance on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Collateral Agent for deposit to the Principal Collection Account. Each Lender at its option may make any Advance by causing any
domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Advance; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Company to repay such Advance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may borrow, prepay and reborrow Advances, except that prepayments made after the Reinvestment Period shall result in a reduction of Financing Commitments as provided in
Section 4.07(e). 

(b) Interest on the Advances. Subject to Section 3.01(h), all outstanding Advances shall
bear interest (from and including the date on which such Advance is made to but excluding the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the date on which such Advance is repaid) at a per annum rate equal to the Term SOFR Rate for each Calculation Period (or, if
a Base Rate Advance, at the applicable Base Rate for the relevant period) in effect plus the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule; provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default, all outstanding Advances and any unpaid interest thereon shall bear interest (from and including the date of such Event of Default to but excluding the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the date on which such Advance is repaid) at a per annum
rate equal to the Term SOFR Rate for each Calculation Period (or, if a Base Rate Advance, at the applicable Base Rate for the relevant period) in effect plus the Adjusted Applicable Margin; provided further that, for any day on which the aggregate
principal amount of the outstanding Advances is less than the Minimum Funding Amount specified in the definition of the term Minimum Funding Amount, then the Company shall owe the Lenders interest on the amount of such difference at a per annum rate
equal to the Applicable Margin set forth on the Transaction Schedule minus the per annum rate payable in respect of commitment fees pursuant to Section 4.03(d). Except as provided under Section 4.03(c), the amount of such accrued
interest shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 

(c) Evidence of the Advances.
Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Company to such Lender resulting from each Advance made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest
payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices a register (the Register) in which it shall
record (1) the amount of each Advance made hereunder, (2) the amount of any principal 

- 47 - 

or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Company to each Lender hereunder
and (3) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. The entries made in the Register maintained pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall be
conclusive absent manifest error; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such Register or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Company to repay the Advances in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. No assignment shall be effective unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this section. This Section 3.01(c) shall be construed so that the Advances are at all times maintained in
registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2), and 881(c)(2) of the Code.

Any Lender may request
that Advances made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Company shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the
Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Thereafter, the Advances evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such
form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 

(d)
Pro Rata Treatment. Except as otherwise provided herein, all borrowings of, and payments in respect of, the Advances shall be made on a pro rata basis by or to the Lenders in accordance with their respective portions of the Financing
Commitments in respect of Advances held by them. 

(e) Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any
Lender or the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company that the adoption of any law, rule or regulation, or any change therein or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the
interpretation or administration thereof, makes it unlawful, or any Governmental Authority asserts that it is unlawful, for a Lender or the Administrative Agent to perform its obligations hereunder to fund or maintain Advances hereunder, then
(1) the obligation of such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder to fund or maintain Advances shall immediately be suspended until such time as such Lender or the Administrative Agent determines (in its sole discretion) that such
performance is again lawful, (2) at the request of the Company, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts (which will not require such party to incur a loss, other than immaterial, incidental
expenses), until such time as the Advances are required to be prepaid as required under clause (3) below, to transfer all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates with respect to which
such performance would not be unlawful, and (3) if such Lender or the Administrative Agent is unable to effect a transfer under clause (2), then any outstanding Advances of such Lender shall be promptly paid in full by the Company (together
with all accrued interest and all other amounts owing hereunder) but not later than the earlier of (x) if the Company requests such Lender or the Administrative Agent to take the actions set forth in clause (2) above, 20 calendar days
after the date on which such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies the Company in writing that it is unable to transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement as specified in such clause (2) and (y) such date as shall be
mandated by law; provided that, to the extent that any such adoption or change makes it unlawful for the Advances to bear interest by reference to the Term SOFR Rate, then the foregoing clauses (1) through (3) shall not apply and
the Advances shall bear interest (from and after the last day of the Calculation Period ending immediately after such adoption or change) at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the
Transaction Schedule; provided further, that no breakage costs shall be payable in connection with this Section 3.01(e). 

- 48 - 

(f) Increased Costs. 

(i) 

If any Change in Law shall: 

(A) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory
loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender; 

(B) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this
Agreement or Advances made by such Lender; or 

(C) subject any Lender or the Administrative Agent to any Taxes (other than
(x) Indemnified Taxes, (y) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (z) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its
deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such
Lender or the Administrative Agent of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Advance or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder (whether of principal, interest or
otherwise), then, upon written request by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (which may be by email), the Company will pay to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such
Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(ii) If any Lender determines that any
Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement
or the Advances made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of such
Lenders holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time the Company will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such
Lender or such Lenders holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(iii) A certificate of a Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the
amount or amounts necessary to compensate, and the basis for such compensation of, such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be
conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof. 

(iv) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of
such Lenders or the Administrative Agents right to demand such compensation; provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or
reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or the Administrative
Agents intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, the 180 day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period
of retroactive effect thereof. None of the Lenders nor the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to any such compensation unless such Person is generally seeking such compensation from borrowers under substantially similar facilities with
substantially similar assets and from whom such Person is entitled to so seek such compensation. 

- 49 - 

(v) Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agrees that it will take such commercially reasonable
actions as the Company may reasonably request that will avoid the need to pay, or reduce the amount of, any increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f); provided that no Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be obligated to
take any actions that would, in the reasonable opinion of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, be disadvantageous to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, due to a loss of money). In no event will the Company be
responsible for increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f) which relates to any other entities to which any Lender provides financing. 

(vi) If any Lender (A) provides notice of unlawfulness or requests compensation under clause (e) above or this clause (f), (B) defaults in its
obligation to make Advances hereunder, (C) becomes the subject of a Bail-In Action or (D) does not consent to a Material Amendment consented to by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, then the Company may, at its sole expense
and effort, upon written notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by,
Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related transaction documents to an assignee identified by the Company that shall assume such obligations (whereupon such Lender shall be obligated to so
assign), provided that, (x) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder through the date of such
assignment, (y) a Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease
to apply and (z) such assignment or delegation shall be offered first to JPMCB and any Affiliate thereof that is a Lender. No prepayment fee that may otherwise be due hereunder shall be payable to such Lender in connection with any such
assignment 

(g) No Set-off or counterclaim. Subject to Section 3.03, all payments to be made hereunder by the Company in
respect of the Advances shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and in such amounts as may be necessary in order that every such payment (after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future Taxes imposed by the
jurisdiction in which the Company is organized or any political subdivision or taxing authority therein or thereof) shall not be less than the amounts otherwise specified to be paid under this Agreement. 

(h) Alternate Rate of Interest. 

(i) Temporary Benchmark Unavailability. Subject to clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) of
this Section 3.01(h) , if: 

(a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive
absent manifest error) that (A) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Term SOFR Rate (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for the applicable tenor or
(B) if the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Daily Simple SOFR; or 

- 50 - 

(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that
(A) the Term SOFR Rate will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Advances (or its Advance) or (B) if the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR will
not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Advances (or its Advance), then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Company and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or
electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) and until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the
Collateral Administrator) that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Company delivers a new Request for Advance in accordance with the terms of
Section 2.03(d), then, with respect to Advances referencing the affected Benchmark (1) any Request for Advance that requests a Term Benchmark Advance shall instead be deemed to be a request for (x) Daily Simple SOFR Advance so
long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above and
(2) any Request for Advance that requests a Daily Simple SOFR Advance shall instead be deemed to be a request for a Base Rate Advance. 

Furthermore, if any Daily Simple SOFR Advance or Term Benchmark Advance is outstanding on the date of the Companys receipt of the notice
from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 3.01(h)(i) with respect to a Benchmark applicable to such Term Benchmark Advance or Daily Simple SOFR Advance, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company
and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Company delivers a new Request for Advance in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03(d) then,
with respect to Advances referencing the affected Benchmark (1) any Term Benchmark Advance shall, on the last day of the Calculation Period applicable to such Advance (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be
converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above or (y) a Base Rate Advance if
Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above, on such day, and (2) any Daily Simple SOFR Advance shall, on and from such day, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute,
a Base Rate Advance. 

(ii) Permanent Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan
Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then: 

(a) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for
such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or
further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and 

- 51 - 

(b) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the
definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after
5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any
other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 

(iii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the
Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (in consultation with the Company) from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments
implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(iv) Notices from and Determinations by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the
Lenders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) of (a) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (b) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement,
(c) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (d) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (v) below and (e) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark
Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.01(h), including any determination with respect to
a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in
its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.01(h). 

(v) Unavailable Term Rate Tenors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including
in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (a) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other
information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or
publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Calculation Period or Term SOFR Rate for any Benchmark
settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (b) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (a) above either (A) is subsequently displayed

- 52 - 

on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or
(B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of definition of
Calculation Period or Term SOFR Rate for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(vi) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Companys receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability
Period, the Company may revoke any request for or conversion to a Term Benchmark Advance or Daily Simple SOFR Advance to be made or converted during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Company will be deemed to have converted
any request for, or request for conversion to, a Term Benchmark Advance into a request for, or conversion to, (A) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) a Base
Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event. 

During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any
time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate.

Furthermore, if any Daily Simple SOFR Advance or any Term Benchmark Advance is outstanding on the date of the Companys receipt of
notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Benchmark applicable to such Term Benchmark Advance or Daily Simple SOFR Advance, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such currency is implemented
pursuant to this Section 3.01(h), (1) any Term Benchmark Advance shall on the last day of the Calculation Period applicable to such Advance (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the
Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark
Transition Event, on such day and (2) any Daily Simple SOFR Advance shall, on and from such day, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Base Rate Advance. 

SECTION 3.02. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 3.03. Taxes. 

(a)
Payments Free of Taxes. All payments to be made hereunder or under any Loan Document by or on account of any obligation of the Company shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law
(including FATCA), as determined in the good faith discretion of the applicable withholding agent. If any Applicable Law requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled
to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Company
shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Secured Party receives an amount equal to
the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

- 53 - 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Company. The Company shall timely pay to the
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(c) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall indemnify each Secured Party, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for
the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such
Secured Party and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such
payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for
(i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so),
(ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case,
that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant
Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and
apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d). 

(e) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Company to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this
Section 3.03, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other
evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(f) Status of Secured Parties. (i) Any Lender
that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the
Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition,
any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the
Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of
such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.03(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would
subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

- 54 - 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender
becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(B) any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably
requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the
following is applicable: 

(i) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the
United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax
pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or any applicable successor form establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(ii) an executed IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c)
of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, is not a 10 percent shareholder of the Company or the Parent within the
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and is not a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) an executed IRS Form W-8BEN,
IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form; or 

(iv) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an
executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as
applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. 

- 55 - 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the
Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the
reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), copies of any other executed form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such
supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to
comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times
prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional
documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such
Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing
of its legal inability to do so; and 

(E) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Company an electronic copy of an IRS Form W-9 upon
becoming a party under this Agreement attesting to the fact that it is a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 and a U.S. financial institution
within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1471-3(a)(3)(iii) and that it will comply with its obligations to withhold under Section 1441 and FATCA. 

(g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund
of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.03), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such
refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any
interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph
(g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after
Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect
to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any
other Person. 

(h) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 3.03 shall survive the resignation or
replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Financing Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

- 56 - 

SECTION 3.04. Mitigation Obligations

(a) Designation of a Different Lending or Issuing Office. If any Lender requires the Company to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional
amounts to any Lender, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.03, then such Lender shall (at the request of the Company) use reasonable efforts to, as applicable, designate a different lending or
issuing office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or issuing letters of credit or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or
assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.03, as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be
disadvantageous to such Lender. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

ARTICLE IV 

COLLECTIONS AND
PAYMENTS 

SECTION 4.01. Interest Proceeds. The Company shall notify the Portfolio Investment Obligor with respect to each
Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Interest Proceeds to the Interest Collection Account or the Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account. To the extent Interest Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the
Interest Collection Account, the Company shall cause all Interest Proceeds on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Interest Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to be
credited) to the Interest Collection Account all Interest Proceeds received by it promptly (and, in any case, within one (1) Business Day) upon receipt thereof in accordance with the written direction of the Portfolio Manager; provided
that Interest Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account. Interest Proceeds on deposit in the Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection
Account shall be converted to U.S. Dollars by the Collateral Agent at the Spot Rate designated by the Administrative Agent (and notified to the Collateral Agent) no later than two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date, each
Additional Distribution Date and the Maturity Date and deposited into the Interest Collection Account for application as described above at the written direction of the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf (or, upon the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default or upon the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent). 

Interest
Proceeds shall be retained in the Interest Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account, as applicable) and held in cash and/or invested (and reinvested) at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio
Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in Cash Equivalents denominated in the applicable currency of such account selected by the Portfolio Manager (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event
has occurred, in which case, selected by the Administrative Agent) (Eligible Investments). Eligible Investments shall mature no later than the end of the then-current Calculation Period. In the absence of any such written
direction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, Interest Proceeds in the Interest Collection Account shall remain uninvested. Interest Proceeds in any Permitted Non-USD Currency
Interest Collection Account shall remain uninvested. 

Interest Proceeds on deposit in the Interest Collection Account (or any Permitted
Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account, as applicable) shall be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the
occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance with this Agreement or (ii) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions in accordance with this Agreement.

- 57 - 

SECTION 4.02. Principal Proceeds. The Company shall notify the Portfolio Investment
Obligor with respect to each Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Principal Proceeds to the Principal Collection Account or a Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account, as applicable. To the extent Principal
Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the Principal Collection Account, the Company shall cause all Principal Proceeds received on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Principal Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral
Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to be credited) to the Principal Collection Account all Principal Proceeds received by it promptly (and, in any case, within one (1) Business Day) upon receipt thereof in accordance with
the written direction of the Portfolio Manager; provided that Principal Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account. Principal Proceeds on
deposit in the Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account shall be converted to U.S. Dollars by the Collateral Agent at the Spot Rate designated by the Administrative Agent (and notified to the Collateral Agent) no later than two
(2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date, each Additional Distribution Date and the Maturity Date and deposited into the Principal Collection Account for application as described above at the written direction of the Company or the
Portfolio Manager on its behalf (or, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or upon the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent). 

All Principal Proceeds shall be retained in the Principal Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account,
as applicable) and held in cash and/or invested (and reinvested) at the written direction of the Administrative Agent in Eligible Investments denominated in the applicable currency of such account selected by the Portfolio Manager (unless an Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in which case, selected by the Administrative Agent). All investment income on such Eligible Investments shall constitute Interest Proceeds. In the absence of any such
written direction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, Principal Proceeds in the Principal Collection Account shall remain uninvested. Principal Proceeds in any Permitted Non-USD
Currency Principal Collection Account shall remain uninvested. 

Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Principal Collection Account (or any
Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account, as applicable) shall be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following
the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) towards the purchase price of Portfolio Investments purchased in accordance with this Agreement,
(iii) to be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account in accordance with this Agreement or (iv) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions in accordance with, and subject to the conditions in, this Agreement, in each
case with prior notice to the Administrative Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, Principal Proceeds received in connection with the sale of any Portfolio Investment pursuant to Section 1.04 following a Market Value Event shall be used to
prepay Advances as set forth therein at the written direction of the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest
Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee. 

(a) The Company shall pay the unpaid principal amount of the Advances (together with accrued
interest thereon) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender on the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments and any and all cash in the Collateral Accounts shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Secured
Obligations on the Maturity Date and on each Additional Distribution Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 

- 58 - 

(b) Accrued interest on the Advances shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment
Date, each Additional Distribution Date and the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to the first proviso to Section 3.01(b) shall be payable on demand,
(ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Advances, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) for the avoidance of doubt, interest on
Advances shall continue to accrue during the period between the end of a Calculation Period and the corresponding Interest Payment Date, with such accrued interest to be included in the calculation of interest for the immediately succeeding
Calculation Period. 

(c) (i) Subject to the requirements of this Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the right from time to
time to prepay outstanding Advances (which prepayment shall result in a termination of Financing Commitments to the extent required pursuant to Section 4.07) in whole or in part. The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as a .pdf or similar file) of any prepayment pursuant to this Section 4.03(c)(i) not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, one
(1) Business Day before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of the Advances to be prepaid. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the
Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Except in connection with a Market Value Cure, each partial prepayment of outstanding Advances shall be in an amount not less than $500,000. Prepayments shall be accompanied by
accrued and unpaid interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a prepayment in full, subject to the Priority of Payments, any remaining and outstanding fees owed to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities
Intermediary shall be paid in full to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary. 

(ii) At the request of any
Lender, any prepayment pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i) that is made on a date other than an Interest Payment Date shall be accompanied by any costs incurred by such Lender in respect of the breakage of its funding at the Term SOFR
Reference Rate for the Calculation Period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any loss of profit). 

(d) The Company agrees to pay to
the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a commitment fee in accordance with the Priority of Payments which shall accrue at 0.750.60% per annum (or, during the Ramp-Up Period, 0.50% per
annum) on the average daily Unused Facility Amount of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the last day of the Reinvestment Period. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on each Interest
Payment Date, and on the date on which the Financing Commitments terminate. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding
the last day). 

(e) The Company agrees to pay the Administrative Agent the Upfront Fee in the amount and in accordance with the
terms specified in the Administrative Agency Fee Letter. 

(f) Without limiting Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the
obligation from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances in whole or in part on any date with proceeds from sales of Portfolio Investments directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.04 and as set forth in
Section 8.01(h). All such prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest and shall be applied to the repayment of the longest outstanding Advance. 

- 59 - 

(g) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent the Administrative Agency Fee in
the amount and in accordance with the terms specified in the Administrative Agency Fee Letter. 

(h) The Company agrees to pay the
Administrative Agent the Upfront/Extension Fee in the amount and in accordance with the terms specified in the Administrative Agency Fee Letter. 

(i) The Company agrees to pay the Administrative Agent the Upsize Fee in the amount and in accordance with the terms
specified in the Administrative Agency Fee Letter.

SECTION 4.04. MV Cure
Account. 

(a) The Company shall cause all cash received by it in connection with a Market Value Cure to be deposited in the MV Cure
Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit to the MV Cure Account such amounts received by it (and identified in writing as such) immediately upon receipt thereof. Prior to the Maturity Date, all cash amounts
in the MV Cure Account shall be invested in overnight Eligible Investments at the written direction of the Administrative Agent (as directed by the Required Lenders); provided that if the Collateral Agent does not receive such written
direction from the Administrative Agent, cash amounts in the MV Cure Account shall remain uninvested. All amounts contributed to the Company by the Parent in connection with a Market Value Cure shall be paid free and clear of any right of chargeback
or other equitable claim. 

(b) Amounts on deposit in the MV Cure Account may be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction
of the Company (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and remitted to the Company with prior notice to the Administrative Agent
(or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, to the Lenders for prepayment of Advances and reduction of Financing Commitment); provided that the Company
may not direct any withdrawal from the MV Cure Account if the Borrowing Base Test is not satisfied (or would not be satisfied after such withdrawal). 

SECTION 4.05. Priority of Payments. On (w) each Interest Payment Date, (x) the Maturity Date, (y) each Agent Business
Day after the occurrence of a Market Value Event at the direction of the Administrative Agent (with two (2) Business Days notice to the Collateral Agent, provided that any such notice received by the Collateral Agent after 5:00 p.m. on an
Agent Business Day shall be deemed to have been received on the immediately succeeding Agent Business Day) and (z) each Agent Business Day after the occurrence of an Event of Default and the declaration of the Secured Obligations as due and
payable at the direction of the Administrative Agent (with two (2) Business Days notice to the Collateral Agent, provided that any such notice received by the Collateral Agent after 5:00 p.m. on an Agent Business Day shall be deemed to
have been received on the immediately succeeding Agent Business Day) (each date set forth in clauses (y) and (z) above, an Additional Distribution Date), the Collateral Agent shall distribute all amounts in the
Collection Accounts (and any Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds then on deposit in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account) in the following order of priority (the Priority of Payments): 

- 60 - 

(a) to pay (i) first, amounts due or payable to the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including fees, out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities) up to a maximum amount under this subclause (i) the sum of
(x) 0.025% per annum multiplied by the sum of the aggregate principal amount of the Collateral (after conversion to USD using clause (y) of the Spot Rate) as of the end of the related Calculation Period plus (y) U.S.$25,000 on each
Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, after giving effect to all payments of such amounts on any other Additional Distribution Date or
Interest Payment Date occurring in the same calendar quarter); provided that if any such amount is not utilized on any Payment Date, then such unutilized amount may be applied during any of the three succeeding Payment Dates; provided, further that
any limitation on such amounts due or payable to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary shall be disregarded with the consent of the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf) and
(ii) second, any other accrued and unpaid fees and out-of-pocket expenses (other than the commitment fee payable to the Lenders and the Administrative Agency Fee, but including Lender indemnities) due hereunder, up to a maximum amount under
this clause (a) of $25,000 on each Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, after giving effect to all payments of such amounts
on any other Additional Distribution Date or Interest Payment Date occurring in the same calendar quarter); 

(b) to pay interest due in
respect of the Advances and any increased costs and any accrued and unpaid Administrative Agency Fees and commitment fees payable to the Lenders (pro rata based on amounts due); 

(c) to pay (i) on each Interest Payment Date, all prepayments of the Advances permitted or required under this Agreement (including any
applicable premium) and (ii) on the Maturity Date (and, if applicable, any Additional Distribution Date), principal of the Advances until the Advances are paid in full; 

(d) prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period, at the direction of the Portfolio Manager, to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account up to the
Unfunded Exposure Amounts; 

(e) following the end of the Reinvestment Period, solely with respect to Principal Proceeds, to pay principal
of the Advances until the Advances are paid in full; 

(f) to pay all amounts set forth in clause (a) above not paid due to the
limitation set forth therein; 

(g) to make any Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions directed pursuant to this Agreement;
and 

(h) (i) on any Interest Payment Date, to deposit any remaining amounts in the Principal Collection Account (or, with respect to any
such amounts denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, in the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account) as Principal Proceeds and (ii) on the Maturity Date and any Additional Distribution Date, any remaining amounts
to the Company. 

SECTION 4.06. Payments Generally. 

(a) All payments to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the account designated in writing to
the Company and the Collateral Agent for further distribution by the Administrative Agent (if applicable). The Administrative Agent shall give at least two Business Days prior written notice to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator
(on which the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator may conclusively rely) and the Portfolio 

- 61 - 

Manager of the calculation of amounts payable to the Lenders in respect of the Advances and the amounts
payable to the Portfolio Manager. At least two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver an invoice to the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator in respect
of the interest due on such Interest Payment Date. All payments not made to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders shall be made as directed in writing by the Administrative Agent. Subject to Section 3.03 hereof, all
payments by the Company hereunder shall be made without setoff or counterclaim. All payments hereunder shall be made in U.S. Dollars. All amounts in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account to be disbursed hereunder will be converted into U.S. Dollars
by the Collateral Agent at the Spot Rate designated by the Administrative Agent (and notified to the Collateral Agent) no later (x) than two (2) Business Days prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, (y) the Maturity Date, if the
Maturity Date occurs prior to the Scheduled Termination Date and (z) each Additional Distribution Date. All interest calculated using the Term SOFR Rate hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and all interest calculated
using the Base Rate hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days in each case, payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(b) At any time following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative
Agent may in its sole discretion direct the Securities Intermediary or the Bank, as applicable, to exchange amounts held in each Permitted Non-USD Currency Account for U.S. Dollars or to exchange amounts held in the Collateral Accounts for one or
more Permitted Non-USD Currencies, in each case at the Spot Rate for application hereunder. 

SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of
Financing Commitments. 

(a) (i) Subject to the requirements of this Section 4.07(a), the Company shall be entitled at its
option (A) on any Business Day that JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ceases to act as Administrative Agent, (B) in connection with a Market Value Cure, (C) following the occurrence of an Approval Termination Event or
(D) at any time following the Non-Call Period, up to but not more than three times during any Calculation Period, to either (x) terminate the Financing Commitments in whole upon payment in full of all Advances, all accrued and unpaid
interest, all accrued and unpaid Administrative Agency Fees, all applicable premium and all other Secured Obligations (other than unmatured contingent indemnification and reimbursement obligations) or (y) reduce in part the portion of the
Financing Commitments that exceeds the sum of the outstanding Advances. The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as a .pdf or
similar file) of any termination or reduction, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 4.07(a)(i) not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days before the date of termination or reduction, as applicable. Each
such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date of termination or reduction, as applicable, and the principal amount of the Financing Commitments to be so terminated or reduced, as applicable. Promptly following receipt of any such
notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial reduction of Financing Commitments shall be in an amount not less than $1,000,000. 

(ii) Each commitment termination or reduction pursuant to Section 4.07(a)(i)(D) that is made, whether in full or in
part, during the period beginning immediately following the expiry of the Non-Call Period and ending upon the date that is six (6) months after the expiry of the Non-Call Period, shall be accompanied by a premium equal to 1.00% of the amount of
Financing Commitments so terminated or reduced, as applicable; provided that any such premium shall not be payable in connection with any repayments or reductions in connection with Section 3.01(f)(vi)(A) and (D). 

- 62 - 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) The Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced by all amounts that are used to prepay or repay Advances following
the occurrence of a Market Value Event or an Event of Default. 

(d) All unused Financing Commitments as of the last day of the Reinvestment
Period shall automatically be terminated. 

(e) The Financing Commitments shall be irrevocably reduced by the amount of any repayment or
prepayment of Advances following the last day of the Reinvestment Period. 

ARTICLE V 

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER 

SECTION
5.01. Appointment and Duties of the Portfolio Manager. The Company hereby appoints the Portfolio Manager as its portfolio manager under this Agreement and to perform the investment management functions of the Company set forth herein, and the
Portfolio Manager hereby accepts such appointment. For so long as no Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to Section 1.04, the services to be provided by the Portfolio Manager
shall consist of (w) selecting, purchasing, managing and directing the investment, reinvestment and disposition of Portfolio Investments, (x) monitoring the Portfolio Investments on behalf of the Company and providing or causing to be
provided to the Company all reports, schedules and other data reasonably available to the Portfolio Manager that the Company is required to prepare and deliver or cause to be prepared and delivered under this Agreement, (y) delivering Notices
of Acquisition on behalf of and in the name of the Company and (z) acting on behalf of the Company for all other purposes hereof and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Portfolio Manager agrees to comply with all covenants and
restrictions imposed on it herein and in each other Loan Document. The Company hereby irrevocably appoints the Portfolio Manager its true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution) in its name, place and stead and at its
expense, in connection with the performance of its duties provided for herein. Without limiting the foregoing: 

(a) The
Portfolio Manager shall perform its obligations hereunder with reasonable care, using a degree of skill not less than that which the Portfolio Manager exercises with respect to assets of the nature of the Portfolio Investments that it manages for
itself and others having similar investment objectives and restrictions and consistent with practices and procedures followed by institutional managers of national standing relating to assets of the nature and character of the Portfolio; and 

(b) The Portfolio Manager shall not (and shall not cause the Company to) take any action that it knows or reasonably should
know would (1) violate the constituent documents of the Company, (2) violate any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Company, (3) require registration of the Company as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, or (4) cause the Company to violate the terms of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any instruments relating to the Portfolio Investments. 

- 63 - 

The Portfolio Manager may employ third parties (including its Affiliates) to render advice
(including investment advice) and assistance to the Company and to perform any of the Portfolio Managers duties hereunder, provided that the Portfolio Manager shall not be relieved of any of its duties or liabilities hereunder regardless of
the performance of any services by third parties. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have the right to remove or replace the Portfolio Manager as investment adviser or portfolio manager hereunder. 

SECTION 5.02. Portfolio Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc. To the extent able through the exercise of its best
efforts, the Portfolio Manager agrees to cause the Company to (i) comply with all covenants and restrictions imposed on the Company hereunder and (ii) refrain from acting in contravention of its covenants and agreements set forth in this
Agreement. The Portfolio Manager represents to the other parties hereto that (a) as of the Trade Date and Settlement Date for each Portfolio Investment purchased, such Portfolio Investment meets all of the applicable Eligibility Criteria
(unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent) and, except as otherwise permitted hereunder, the Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent) and (b) all of the
information contained in the related Notice of Acquisition is true, correct and complete in all material respects; provided that, to the extent any such information was furnished to the Company by any third party, such information is as of
its delivery date true, complete and correct in all material respects to the knowledge of the Portfolio Manager. 

SECTION 5.03.
Indemnification. The Portfolio Manager and the Parent shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Agents, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator and the Lenders and their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
stockholders, partners, agents, employees and controlling persons (each, an Indemnified Person) from and against any and all losses, claims, demands, damages or liabilities of any kind, including reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket legal fees and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel to each group of affiliated Indemnified Persons (collectively, Liabilities), and shall reimburse each such Indemnified Person on a current basis for all
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel), incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating, preparing, responding to or defending any investigative, administrative, judicial
or regulatory action, suit, claim or proceeding, relating to or arising out of (a) any breach by the Portfolio Manager of any of its obligations hereunder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the obligation set forth in
Section 6.02(k) to comply with any applicable conflicts procedure set forth in its constituent documents), (b) the failure of any of the representations or warranties of the Portfolio Manager set forth herein to be true when made or
when deemed made or repeated, (c) any exercise by the Company of its voting rights as set forth in Section 6.03 which results in equitable subordination with respect to any Portfolio Investment in any bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding, except to the extent that such Liabilities or expenses (x) result from the performance or non-performance of the Portfolio Investments or (y) are found in a final,
non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person, (d) any liabilities that arise to the extent due to their or any of their Affiliates own
gross negligence, recklessness, bad faith or willful misconduct (including any affirmative act taken with the knowledge that it would cause liability under this Agreement), (e) fraud at the Company, the Portfolio Manager or the Parent or
(f) a Company or Portfolio Manager Event of Default pursuant to Sections 7.01(d), (e), (f) or (g). For the avoidance of doubt, the Portfolio Manager shall not be liable hereunder for the credit performance of
any Portfolio Investments. 

This Section 5.03 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the resignation or removal of
the Agents, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary and the repayment of all amounts owing to the Secured Parties hereunder. 

- 64 - 

ARTICLE VI 

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 

SECTION 6.01. Representations and Warranties. The Company (and, with respect to clauses (a) through (e),
(l), (n), (o), (t) through (v)(i), (w) and (aa), the Portfolio Manager) represents, each on behalf of itself, to the other parties hereto that as of the date hereof and each Trade Date (or as of
such other date as maybe expressly set forth herein): 

(a) it is duly organized, formed, registered or incorporated, as the case may be,
and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, formation, registration or incorporation and has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it
is or may become a party and to consummate the transactions herein and therein contemplated; 

(b) the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and each such other Loan Document, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein have been duly authorized by it and this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party
constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to (A) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally
and (B) equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); 

(c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein do not conflict with the provisions of its governing instruments and will not violate in any material respect any provisions of Applicable Law or regulation or any applicable order of
any court or regulatory body and will not result in the material breach of, or constitute a default, or require any consent, under any material agreement, instrument or document to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be
bound or affected; 

(d) it is not subject to any Adverse Proceeding; 

(e) it has obtained all consents and authorizations (including all required consents and authorizations of any Governmental Authority) that are
necessary or advisable to be obtained by it in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and each such consent and authorization is in full force and
effect except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(f) it is not required to
register as an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

(g) it has not issued any
securities that are or are required to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and it is not a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

(h) it has no Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents, (ii) Indebtedness incurred
pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (iii) if applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term Loan
or Revolving Loan; 

- 65 - 

(i) (x) during the term of this Agreement, neither its nor the Parents underlying
assets constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules; (y) neither it nor the Parent has within the last six years sponsored, maintained, contributed to or been required to contribute to, or has any direct
liability with respect to, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; and (z) no ERISA Affiliate has within the last six years sponsored, maintained, contributed to, or been required to contribute to, or has any liability with respect to any Plan or
Multiemployer Plan which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(j) as of the date of this Agreement it is, and
after giving effect to any Advance it will be, Solvent and it is not entering into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or consummating any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its
creditors; 

(k) it is not in default under any other contract to which it is a party except where such default would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(l) it has complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws, judgments, agreements
with governmental authorities, decrees and orders with respect to its business and properties and the Portfolio; 

(m) it does not have any
Subsidiaries or own any Investments in any Person other than the Portfolio Investments or Investments (i) constituting Eligible Investments (as measured at their time of acquisition), (ii) acquired by the Company as permitted hereunder, or
(iii) those the Company shall have acquired or received as a distribution in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure, restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof; 

(n) (x) it has disclosed to the Administrative Agent all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject,
and all other matters actually known to it that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (y) no information (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic
data, industry information or information relating to third parties) heretofore furnished by or on behalf of it in writing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby (after
taking into account all updates, modifications and supplements to such information) contains (or, to the extent any such information was furnished by a third party, to its knowledge contains), when taken as a whole, as of its delivery date, any
material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and (z) as of the Effective Date, to the best of its
knowledge, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects; 

(o) all of the conditions to the acquisition of the Portfolio Investments specified in Section 1.03 have been satisfied or waived;

(p) it has timely filed all material federal, state and other Tax returns required by Applicable Law to have been filed by it; all such
federal, state and other Tax returns are true and correct in all material respects; and it has paid or withheld (as applicable) all material Taxes owing or required to be withheld by it (if any), except any such Taxes which are being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside in accordance with GAAP on its books and records; 

- 66 - 

(q) it is and will be treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

(r) the Company is and will be wholly owned by the Parent; 

(s) prior to the date hereof, the Company has not engaged in any business operations or activities other than as an ownership entity for
Portfolio Investments and similar Loan or debt obligations and activities incidental thereto; 

(t) neither it nor any of its Affiliates is
(i) a Sanctioned Person; (ii) a Person that resides or has a place of business in a Sanctioned Country or any country or territory which is designated as a High-Risk Jurisdiction subject to a Call for Action by the Financial
Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through such a jurisdiction; (iii) a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the PATRIOT Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a
physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision; or (iv) a Person that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction
designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Sections 311 of the PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. It is in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and also in compliance with all
applicable provisions of the PATRIOT Act; 

(u) it has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to
ensure compliance by it, its agents and their respective directors, managers, officers and employees (as applicable) with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions, and it and its officers and directors and, to its knowledge, its employees, members and
agents are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in it being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (i) it or its directors, officers,
managers or employees or (ii) to the knowledge of it, any director, manager or agent of it that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person; 

(v) (i) the Loan Documents represent all of the material agreements between the Portfolio Manager, the Parent and the Seller,
on the one hand, and the Company, on the other; 

(ii) it has good and marketable title to all Portfolio Investments and
other Collateral free of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and no effective financing statement (other than with respect to Permitted Liens) or other instrument similar in effect naming or purportedly naming it or any of its Affiliates as
debtor and covering all or any part of the Collateral is on file in any recording office, except such as may have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent as Secured Party pursuant hereto, as necessary or advisable in connection with
the Sale Agreement or which has been terminated; 

(w) it is not relying on any advice (whether written or oral) of any Lender, Agent or any
of their respective Affiliates; 

(x) there are no judgments for Taxes with respect to it and no claim is being asserted with respect to its
Taxes other than any judgments or claims, (i) the amount, applicability or validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside in
accordance with GAAP on its books and records or (ii) the failure of which to pay or discharge could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

- 67 - 

(y) upon the making of each Advance, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, will have acquired a perfected, first priority and valid security interest (except, as to priority, for any Permitted Liens) in the Collateral acquired with the proceeds of such Advance, free and clear of any adverse claim (other than
Permitted Liens) or restrictions on transferability; 

(z) the Parent has elected to be regulated as a business development company for
purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

(aa) the Portfolio Manager is not required to register as an investment
adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended; 

(bb) no ERISA Event has occurred; and 

(cc) all proceeds of the Advances will be used by the Company only in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. No part of the proceeds
of any Advance will be used by the Company to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Advance nor the use of the proceeds thereof will violate
or be inconsistent with the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. No Advance is secured, directly or indirectly, by Margin Stock, and the Collateral does not include Margin Stock. 

SECTION 6.02. Covenants of the Company and the Portfolio Manager. The Company (and, with respect to clauses (e), (g),
(k), (o), (r), (bb) and (gg), the Portfolio Manager): 

(a) shall at all times: (i) maintain at least
(x) one manager and (y) one independent manager or director (who is in the business of serving as an independent manager or director); (ii) maintain its own separate books and records and bank accounts; provided,
however, that the Companys assets together with a listing of its liabilities or its net assets may be included in the financial statement of the Parent if (A) an appropriate notation is made on such consolidated financial
statements of the Parent to indicate the separateness of the Company from the Parent and to indicate that the Companys assets and credit are not available to satisfy the debts and obligations of the Parent and (B) such assets are also
listed on the Companys own separate balance sheet; (iii) hold itself out to the public and all other Persons as a legal entity separate from any other Person; (iv) [reserved]; (v) file its own Tax returns, except to the extent
that the Company is treated as a disregarded entity for Tax purposes and is not required to file any Tax returns under Applicable Law, and pay any Taxes so required to be paid under Applicable Law (solely from its own assets), except for
those Taxes being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and in respect of which the Company has established proper reserves on its books in accordance with GAAP; (vi) not commingle its assets with assets of any other Person;
(vii) conduct its business in its own name and comply with all organizational formalities to maintain its separate existence; (viii) maintain separate financial statements; (ix) pay its own liabilities only out of its own funds;
(x) maintain an arms-length relationship with the Parent and each of its other Affiliates; (xi) not hold out its credit or assets as being available to satisfy the obligations of others; (xii) allocate fairly and reasonably any
overhead expenses that are shared with an Affiliate, including for shared office space; (xiii) use separate stationery, invoices and checks; (xiv) except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, not pledge its assets as security for the
obligations of any other Person; (xv) correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity; (xvi) maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purpose, transactions and liabilities and pay its operating
expenses and liabilities from its own assets; (xvii) not acquire the obligations or any securities of its Affiliates; (xviii) cause the managers, officers, agents and other representatives of the Company to act at all times with respect to
the Company consistently and in furtherance of the foregoing and in the best interests of the Company; and (xix) maintain at least one special member, who, upon the dissolution of the sole member or the withdrawal or the disassociation of the sole
member from the Company, shall immediately become the member of the Company in accordance with its organizational documents. 

- 68 - 

(b) shall not (i) engage, directly or indirectly, in any business, other than the
actions required or permitted to be performed under the preceding clause (a) including, other than with respect to any warrants received in connection with a Portfolio Investment, controlling the decisions or actions respecting the daily
business or affairs of any other Person except as otherwise permitted hereunder (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not prohibit it from taking, or refraining to take, any action under or with respect to a Portfolio Investment); (ii) fail
to be Solvent; (iii) release, sell, transfer, convey or assign any Portfolio Investment unless in accordance with the Loan Documents; (iv) except for capital contributions or capital distributions permitted under the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and properly reflected on its books and records, enter into any transaction with any of its Affiliates except on commercially reasonable terms similar to those available to unaffiliated parties in an arms-length transaction;
(v) identify itself as a department or division of any other Person; or (vi) own any material asset or property other than the Collateral and the related assets and incidental personal property necessary for the ownership or operation of
these assets. 

(c) shall take all actions consistent with and shall not take any action contrary to the The Transactions
sections in the opinions of Winston & Strawn LLP, dated the date hereof, relating to certain true sale and non-consolidation matters; 

(d) shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Loan
Documents, (ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (iii) if applicable, the obligation to make future
payments under any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan; 

(e) shall comply with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions
and shall maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by it and its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, managers, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions;

(f) shall not amend (1) any of its constituent documents or (2) any document to which it is a party in any manner that would
reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect, without, in each case, the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; 

(g) shall not (A) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Agreement or any grant hereunder to be impaired, or permit the Lien of this
Agreement to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations with respect to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Advances, except as may be expressly
permitted hereby, (B) permit any Lien to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Collateral or any part thereof, any interest therein or the proceeds thereof, in each case, other than Permitted Liens or (C) take
any action that would cause the Lien of this Agreement not to constitute a valid perfected security interest in the Collateral that is of first priority, free of any adverse claim or the legal equivalent thereof, as applicable, except for Permitted
Liens; 

(h) shall not enter into any hedge agreement; 

- 69 - 

(i) shall not change its name, identity or corporate or limited liability company structure
in any manner that would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed by it (or by the Collateral Agent on behalf of it) in accordance with Section 2.04(g) materially misleading or change its jurisdiction of organization,
formation, registration or incorporation, unless the Company shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent at least thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof, and shall promptly file, or authorize the filing of,
appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements and continuation statements (and shall provide a copy of such amendments to the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent together with written confirmation to the effect that
all appropriate amendments or other documents in respect of previously filed statements have been filed); 

(j) shall do or cause to be done
all things reasonably necessary to (i) preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence as a limited liability company, limited partnership or corporation, as applicable, and take all reasonable action to maintain its rights,
franchises, licenses and permits material to its business in the jurisdiction of its formation and (ii) qualify and remain qualified as a limited liability company, limited partnership or corporation, as applicable, in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which such qualification is necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of the Loan Documents or any of the Collateral; 

(k) shall comply with (A) all Applicable Law (whether statutory, regulatory or otherwise), except where the failure to do so, individually
or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (B) with respect to the performance of its respective obligations or the exercise of its respective rights, any applicable conflicts procedure set
forth in its constituent documents, including its limited liability company agreement or portfolio management agreement, as applicable; 

(l) shall not merge into or consolidate with any Person or dissolve, terminate or liquidate in whole or in part, in each case, without the
prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; 

(m) except for Investments permitted by Section 6.02(u)(C) and without the
prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, shall not form, or cause to be formed, any Subsidiaries; or make or suffer to exist any Loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, or make any investments (by way of transfer of property,
contributions to capital, purchase of stock or securities or evidences of indebtedness, acquisition of the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except investments as otherwise permitted herein and pursuant to the
other Loan Documents; 

(n) shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that (i) its and the Parents affairs are
conducted so that its and the Parents underlying assets do not constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules, (ii) neither it nor the Parent sponsors, maintains, contributes to or is required to contribute
to, or has any direct liability with respect to, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, and (iii) no ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes to or is required to contribute to or has any liability with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan
which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(o) except for the security interest granted hereunder and as
otherwise permitted hereunder, shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on the Collateral or any interest therein (other than Permitted Liens), and it shall defend
the right, title, and interest of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) and the Lenders in and to the Collateral against all claims of third parties claiming through or under it (other than Permitted Liens); 

- 70 - 

(p) 

(i) shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall furnish to the Lenders, copies of the following
financial statements, reports and information: (i) no later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such
year, the related consolidated statements of income for such year and the related consolidated statements of changes in net assets and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year;
provided, that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (i) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in the Parents annual report on Form
10-K, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available; (ii) no later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal
year), an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and including the prior comparable period (if any), and the unaudited consolidated statements of income of the Parent
and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, and the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows of the Parent and
its consolidated Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter; provided, that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause
(ii) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in the Parents quarterly report on Form 10-Q, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are
made so available; and (iii) from time to time, such other information or documents (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request; 

(ii) shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), no later than the date any financial statements
are due pursuant to Section 6.02(p)(i) or (ii) a compliance certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B (a Compliance Certificate), certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company to be true
and correct, (i) stating whether any Default or Event of Default exists; (ii) stating that the Company is in compliance with the covenants set forth in this Agreement, including a certification that the Collateral has been Delivered to the
Collateral Agent; (iii) stating that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article IV, or in any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time or in connection herewith or
therewith, are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date thereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of such earlier date; and (iv) certifying that such financial statements fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations of the Company on the dates and for the periods indicated, on
the basis of GAAP, subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normally recurring year-end adjustments; 

(q) shall pay or
discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall become delinquent, all Taxes levied or imposed upon it or upon its income, profits or property; provided that it shall not be required to pay or discharge or cause to be paid
or discharged any such Tax (i) the amount, applicability or validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which disputed amounts adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been
made or (ii) the failure of which to pay or discharge could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

- 71 - 

(r) shall permit representatives of the Administrative Agent at any time and from time to
time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, and at the Companys expense, (A) to inspect and make copies of and abstracts from its records relating to the Portfolio Investments and (B) to visit its properties in
connection with the collection, processing or managing of the Portfolio Investments for the purpose of examining such records, and to discuss matters relating to the Portfolio Investments or such Persons performance under this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents with any officer or employee or auditor (if any) of such Person having knowledge of such matters (including, if requested by the Administrative Agent, quarterly telephone conferences with representatives of the Company with
respect to review of the Portfolio Investments). The Company agrees to render to the Administrative Agent such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested with regard to the foregoing; provided that such assistance shall not
interfere in any material respect with the Companys or the Portfolio Managers business and operations. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred, such visits and inspections
shall occur only (i) upon five (5) Business Days prior written notice, (ii) during normal business hours and (iii) no more than once in any calendar year. Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or following the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, there shall be no limit on the timing or number of such inspections and only two (2) Business Days prior notice will be required before any inspection; 

(s) shall not use any part of the proceeds of any Advance, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of
the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X; 

(t) shall not make any Restricted Payments without the
prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that the Company may make Permitted Distributions and Permitted RIC Distributions subject to the other requirements of this Agreement; 

(u) shall not make or hold any Investments, except (A) the Portfolio Investments or Investments constituting Eligible Investments
(measured at the time of acquisition), (B) those that have been consented to by the Administrative Agent or (C) those the Company shall have acquired or received as a distribution in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure,
restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof; 

(v) shall not request any Advance,
and the Company shall not directly or knowingly indirectly, use, and shall procure that its directors, officers, employees and agents shall not directly or knowingly indirectly use, the proceeds of any Advance (A) in furtherance of an offer,
payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business
or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to
any party hereto; 

(w) other than pursuant to the Sale Agreement and in accordance with Section 1.04, shall not transfer to any
of its Affiliates any Portfolio Investment purchased from any of its Affiliates (other than sales to Affiliates conducted on terms and conditions consistent with those of an arms-length transaction and at fair market value); 

- 72 - 

(x) shall post on a password protected website maintained by the Administrative Agent to
which the Portfolio Manager will have access or deliver via email to the Administrative Agent, with respect to each Portfolio Investment Obligor in respect of a Portfolio Investment, without duplication of any other reporting requirements set forth
in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (i) any management discussion and analysis, (ii) any financial reporting packages (including all financial statements) and (iii) subject to confidentiality restrictions, notifications of credit
events, in each case provided by such Portfolio Investment Obligor with respect to such Portfolio Investment Obligor and the applicable Portfolio Investment (including any attached or included information, statements and calculations) promptly (and
in any event within five (5) Business Days) following the receipt thereof by the Company or the Portfolio Manager; provided that, in the case of any credit event described in the foregoing clause (iii), the Company shall post on such website
and deliver via email to the Administrative Agent notice of any such material event promptly upon obtaining knowledge thereof. The Company shall cause the Portfolio Manager to provide such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request with respect to any Portfolio Investment or Portfolio Investment Obligor (to the extent reasonably available to the Portfolio Manager), and participate in quarterly portfolio review calls with credit analysts of any Lender if requested by
such Lender; 

(y) shall not elect to be classified as other than a disregarded entity or partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
nor shall the Company take any other action or actions that would cause it to be classified, taxed or treated as a corporation or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (including transferring
interests in the Company on or through an established securities market or secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof)), within the meaning of Section 7704(b) of the Code (and Treasury Regulations thereunder); 

(z) shall only have partners or owners that are treated as U.S. Persons or that are disregarded entities owned by a U.S. Person and shall not
recognize the transfer of any interest in the Company that constitutes equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes to a Person that is not a U.S. Person; 

(aa) shall from time to time (including, without limitation, in connection with any Duration Extension Request) execute and deliver all such
supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to secure the rights and remedies
of the Secured Parties hereunder and to grant more effectively all or any portion of the Collateral, maintain or preserve the security interest (and the priority thereof) of this Agreement or to carry out more effectively the purposes hereof,
perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any grant made or to be made by this Agreement, preserve and defend title to the Collateral and the rights therein of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties in the Collateral and the
Collateral Agent against the claims of all Persons and parties, pay any and all Taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Collateral and use its commercially reasonable efforts to minimize Taxes and any other costs arising in connection
with its activities or give, execute, deliver, file and/or record any financing statement, notice, instrument, document, agreement or other papers that may be reasonably necessary or desirable to create, preserve, perfect or validate the security
interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights hereunder with respect to such pledge and security interest, and hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent and its designees to file a
UCC financing statement listing all assets of the debtor (or substantially similar language) in the collateral description of such financing statement; 

(bb) shall, upon the request of the Administrative Agent following the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company and the delivery of the
financial statements pursuant to Section 6.02(p), participate in a conference call with Lenders arranged by the Administrative Agent to provide discussion and analysis with respect to the Portfolio Investments at a time at which the
Company and the Administrative Agent mutually agree; 

- 73 - 

(cc) [reserved]; 

(dd) shall not hire any employees; 

(ee) shall not maintain any bank accounts or securities accounts other than the Collateral Accounts; 

(ff) except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, shall not cancel or terminate any of the underlying instruments in respect of a Portfolio
Investment to which it is party or beneficiary (in any capacity), or consent to or accept any cancellation or termination of any of such agreements unless (in each case) the Administrative Agent shall have consented thereto in writing in its sole
discretion; 

(gg) shall not make or incur any capital expenditures except as reasonably required to perform its functions in accordance
with this Agreement; 

(hh) shall not act on behalf of a Sanctioned Person or in a Sanctioned Country, and none of the Company, the
Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates, owners, directors or officers is a Sanctioned Person. The Company does not own and will not acquire, and the Portfolio Manager will not cause the Company to own or acquire, any security issued
by, or interest in, any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions; 

(ii) shall give notice to the Administrative Agent promptly in writing upon (and in no event later than, one (1) Business Day after in the
case of clause (2) below, and two (2) Business Days after in the case of clauses (1), (3), (4) and (5) below) acquiring actual knowledge, or upon due inquiry would have had actual knowledge, of the occurrence of any of the
following: 

(1) any Adverse Proceeding; 

(2) any Default or Event of Default; 

(3) any adverse claim asserted against any of the Portfolio Investments, the Collateral Accounts or any other Collateral; 

(4) any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to any Lender that would result
in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification; and 

(5) a Portfolio Investment which
constitutes an Eligible Investment hereunder becomes an Ineligible Investment; 

(jj) shall ensure that all Portfolio Investments
denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and all proceeds thereof are at all times deposited in or credited to a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account except to the extent that any such proceeds are transferred to another Collateral Account in
accordance with this Agreement or any such Portfolio Investment is sold in accordance with this Agreement; and 

- 74 - 

(kk) shall ensure that the Unfunded Exposure Amount shall not exceed 10% of the Collateral
Principal Amount; provided that any Unfunded Exposure Amount shall be cash collateralized as required in accordance with Section 2.03(g). 

SECTION 6.03. Amendments of Portfolio Investments, Etc. If the Company or the Portfolio Manager receives any written notice or
other written communication concerning any amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or other modification of any Portfolio Investment or any related underlying instrument or rights thereunder (each, an Amendment) with respect to any
Portfolio Investment or any related Underlying Definitive Documents, or makes any affirmative determination to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights or remedies thereunder, in each case which in the good faith and commercially reasonable
judgement of the Portfolio Manager is not solely ministerial and clerical in nature, it will give prompt (and in any event, not later than three (3) Business Days) notice thereof to the Administrative Agent. In any such event, the Company
shall exercise all voting and other powers of ownership relating to such Amendment or the exercise of such rights or remedies as the Portfolio Manager shall deem appropriate under the circumstances; provided that any amendment, supplement,
waiver or other modification of the type specified in the definition of Material Amendment shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent (and any such amendment supplement, waiver or other modification effected without
such approval shall result in such Portfolio Investment being an Ineligible Investment); provided further, that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, the Company will exercise all voting
and other powers of ownership as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) shall instruct (it being understood that if the terms of the related Underlying Definitive Documents expressly prohibit or restrict any such
rights given to the Administrative Agent, then such right shall be limited to the extent necessary so that such prohibition or restriction is not violated). In any such case, following the Companys receipt thereof, the Company shall promptly
provide to the Administrative Agent copies of all executed amendments to Underlying Definitive Documents, executed waiver or consent forms or other documents executed or delivered in connection with any Amendment.

ARTICLE VII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 7.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events (Events of Default) shall occur: 

(a) the Company shall fail to pay any amount owing by it in respect of the Secured Obligations (whether for principal, interest, fees or other
amounts) when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise and, solely in the case of amounts other than principal, interest and fees, (i) such failure
continues for a period of two (2) Business Day following such failure or (ii) in the case of a default in payment resulting solely from an administrative error or omission by the Collateral Agent, such failure continues unremedied for a
period of three (3) Business Days after such administrative error or omission; 

(b) any representation or warranty made or deemed
made by or on behalf of the Company or the Portfolio Manager, the Seller or the Parent (collectively, the Credit Risk Parties) herein or in any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or
in any report, certificate, or other document (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data, industry information or information relating to third parties) furnished pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or any
amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the
date of its purchase shall not constitute a failure) and, if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party of written notice of such
inaccuracy from the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party otherwise becoming actually aware of such inaccuracy, or upon due inquiry would have had actual knowledge; 

- 75 - 

(c) (A) the Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement
contained in Section 6.02(a)(i) through (vii), (xi), (xiv) or (xix), (b)(i) through (iv), (d), (f), (h) , (i), (l), (m), (o), (t),
(v), (w), (dd) or (hh), Section 8.02(b) or the last sentence of the first paragraph of Section 1.04 or (B) any Credit Risk Party shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, condition or agreement
contained herein (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not constitute such a failure) or in any other Loan Document and, in the case of this clause
(B), if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party of written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent and
(ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party becoming aware of such failure; 

(d) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an
involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization, administration or other relief in respect of any Credit Risk Party or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign
bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official in any jurisdiction for any Credit Risk
Party or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for forty-five (45) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

(e) any Credit Risk Party shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, provisional
liquidation, winding up, dissolution, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a
timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (d) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, liquidator, provisional
liquidator or similar official for such Credit Risk Party or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment
for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing (or any of the foregoing is otherwise commenced or deemed to be commenced); 

(f) any Credit Risk Party shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; 

(g) the passing of a resolution by the equity holders of the Company in respect of the winding up on a voluntary basis of the Company; 

(h) any final judgments or orders (not subject to appeal or otherwise non-appealable) by one or more courts of competent jurisdiction for the
payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $1,000,000 (after giving effect to insurance, if any, available with respect thereto) shall be rendered against the Company, and the same shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed
for a period of forty-five (45) days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired; 

(i) an ERISA Event occurs; 

(j) a Change of Control occurs; 

- 76 - 

(k) the Company or the pool of Collateral shall become required to register as an
investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

(l) the Portfolio Manager
(i) resigns as Portfolio Manager under this Agreement, (ii) assigns any of its obligations or duties as Portfolio Manager in contravention of the terms of this Agreement or (iii) otherwise ceases to act as Portfolio Manager in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 

(m) a LTV Default has occurred and is not remedied within either (i) one
(1) Business Day or (ii) in the event such LTV Default occurs during a Market Value Cure Period, such Market Value Cure Period; or 

(n) (i) failure of the Company to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account when required in accordance with Section 2.03(f) other than
in the case that any Lender fails to make the Advance required in accordance with Section 2.03(f), (ii) failure of the Company to satisfy its obligations in respect of unfunded obligations with respect to any Delayed Funding Term
Loan or Revolving Loan (including the payment of any amount in connection with the sale thereof to the extent required under this Agreement) or (iii) failure of the Company to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account when required in accordance with
Section 2.03(g); provided that the failure of the Company to undertake any action set forth in this clause (n)(i) or (n)(ii) is not remedied within two (2) Business Days; 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article), and at any
time thereafter in each case during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Company, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different
times: (i) terminate the Financing Commitments, and thereupon the Financing Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare all of the Secured Obligations then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case
any Secured Obligations not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the Secured Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other
obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company; and in case of any event with respect to the
Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article, the Financing Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Secured Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other
obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company. 

ARTICLE VIII 

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS;
COLLATERAL SECURITY 

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control. 

(a) Establishment and Maintenance of Collateral Accounts. The Company hereby appoints the Securities Intermediary to establish, and the
Securities Intermediary does hereby establish, each of the Principal Collection Account, Interest Collection Account, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account, the MV
Cure Account and the Unfunded Exposure Account (collectively, the Collateral Accounts); provided that it is understood and agreed that, notwithstanding the establishment of such Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts as set
forth above, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts in respect of any Permitted Non-USD Currency shall not be available for the receipt of cash and Portfolio Investments 

- 77 - 

until such time as the Securities Intermediary notifies the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in writing (including via email) that such accounts
are operational and available to receive such cash and Portfolio Investments (and neither the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Agent shall have any liability for any failure or delay in the receipt of such cash or Portfolio Investments)
(each such notice, a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening Notice). The Securities Intermediary agrees to maintain the Collateral Accounts as a securities intermediary (within the meaning of
Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC), in the name of the Company subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement. In the event any Collateral Account is re-characterized as a deposit account, the Securities Intermediary agrees to
maintain such Collateral Account as a bank (within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(8) of the UCC) (in such capacity, the Bank), in the name of the Company subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent under this
Agreement. The Securities Intermediary hereby certifies that it is a bank or trust company that in the ordinary course of business maintains securities accounts and deposit accounts for others and in that capacity has established the Collateral
Accounts. 

(b) Collateral Agent in Control of Collateral Accounts. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that (1) each
Collateral Account shall be deemed to be a securities account (within the meaning of Section 8-501(a) of the UCC), (2) all property credited to any Collateral Account shall be treated as a financial asset for purposes of
Article 8 of the UCC and (3) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Collateral Agent will be exclusively entitled to exercise the rights that comprise each financial asset credited to each Collateral Account. Except as provided in
Section 8.01(h) below, the parties hereto agree that the Securities Intermediary shall act only on entitlement orders or other instructions with respect to the Collateral Accounts originated by the Collateral Agent and no other Person
(and without further consent by any other Person); and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have exclusive control and the sole right of withdrawal over each Collateral Account. The only permitted withdrawals from the
Collateral Accounts shall be in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 

(c) Subordination of Lien, Etc. If the
Securities Intermediary has or subsequently obtains by agreement, operation of law or otherwise a security interest in any Collateral Account or any security entitlement credited thereto, the Securities Intermediary hereby agrees that such security
interest shall be subordinate to the security interest of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The property credited to any Collateral Account will not be subject to deduction, set-off, bankers lien, or any other right
in favor of any Person other than the Collateral Agent (except that the Securities Intermediary may set-off (1) all amounts due to the Securities Intermediary in respect of its customary fees and expenses for the routine maintenance and
operation of the Collateral Accounts, and (2) the face amount of any payments received by check, wire transfer, ACH or otherwise which have been credited to any Collateral Account but are subsequently returned unpaid because of uncollected or
insufficient funds). 

(d) Property Registered, Indorsed, etc. to Securities Intermediary. All securities or other property
represented by a certificated security, promissory note or an instrument underlying any financial assets credited to any Collateral Account shall be registered in the name of the Securities Intermediary, indorsed to the Securities Intermediary in
blank or credited to another securities account maintained in the name of the Securities Intermediary, and in no case will any financial asset credited to any Collateral Account be registered in the name of the Company, payable to the order of the
Company or specially indorsed to the Company except to the extent the foregoing have been specially indorsed to the Securities Intermediary or in blank. 

- 78 - 

(e) Jurisdiction; Governing Law of Collateral Accounts. The establishment and
maintenance of each Collateral Account and all interests, duties and obligations related thereto shall be governed by the law of the State of New York and the securities intermediarys jurisdiction (within the meaning of
Section 8-110 of the UCC) shall be the State of New York. As permitted by Article 4 of the Hague Convention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary (the Hague Convention),
the parties hereto agree that the law of the State of New York shall govern each Securities Account and the issues specified in Article 2(1) of the Hague Convention. The provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall be construed as an
amendment to any other account agreement governing any Securities Account. Terms used in this Section 8.01 without definition have the meanings given to them in the UCC. 

(f) No Duties. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Securities Intermediary shall not have any additional duties under
this Agreement other than those expressly set forth in this Section 8.01, and the Securities Intermediary shall satisfy those duties expressly set forth in this Section 8.01 so long as it acts without gross negligence, fraud,
reckless disregard or willful misconduct. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Securities Intermediary shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, and the Securities Intermediary shall not have any duty to take
any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers. The Securities Intermediary shall be subject to all of the rights, protections and immunities given to the Collateral Agent hereunder, including indemnities. In the event the Securities
Intermediary receives instructions from the Company to effect a securities transaction as contemplated in 12 CFR 12.1, the Company acknowledges that upon its written request and at no additional cost, it has the right to receive the notification
from the Securities Intermediary after the completion of such transaction as contemplated in 12 CFR 12.4(a) or (b). The Company agrees that, absent specific request, such notifications shall not be provided by the Securities Intermediary hereunder,
and in lieu of such notifications, the Securities Intermediary shall make available periodic account statements in the manner required by this Agreement. 

(g) Ownership of Collateral Accounts; Tax Forms. For the avoidance of doubt, each Collateral Account (including income, if any, earned
on the investments of funds in such Collateral Account) will be owned by the Company, for federal income tax purposes. The Company is required to provide to the Securities Intermediary (i) an IRS Form W-9 or appropriate IRS Form W-8 no later
than the date of this Agreement, and (ii) any additional IRS forms (or updated versions of any previously submitted IRS forms) or other documentation at such time or times required by Applicable Law or upon the reasonable request of the
Securities Intermediary as may be necessary (x) to reduce or eliminate the imposition of U.S. withholding taxes and (y) to permit the Securities Intermediary to fulfill its tax reporting obligations under Applicable Law with respect to the
Collateral Accounts or any amounts paid to the Company. If any IRS form or other documentation previously delivered becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, the Company shall timely provide to the Securities Intermediary accurately updated and
complete versions of such IRS forms or other documentation. The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, both in its individual capacity and in its capacity as Securities Intermediary, shall have no liability to the Company or
any other person in connection with any tax withholding amounts paid or withheld from the Collateral Accounts pursuant to Applicable Law arising from the Companys failure to timely provide an accurate, correct and complete IRS Form W-9 or an
appropriate IRS Form W-8, as applicable, or such other documentation contemplated under this paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, no funds shall be invested with respect to such Collateral Accounts absent the Securities Intermediary having first
received the IRS forms and other documentation required by this paragraph. 

(h) Investment of Funds on Deposit in the Unfunded Exposure
Account. All amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested (and reinvested) at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in Eligible Investments;
provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following a Market Value Event, all amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account 

- 79 - 

shall be invested, reinvested and otherwise disposed of at the written direction of the Administrative Agent delivered to the Collateral Agent. In the absence of any such written direction from
the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, in accordance with this paragraph, amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall remain uninvested. Income earned on such Eligible
Investments shall be deposited into the Interest Proceeds Account. 

(i) Unfunded Exposure Account.

(i) Amounts may be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account from time to time in accordance with Section 4.05.
Amounts shall also be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account as set forth in Section 2.03(f) or Section 2.03(g). 

(ii) While no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred and subject to
satisfaction of the Borrowing Base Test (after giving effect to such release), the Portfolio Manager may direct, by means of an instruction in writing to the Securities Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator and which instruction
shall be deemed to constitute a certification that the aforementioned conditions have been satisfied), the release of funds on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account (i) for the purpose of funding the Companys unfunded commitments with
respect to Delayed Funding Term Loans and Revolving Loans, for deposit into the Principal Collection Account and (ii) so long as no Unfunded Exposure Shortfall exists or would exist after giving effect to the withdrawal. Following the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, at the written direction of the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) (with a copy to the Collateral
Administrator), the Securities Intermediary shall transfer all amounts in the Unfunded Exposure Account to the Principal Collection Account to be applied pursuant to Section 4.05. Upon the direction of the Company by means of an
instruction in writing to the Securities Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent), any amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account in excess of outstanding funding
obligations of the Company shall be released to the Principal Collection Account to prepay the outstanding Advances. 

SECTION 8.02.
Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery. 

(a) Grant of Security Interest. As collateral security for the prompt payment in
full when due of all the Companys obligations to the Agents, the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary (collectively, the Secured Parties) under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
(collectively, the Secured Obligations), the Company hereby pledges to the Collateral Agent and grants a continuing security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent in all of the Companys right, title and interest in, to
and under (in each case, whether now owned or existing, or hereafter acquired or arising) all accounts, payment intangibles, general intangibles, chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, instruments, deposit accounts, letter-of-credit rights,
investment property, and any and all other property of any type or nature owned by it (all of the property described in this clause (a) being collectively referred to herein as Collateral), including, without
limitation: (1) each Portfolio Investment, (2) all of the Companys interests in the Collateral Accounts and all investments, obligations and other property from time to time credited thereto, (3) the Sale Agreement, any other
Loan Document and all rights related to each such agreement, (4) all other property of the Company and (5) all proceeds thereof, all accessions to and substitutions and replacements for, any of the foregoing, and all rents, profits and
products of any thereof. 

- 80 - 

(b) Delivery and Other Perfection. In furtherance of the collateral arrangements
contemplated herein, the Company shall (1) Deliver to the Collateral Agent the Collateral hereunder as and when acquired by the Company; (2) if any of the securities, monies or other property pledged by the Company hereunder are received
by the Company, forthwith take such action as is reasonably necessary to ensure the Collateral Agents continuing perfected security interest in such Collateral (including Delivering such securities, monies or other property to the Collateral
Agent); and (3) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Collateral Agent, at the expense of the Company, legal opinions from Winston & Strawn LLP or other
counsel reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as to the perfection and priority of the Collateral Agents security interest in any of the Collateral. 

(c) Remedies, Etc. During the period in which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent shall
(but only if and to the extent directed in writing by the Required Lenders) do any of the following: 

(i) Exercise in respect of the Collateral, in
addition to other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it, all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Collateral) and also may, without notice except as
specified below, sell the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any of the Collateral Agents or its designees offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and upon such
other terms as the Collateral Agent or a designee of the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) may deem commercially reasonable. The Company agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least
ten (10) calendar days prior notice to the Company of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to
make any sale of the Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Collateral Agent or its designee may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may,
without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned; 

(ii) Transfer all or any part of the Collateral into the name of the
Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent, as applicable, or a nominee thereof; 

(iii) Enforce collection of any of the Collateral by suit or otherwise,
and surrender, release or exchange all or any part thereof, or compromise or extend or renew for any period (whether or not longer than the original period) any obligations of any nature of any party with respect thereto; 

(iv) Endorse any checks, drafts, or other writings in the Companys name to allow collection of the Collateral; 

(v) Take control of any proceeds of the Collateral; 

(vi)
Execute (in the name, place and stead of any of the Company) endorsements, assignments, stock powers and other instruments of conveyance or transfer with respect to all or any of the Collateral; and/or 

(vii) Perform such other acts as may be reasonably required to do to protect the Collateral Agents or Administrative Agents rights and interest
hereunder. 

(d) Compliance with Restrictions. The Company and the Portfolio Manager agree that in any sale of any of the Collateral
whenever an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent or its designee are hereby authorized to comply with any limitation or restriction in connection with such sale as it may be advised by counsel in writing is
necessary in order to 

- 81 - 

avoid any violation of Applicable Law (including compliance with such procedures as may restrict the number of prospective bidders and purchasers, require that such prospective bidders and
purchasers have certain qualifications, and restrict such prospective bidders and purchasers to Persons who will represent and agree that they are purchasing for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale of
such Collateral), or in order to obtain any required approval of the sale or of the purchaser by any governmental regulatory authority or official, and the Company and the Portfolio Manager further agree that such compliance shall not, in and of
itself, result in such sale being considered or deemed not to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner, nor shall the Collateral Agent be liable or accountable to the Company or the Portfolio Manager for any discount allowed by the reason
of the fact that such Collateral is sold in good faith compliance with any such limitation or restriction. 

(e) Private Sale. The
Collateral Agent shall incur no liability as a result of a sale of the Collateral, or any part thereof, at any private sale pursuant to clause (c) above conducted in a commercially reasonable manner. The Company and the Portfolio Manager
hereby waive any claims against each Agent and Lender arising by reason of the fact that the price at which the Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale. 

(f) Collateral Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. The Company hereby appoints the Collateral Agent as the Companys
attorney-in-fact (it being understood that the Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations of the Company by this appointment), with full authority in the place and stead of the Company and in the name of the Company,
from time to time in the Collateral Agents discretion (exercised at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the case may be), after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to
take any action and to execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement. The Company hereby acknowledges, consents and agrees that the power of
attorney granted pursuant to this clause is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement and is coupled with an interest. 

(g) Further
Assurances. The Company covenants and agrees that, from time to time upon the request of the Collateral Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent), the Company will execute and deliver such further documents, and do such other acts and
things as the Collateral Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request in order fully to effect the purposes of this Agreement and to protect and preserve the priority and validity of the security interest granted hereunder
or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with respect to any Collateral; provided that no such document may alter the rights and protections afforded to the Company or the Portfolio Manager
herein. 

(h) Termination. Upon the payment in full of all Secured Obligations and termination of the Financing Commitments, the
security interest granted herein shall automatically (and without further action by any party) terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Company. Upon notice of any such termination by the Company, the Collateral Agent will, at
the Companys direction and sole expense, deliver to the Company, or cause the Securities Intermediary to deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates and instruments representing or
evidencing all of the Collateral held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Company or its nominee such documents as the Company shall reasonably request to evidence such termination. 

- 82 - 

(i) Release of Security Interest upon Disposition of Collateral. Upon any sale,
transfer or other disposition of any Collateral (or portion thereof) that is permitted hereunder, the security interest granted hereunder in such Loan or other Collateral (or the portion thereof which has been sold or otherwise disposed of) shall,
immediately upon the sale or other disposition of such Loan or other Collateral (or such portion) and without any further action on the part of the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party, be released. Upon any such release, the Collateral Agent
will deliver to the Company, or cause the Securities Intermediary to deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates and instruments representing or evidencing all of the Collateral held by the
Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Company or its nominee such documents, in each case at the sole cost of the Company and as the Company shall reasonably request to evidence such release. Any such instruction (which
shall include any borrower order, trade ticket or any other direction) shall be deemed to constitute a certification from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) that all conditions to such sale, transfer or disposition have been
complied with. 

ARTICLE IX 

THE AGENTS 

SECTION 9.01.
Appointment of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (each, an Agent and collectively, the
Agents) as its agent and authorizes such Agents to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, each Agent and each Lender hereby agree that no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral hereunder, it being understood and agreed that all
powers, rights and remedies hereunder with respect to the Collateral shall be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties at the direction of the Administrative Agent. 

Each financial institution serving as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender (if applicable) as
any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and such financial institution and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Company as if it were not an
Agent hereunder. 

None of the Agents, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall have any duties or obligations
except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) no Agent shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) no
Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except that the foregoing shall not limit any duty expressly set forth in this Agreement to
include such rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by (i) in the case of the Collateral Agent (A) in respect of the exercise of remedies under
Section 8.02(c), the Required Lenders, or (B) in all other cases, the Administrative Agent or (ii) in the case of any Agent, the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be necessary under the
circumstances as provided herein), and (c) except as expressly set forth herein, no Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any
information relating to the Company that is communicated to or obtained by the financial institution serving in the capacity of such Agent (except insofar as provided to it as Agent hereunder) or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. No Agent, the
Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct or with the consent or at the request or direction of the Administrative
Agent (in the case of the Collateral Administrator, the 

- 83 - 

Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Agent only) or the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders that shall be permitted herein to direct such action or forbearance).
None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be deemed to have knowledge of any matter (including any Default, Event of Default, Market Value Event or Market Value Cure Failure) or failure of the
Borrowing Base Test unless and until a Responsible Officer has received written notice thereof from the Company, a Lender or the Administrative Agent. Delivery of reports or information, other than such reports or documents directly addressed to the
Collateral Agent, or expressly required to be delivered by the Collateral Agent (if prepared by the Collateral Agent acting in such capacity), shall not constitute constructive knowledge or notice of any condition without formal notice. None of the
Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in
connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document or electronic communication delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants,
agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, value or sufficiency of this Agreement, any other agreement, instrument or document or the
Collateral, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable. None of
the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be required to risk or expend its own funds in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder if it reasonably believes
it will not receive reimbursement therefor hereunder. Without limitation to the immediately preceding sentence, none of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator nor the Securities Intermediary shall be required to take any action under this
Agreement or any other Loan Document if taking such action (A) would subject such Person to Tax in any jurisdiction where it is not then subject to Tax, or (B) would require such person to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where
it is not then so qualified. 

Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary shall be entitled to rely upon, and
shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, direction, opinion, document, electronic communication or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by
the proper Person. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for
relying thereon. Any electronically signed document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized officer shall be considered signed or executed by such authorized officer on behalf of the applicable Person Each Agent, the
Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it
in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

In the event the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
or the Collateral Administrator shall receive conflicting instruction from the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, the instruction of the Required Lenders shall govern. Neither the Collateral Administrator nor the Collateral Agent shall
have any duties or obligations under or in respect of any other agreement (including any agreement that may be referenced herein) to which it is not a party, nor shall the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Agent
be chargeable with knowledge of any of the terms of conditions of any such agreement. The grant of any permissive right or power to the Collateral Agent hereunder shall not be construed to impose a duty to act. The Collateral Agent may rely upon
instructions and information provided by (i) the Administrative Agent as if provided by the Required Lenders directly and (ii) the Portfolio Manager as if provided by the Company directly. 

- 84 - 

It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that none of the Collateral Administrator, the
Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for, and shall not be under any duty to monitor or determine the Market Value (or any other characteristic) of any Portfolio Investment, compliance with the Eligibility Criteria
or the Concentration Limitations or the conditions to any purchase, sale or disposition hereunder in any instance, to determine if the conditions of Deliver have been satisfied or otherwise to monitor or determine compliance by any other
Person with the requirements of this Agreement. 

Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary may perform any
and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. No Agent nor the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the
part of any sub-agent or attorney appointed by such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary with due care. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary and any such sub-agent may perform any and
all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and its Affiliates (the Related Parties) for such Agent,
the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of each Agent, the Collateral Administrator or and Securities
Intermediary and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the
Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be. 

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor as provided in
this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Administrative Agent may resign at any time upon 30 days notice to each other agent, the Lenders, the Portfolio Manager and the
Company. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after
the retiring Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Administrative Agent, as applicable (each, a Retiring Agent), gives notice of its resignation, then the Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the
Lenders, appoint a successor (with, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Company not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) which shall be a financial institution with an office in New York,
New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Administrative Agent and shall have accepted such appointment within sixty (60) days after the Retiring Agent gives notice of its
resignation, such agent may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the
case may be, hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the Retiring Agent, and the Retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder.
After the Retiring Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such Retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in
respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be. 

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral
Agent and the Securities Intermediary may be removed at any time with 30 days notice by the Company (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent), with notice to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary, the Lenders and the Portfolio Manager; provided that, if no successor has been appointed 

- 85 - 

by the Administrative Agent and accepted such appointment within sixty (60) days after the Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary, as applicable, is removed, such Agent,
Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary, as applicable, may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor. Upon any such removal, the Company shall have the right (with the written consent of the
Administrative Agent) to appoint a successor to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and/or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable. If no successor to any such Person shall have been so appointed by the Company and shall have
accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice of removal by the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and/or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable (each, a Removed Agent), then
the Administrative Agent may appoint a successor (with, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Company not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) which shall be a financial institution with an
office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder by a successor, such
successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the Removed Agent, and the Removed Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After the Removed Agents removal
hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such Removed Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be
taken by any of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be. 

Any corporation or association into which the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator may be merged or
converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or association resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be a party,
shall be the successor of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator as applicable hereunder, and shall succeed to all of the rights, powers and duties of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or
the Collateral Administrator (as applicable) hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. In addition, any corporation or association to which the Collateral Agent or the
Collateral Administrator transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business shall be the successor of the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator as applicable hereunder, and shall succeed to all of the rights, powers and
duties of the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. 

Upon the request of the Company or the Administrative Agent or the successor agent, such retiring or removed agent shall, upon payment of its
charges then unpaid, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor agent all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring or removed agent, and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor agent all property and
money held by such retiring or removed agent hereunder. Upon request of any such successor agent, the Company and the Administrative Agent shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor
agent all such rights, powers and trusts. 

Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any
other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any
Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under
or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

- 86 - 

Anything in this Agreement notwithstanding, in no event shall any Agent, the Collateral
Administrator or the Securities Intermediary be liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including lost profits), even if such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary,
as the case may be, has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

Each Agent, the Securities Intermediary
and the Collateral Administrator shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or officers of such Agent or the Collateral Administrator, unless it shall be conclusively determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction that such Agent or the Collateral Administrator was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 

Each Agent, the
Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator shall not be responsible for the accuracy or content of any certificate, statement, direction or opinion furnished to it in connection with this Agreement. 

Each Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts stated in
any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, consent, order, approval, bond, electronic communication or other document or have any responsibility for preparing, filing or recording any financing or continuation statement in
any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest or lien granted to it hereunder. 

None of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be responsible for delays or failures in performance
resulting from acts beyond its control. Such acts include but are not limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots and acts of war. In connection with any payment, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral
Administrator are entitled to rely conclusively on any instructions provided to them by the Administrative Agent. 

Before the Collateral
Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator acts or refrains from acting, it may require, and may conclusively rely on, a certificate (which may be constituted by written directions provided in accordance with this Agreement) of an
officer of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such
certificate. 

The Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator may, from time to time, request that the parties
hereto deliver a certificate (upon which the Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator may conclusively rely) setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified
actions pursuant to this Agreement or any related document together with a specimen signature of such authorized officers and the Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to conclusively rely on the
then current certificate until receipt of a superseding certificate. 

In order to comply with laws, rules, regulations and executive
orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering (Applicable Bank Law), the entity serving as Collateral Agent, Securities
Intermediary or Collateral Administrator is required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with such entity. Accordingly,

- 87 - 

each of the parties agrees to provide to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator upon its reasonable request from time to time such identifying
information and documentation as may be available for such party in order to enable the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator to comply with Applicable Bank Law. 

The rights, protections and immunities given to the Agents in this Section 9.01, Section 9.02(c) and Section 9.02(j)
shall likewise be available and applicable to the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator. 

SECTION 9.02. Additional
Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator. 

(a) Collateral Agent May Perform. The Collateral
Agent shall from time to time take such action (at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders) for the maintenance, preservation or protection of any of the Collateral or of its security interest therein and the
Administrative Agent may direct the Collateral Agent in writing to take any action incidental thereto; provided that with respect to actions which are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Collateral Agent hereunder, the
Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting) upon the written direction of the
Administrative Agent; provided further that.in each case the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to take any such action in the absence of such direction and shall have no obligation to comply with any such direction if it reasonably
believes that the same (1) is contrary to Applicable Law or (2) is reasonably likely to subject the Collateral Agent to any loss, liability, cost or expense, unless the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the case may be,
issuing such instruction provides indemnification or otherwise make provision reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent for payment of same. The Collateral Agent shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it
in accordance with such direction. In absence of such direction with respect to any action or inaction, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such action unless and until the Collateral Agent shall have received such direction, and
the Collateral Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. 

If, in performing its respective duties under
this Agreement, the Collateral Agent or Collateral Administrator, as applicable, is required to decide between alternative courses of action, such Collateral Agent or Collateral Administrator shall request written instructions from the
Administrative Agent as to the course of action desired by it. The Collateral Agent or Collateral Administrator, as applicable, shall be entitled to rely on the advice of legal counsel and independent accountants selected with due care in performing
its respective duties hereunder. 

(b) Custody and Preservation. The Collateral Agent is required to hold in the custody and
preserve any of the Collateral in its possession pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the standard of care set forth herein; provided that the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have complied with the terms of this Agreement with
respect to the custody and preservation of any of the Collateral if it takes such action as the Company reasonably requests (or, following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default, as the Administrative Agent reasonably requests), but failure of the Collateral Agent to comply with any such request at any time shall not itself be deemed a failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement. Neither the Collateral Agent
nor the Collateral Administrator will be responsible for filing any financing statements or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the
perfection of any liens thereon. 

- 88 - 

(c) Collateral Agent Not Liable. Except to the extent arising from the gross
negligence, willful misconduct, criminal conduct, fraud or reckless disregard of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall not be liable by reason of its compliance with the terms of this Agreement with respect to (1) the investment of
funds held thereunder in Eligible Investments (other than for losses attributable to the Collateral Agents failure to make payments on investments issued by the Collateral Agent, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not as
collateral agent, in accordance with their terms) or (2) losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any Eligible Investment prior to its stated maturity. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for any act or omission of the
Company, the Lenders party hereto, the Securities Intermediary, the Administrative Agent or any other person, and absent written notice to a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent to the contrary, the Collateral Agent may assume that such
person is in compliance with its obligations under this Agreement or any other document related to this transaction. The Collateral Agent and its Affiliates shall be permitted to receive additional compensation that could be deemed to be in such
Agents economic self-interest for (1) serving as investment adviser, administrator, shareholder, servicing agent, custodian or sub-custodian with respect to certain of the Eligible Investments, (2) using Affiliates to effect transactions
in certain Eligible Investments, and (3) effecting transactions in certain investments. Such compensation shall not be considered an amount that is reimbursable or payable pursuant to this Agreement. It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that
the Collateral Agent is not guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to the Portfolio Investments or other Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible or
chargeable with knowledge of or responsible for any terms or conditions contained in any Loan Document (or any other agreement) to which it is not a party. 

(d) Certain Rights and Obligations of the Collateral Agent. Without further consent or authorization from any Lenders, the Collateral
Agent may execute any documents or instruments necessary to release any lien encumbering any item of Collateral that is the subject of a sale or other disposition of assets permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise permitted or required hereunder
or to which the Required Lenders have otherwise consented. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event of a foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, any Agent or
Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Lenders (but not any Lender in its individual capacity unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree),
shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations as a credit on account of the
purchase price for any Collateral payable by the purchaser at such sale. 

(e) Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary and Collateral
Administrator Fees and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator such fees as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the
Collateral Administrator and the Portfolio Manager, may agree in writing, subject to the Priority of Payments. The Company further agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator, or reimburse the
Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator for paying, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys fees, in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the
transactions contemplated hereby, subject to the Priority of Payments. 

(f) Execution by the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator. The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator are executing this Agreement solely in their capacity as Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary and Collateral
Administrator hereunder and in no event shall have any obligation to make any Advance, provide any Advance or perform any obligation of the Administrative Agent hereunder. 

- 89 - 

(g) Reports by the Collateral Administrator. The Company hereby appoints The Bank of
New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association as Collateral Administrator and directs the Collateral Administrator to prepare the reports substantially in the form reasonably agreed by the Company, the Collateral Administrator and the
Administrative Agent, which shall include daily position and cash flow reports with respect to the Portfolio Investments. The Company and the Portfolio Manager shall cooperate with the Collateral Administrator in connection with the matters
described herein, including calculations relating to the reports contemplated herein or as otherwise reasonably requested hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall supply
in a timely fashion any determinations, designations, classifications or selections made by it relating to a Portfolio Investment, including in connection with the acquisition or disposition thereof, and any information maintained by it that the
Collateral Administrator may from time to time reasonably request with respect to the Portfolio Investment and reasonably need to complete the reports required to be prepared by the Collateral Administrator hereunder or reasonably required to permit
the Collateral Administrator to perform its obligations hereunder. The Collateral Administrator shall deliver a draft of each such report to the Portfolio Manager and the Portfolio Manager shall review, verify and approve the contents of the
aforesaid reports. To the extent any of the information in such reports conflicts with data or calculations in the records of the Portfolio Manager, the Portfolio Manager shall notify the Collateral Administrator of such discrepancy and use
reasonable efforts to assist the Collateral Administrator in reconciling such discrepancy. 

(h) Neither the Collateral Agent nor the
Collateral Administrator shall have any obligation to determine or calculate any Net Asset Value, the Borrowing Base Test, the Unfunded Exposure Amount, the Unfunded Exposure Shortfall or any Market Value and shall be entitled to conclusively rely
upon such amounts as reported by the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent. The Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon information provided by the
Administrative Agent with respect to the determination of all interest, fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable to the Lenders and the calculation of each Benchmark, Reference Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate and any Base Rate or Benchmark
Replacement. 

(i) None of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be under any obligation
(i) to monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of any Benchmark, Term SOFR Reference Rate or Reference Rate including, without limitation, any screen rate for Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, or whether
or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of, any Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark Replacement Date, or Benchmark Unavailability Period, (ii) to select, determine or designate any Base
Rate, Benchmark Replacement, or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or
other modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) to determine whether or what Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. None of the Collateral Agent, the
Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement as a result of the unavailability of any Benchmark, Term SOFR Reference
Rate or Reference Rate including, without limitation, any screen rate for Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the Base Rate or any Benchmark Replacement, and absence of a designated replacement Benchmark Replacement, including as a
result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including, without limitation, the Administrative Agent, the Company, the Portfolio Manager or the Required Lenders, in providing any direction,
instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. 

- 90 - 

(j) Information Provided to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator.
Without limiting the generality of any terms of this Section, neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative
Agent, the Company or the Required Lenders to provide accurate and complete information on a timely basis to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with the terms of
this Agreement, and, absent gross negligence, willful misconduct, criminal conduct, fraud or reckless disregard of the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the
performance or observance on the Collateral Agents or Collateral Administrators, as applicable, part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it,
or other failure on the part of any such other party to comply with the terms hereof. 

(k) If the Collateral Agent receives an instruction
to effect any foreign exchange transactions (which instruction shall be given at least one Business Day prior to such conversion date, or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Collateral Agent), or cannot comply with instructions without
effecting foreign exchange transactions, the Collateral Agent is authorized to enter into spot foreign exchange transactions (FX Transactions) with the Borrowers in connection with the Accounts and may provide such foreign
exchange services to the Borrowers themselves or through any BNYM Affiliates. The Collateral Agent may convert currency itself or through any BNYM Affiliate and, in those cases, the Collateral Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant BNYM
Affiliate through which currency is converted acts as principal for its own account and not as agent, advisor, broker or fiduciary on behalf of any other person and may earn revenue, including, without limitation, transaction spreads and sales
margin, that it will retain for its own account. The revenue is based on, among other things, the difference between the exchange rate assigned to the FX Transaction made under this Agreement and the rate that the Collateral Agent or any BNYM
Affiliate receives when buying or selling foreign currency for its own account. The Collateral Agent or the relevant BNYM Affiliate makes no representation that the exchange rate used or obtained for any FX Transaction under this Agreement will be
the most favorable rate that could be obtained at the time or as to the method by which that rate will be determined. The Collateral Agent or the relevant BNYM Affiliate may establish rules or limitations concerning any foreign exchange facility
made available to the Company. Any such FX Transactions will be subject to terms and conditions (the FX Terms) separately disclosed. In addition, the Collateral Agent may transmit any FX Transaction to a sub-custodian or
depository or as otherwise agreed between the applicable Borrower and the Collateral Agent. In such cases, the relevant FX Transaction may not be processed and priced as described in the FX Terms. For the purposes for this clause (k), BNYM
Affiliate means any subsidiary, affiliate or other related body corporate of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and which shall exclude any third party affiliates or other entities of whatever description which are not part of The Bank of
New York Mellon Corporation group of companies. 

SECTION 9.03. Acknowledgements of the Lenders. 

(a) Each Secured Party hereby agrees that (i) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Secured Party that the Administrative Agent has
determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Secured Party from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and
collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Secured Party (whether or not known to such Secured Party), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Secured Party shall

- 91 - 

promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was
made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Secured Party to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the
greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law,
such Secured Party shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return
of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Secured Party under this Section9.03 shall be conclusive,
absent manifest error. 

(b) Each Secured Party hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of
its Affiliates (i) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment
Notice) or (ii) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Secured Party agrees that, in each such case, or if it
otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Secured Party shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no
event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day
from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Secured Party to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

(c) The parties
hereto hereby agree that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Secured Party that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all
the rights of such Secured Party with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any obligations owed by the Company, except, in each case, to the extent such Payment is, and
solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Company for the purpose of making such Payment. 

(d) Each partys obligations under this Section 9.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent
or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, any Secured Party, the termination of the Financing Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

SECTION 9.04. Notices. The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required
Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Secured Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such
manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the
Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which the Company is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent 

- 92 - 

(whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Secured Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be
entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Secured Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the
acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so
purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid, (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one
or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Secured Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any
further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle
or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the
governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be,
irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 10.05 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such
acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Secured Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership
interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent
that Secured Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Secured Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle
exceeds the amount of Secured Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Secured Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Secured Obligations and
the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Secured Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action.
Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Secured Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide
such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the
formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. 

SECTION 9.05. Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of each Agent and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company,
the Parent or the Portfolio Manager, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

- 93 - 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of
the Plan Asset Rules) with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments or this Agreement; 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions
determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company
pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect
to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement; 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning
of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement,
(C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to
the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing
Commitments and this Agreement; or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing
between the Agent, in its so discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause
(a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as
of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of each Agent and their respective
Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company, the Parent or the Portfolio Manager, that none of the Agents, or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of
such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by
the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 

(c) Each Agent, the
Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Advances, the Financing Commitments, this
Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Advances or the Financing Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Advances or the Financing Commitments by such Lender
or (iii) may receive fees or other payments 

- 94 - 

in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including
structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting
fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 10.01. Non-Petition; Limited Recourse. Each of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral
Administrator, the Portfolio Manager and the other parties hereto (other than the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) hereby agrees not to commence, or join in the commencement of, any proceedings in any
jurisdiction for the bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation of the Company or any similar proceedings, in each case prior to the date that is one year and one day (or if longer, any applicable preference period plus one day) after the payment in full
of all amounts owing to the parties hereto. The foregoing restrictions are a material inducement for the parties hereto to enter into this Agreement and are an essential term of this Agreement. The Administrative Agent or the Company may seek and
obtain specific performance of such restrictions (including injunctive relief), including, without limitation, in any bankruptcy, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings. The Company shall promptly object to the institution of any bankruptcy,
winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings against it and take all necessary or advisable steps to cause the dismissal of any such proceeding; provided that such obligation shall be subject to the availability of funds therefor. Nothing in this
Section 10.01 shall limit the right of any party hereto to file any claim or otherwise take any action with respect to any proceeding of the type described in this Section that was instituted by the Company or against the Company by any
Person other than a party hereto. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no recourse under any obligation, covenant or
agreement of the Company or the Portfolio Manager contained in this Agreement shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, trustee, member, manager, employee or agent of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of
their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that this Agreement is
solely a corporate obligation of the Company and (with respect to the express obligations of the Portfolio Manager hereunder) the Portfolio Manager and that no personal liability whatever shall attach to or be incurred by any incorporator,
stockholder, partner, officer, director, trustee, member, manager, employee or agent of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) or any of them under or by reason of any of the
obligations, covenants or agreements of the Company or the Portfolio Manager contained in this Agreement, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability for breaches by the Company or the Portfolio Manager of any of such obligations,
covenants or agreements, either at common law or at equity, or by statute, rule or regulation, of every such incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, trustee, member, manager, employee or agent is hereby expressly waived as a condition
of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.02. Notices. All notices and other communications in
respect hereof (including, without limitation, any modifications hereof, or requests, waivers or consents hereunder) to be given or made by a party hereto shall be in writing (including by electronic mail or other electronic messaging system of .pdf
or other similar files) to the other parties hereto at the addresses for notices specified on the Transaction Schedule (or, as to any such party, at such other address as shall be 

- 95 - 

designated by such party in a notice to each other party hereto). All such notices and other communications
shall be deemed to have been duly given when (a) personally delivered, (b) in the case of a mailed notice, upon receipt, or (c) in the case of notices and communications transmitted by electronic mail or any other electronic messaging
system, upon delivery, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid. 

Each of the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities
Intermediary (BNYM) shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instruction (Instructions) given pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and delivered using
Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall provide to BNYM an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions
(Authorized Officers) and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, whenever a
person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, elects to give BNYM Instructions using Electronic Means and BNYM in its discretion elects to act upon such
Instructions, BNYMs understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, understand and agree that BNYM cannot determine the identity of the actual
sender of such Instructions and that BNYM shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate provided to BNYM have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The
Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to BNYM and that the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative
Agent, as applicable, and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys upon receipt by the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager
and the Administrative Agent, as applicable. BNYM shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from BNYMs reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or
are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable, agree: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions to BNYM,
including without limitation the risk of BNYM acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of
transmitting Instructions to BNYM and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent, as applicable; (iii) that the security
procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to notify BNYM immediately upon
learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures. Electronic Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes,
passwords and/or authentication keys issued by BNYM, or another method or system specified by BNYM as available for use in connection with its services hereunder. 

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver. No failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing
with respect to, any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 

- 96 - 

SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff. 

(a) The Company shall pay (1) all fees and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral
Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and their Related Parties, including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator, and such other local counsel as
required for the Agents, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator, collectively, in connection with the preparation and administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the
provisions hereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) (including due diligence with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby) and (2) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and the Lenders, including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary and such
other local counsel as required for all of them, and, in the case of the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary, expenses incurred by any sub-agent, sub-custodian or bailee of the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary in
connection herewith, including the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including their rights under this Section, or in connection with the Advances provided by them hereunder,
including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances. 

(b) The Company shall indemnify the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Lenders and their Related Parties
(each such Person being called an Indemnitee), against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of
outside counsel for each Indemnitee and such other local counsel as required for any Indemnitees, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (1) the execution or delivery of this
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations (including, without limitation, any breach of any representation or warranty
made by the Company or the Portfolio Manager hereunder (for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to any limitation included in any such representation or warranty relating to materiality or causing a Material Adverse Effect)) or the exercise
or enforcement of the parties thereto of their respective rights (including, without limitation, the approval or disapproval by the Administrative Agent of the acquisition of any Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement)
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (2) any Advance or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (3) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based
on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto or is pursuing or defending any such action or (4) any action taken in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the payment
of principal, interest and fees; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or its officers, directors or employees. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any
Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 

(c) To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, neither
the Company nor any Indemnitee shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against the Company or any Indemnitee, as applicable, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual
damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement, instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof. 

- 97 - 

(d) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of
its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other
obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Company against any of and all the obligations of the Company now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of
whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this clause (d) are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other
rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 

(e) This Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the repayment
of all amounts owing to the Secured Parties hereunder and, if applicable, the earlier resignation or removal of any Indemnitee. 

SECTION
10.05. Amendments. Subject to Section 3.01(h)(ii), no amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing (including, without limitation, a writing evidenced by electronic mail) and
executed by each of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Required Lenders, the Company and the Portfolio Manager; provided, however, that any amendment to this Agreement that the Administrative Agent determines in its
commercially reasonable judgment is necessary to effectuate the purposes of Section 1.04 hereof following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event and which
would not result in an increase or decrease in the rights, duties or liabilities of the Portfolio Manager or the Company shall not be required to be executed by the Portfolio Manager or the Company; provided further that the Administrative Agent may
waive any of the Eligibility Criteria and the requirements set forth in Schedule 3 or Schedule 4 in its sole discretion; providedfurther that none of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary
shall be required to execute any amendment that affects its rights, duties, protections or immunities; providedfurther that any Material Amendment shall require the prior written consent of each Lender affected thereby;
providedfurther that (i) the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Company only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any other Loan Document to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency (as
reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent), so long as such amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender or the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior written notice
(which may be by electronic mail) thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice (which may be by electronic mail) from the Required Lenders stating
that the Required Lenders object to such amendment and (ii) the Administrative Agent may (with the consent of the Required Lenders), in its sole and absolute discretion, consent to any action or omission as set forth in this Agreement and may
grant waivers, concessions and other indulgences in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.06. Successors;
Assignments. 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and each
Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Company without such consent shall be null and void) and the Portfolio Manager may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the Administrative Agent. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

- 98 - 

(b) Subject to the conditions set forth below, any Lender may assign to any other Person,
all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and the Advances at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed, it being understood that it shall not be unreasonable for the Company to withhold consent to an assignment to a Competitor) of the Administrative Agent and the Company; provided that (1) no consent of the
Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Financing Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (or any Affiliate thereof) immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment and (2) no consent of the Company shall be
required for an assignment to an assignee that is a bank, broker-dealer or insurance company; provided, further, that no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment to any Person following the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event. 

Assignments shall be subject to the following
additional conditions: (A) [reserved]; (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement; and (C) the parties to each
assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an assignment and assumption agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof below, from and after the effective date specified in each assignment and assumption the assignee
thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the
interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an assignment and assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement,
such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto as a Lender but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 5.03 and 10.04). 

The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each
assignment and assumption delivered to it and the Register. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the parties hereto shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as
a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, any Lender, the Collateral Agent and the Portfolio Manager, at any reasonable time and from
time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon its receipt of a duly completed assignment and assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment and assumption and record the
information contained therein in the Register. 

(c) Any Lender may sell participations to one or more banks, broker-dealers, insurance
companies or other entities (a Lender Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and the Advances owing to it);
provided that (1) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (2) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (3) the Company,
the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a
participation shall 

- 99 - 

provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any
amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; (4) the Administrative Agent has consented to the sale of such participation (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided that such
agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Lender Participant, agree to any Material Amendment that affects such Lender Participant and (5) other than following the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Borrower has consented to any participation that is to a Competitor.

(d) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it
enters the name and address of each Lender Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Lender Participants interest in the Advances or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant
Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Lender Participant or any information relating to a Lender Participants
interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other
obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or any successor provision. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each
Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as
Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. The Company agrees that each Lender Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01(e) and 3.03 (subject to the requirements and
limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.03(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.03(f) shall be delivered to the Lender that sells the participation)) to the same
extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Lender Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.01(f)
relating to replacement of Lenders as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01(e) and 3.03, with respect to
any participation, than the Lender that sells the participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Lender Participant acquired
the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Companys request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the replacement of Lenders provisions set forth in
Section 3.01(f) with respect to any Lender Participant. 

SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc. 

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. 

(b) Submission to Jurisdiction. Any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement (collectively,
Proceedings) shall be tried and litigated in the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City. With respect to any Proceedings, each party hereto
irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City and (ii) waives any objection which it may have at any
time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court
does not have any jurisdiction over such party. Nothing in this Agreement precludes any party hereto from bringing Proceedings to enforce any judgment against any such party arising out of or relating to this Agreement in the courts of any place
where such party or any of its assets may be found or located, nor will the bringing of such Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the bringing of such Proceedings in any other jurisdiction. 

- 100 - 

(c) Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT ON
BEHALF OF THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable
to any Advance, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Advance under Applicable Law (collectively the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum
Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Advance in accordance with Applicable Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Advance hereunder, together with all Charges
payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Advance but were not payable as a result of the operation of this
Section 10.08 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Advances or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest
thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT
Act. Each Lender and Agent that is subject to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and
record information that identifies the Company, which information includes the name and address of the Company and other information that will allow such Lender or Agent to identify the Company in accordance with the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial
Ownership Regulation. 

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts by email or other
written form of communication, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against the party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this
Agreement by email shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words executed, execution, sign, signed, signature, and words of like import in
this Agreement or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Agreement shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif,
tiff, jpeg or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, Orbit, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any
contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system
to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other Applicable Law, including, without limitation,
any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. 

- 101 - 

By executing this Agreement, the parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree, and direct the
Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary to acknowledge and agree and the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary do hereby acknowledge and agree, that execution of this Agreement, any
instruction, order, direction, notice, for or other document executed by the any party to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents in connection with this Agreement or such other Loan Documents, by electronic signatures (whether by Adobe Sign,
DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by such party and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary) shall be permitted hereunder notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein and such electronic signatures shall be legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures. Any electronically signed document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized
officer shall be considered signed or executed by such officer on such partys behalf. The parties hereto also hereby acknowledge and agree that the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Securities Intermediary shall have no duty to
inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such electronic signature and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto. 

SECTION 10.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are
not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any
Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down
and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a)
the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(1) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(2) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such
liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(3) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

SECTION 10.13.
Confidentiality. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and each Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information until the date that is two (2) years after receipt of such Information,
except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors to the extent such Information is disclosed to such persons on a
need to know basis (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent
requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority); provided, that such regulatory authority and self-regulatory authority shall have jurisdiction over such Person, (iii) to

- 102 - 

the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, in which
case such Person agrees to inform the Company to the extent permitted by law, (iv) to any other party to this Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder, the sale of any Portfolio Investment following the
occurrence of a Market Value Event or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially
the same as those of this Section 10.13, to (x) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (other than any Competitor or any prospective
assignee to whom the Company has declined consent to the assignment thereto (to the extent such consent is otherwise required)), or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to
the Company and its obligations, (vii) with the consent of the Company, (viii) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.13 by the delivering party
or its Affiliates or (2) becomes available to any Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company or (ix) to the extent permitted or required
under this Agreement or the Account Control Agreement. For the purposes of this Section 10.13, any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.13 shall be considered to have
complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

[remainder of page intentionally blank] 

- 103 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND SPV, LLC, as Company

By 

Name: 

Title: 

MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, as Portfolio Manager

By 

Name: 

Title: 

MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, as the Parent

By 

Name: 

Title: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent

By 

Name: 

Title: 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent

By 

Name: 

Title: 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Administrator

By 

Name: 

Title: 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Securities Intermediary

By 

Name: 

Title: 

The Lenders

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender

By 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE 1 

Transaction Schedule 

1. Types of Financing Available Financing Limit

Advances Yes On and after the Effective Date and prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date: $150,000,000 (the Effective Date Financing
Commitment);

On and after the Second Amendment Effective Date and prior to
aany Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date:, $150,000,000175,000,000 (the
Second Amendment Effective Date Financing Commitment);

Subject to the satisfaction of the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Conditions, on and after (x) any Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date
pursuant to clause (y) of the definition thereof and prior to a Financing Commitment Increase Date, if any, $[ ] (which amount shall not exceed $250,000,000) and (y) the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date set forth in clause (x) of the
definition thereof and prior to a Financing Commitment Increase Date, if any, $250,000,000;

On and after a Financing Commitment Increase Date, if any, $[ ] (which amount shall not exceed $500,000,000) approved pursuant to Section 2.06.

2. Lenders Financing Commitment

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association On and after the Effective Date and prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date: $150,000,000;

On and after the Second Amendment Effective Date and prior to
athe Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date:, $150,000,000175,000,000;

Subject to the satisfaction of the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Conditions, on and after (x) any Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date
pursuant to clause (y) of the definition thereof and prior to a Financing Commitment Increase Date, if any, $[ ] (which amount shall not exceed $250,000,000) and (y) the Scheduled Financing Commitment Increase Date set forth in clause (x) of the
definition thereof and prior to a Financing Commitment Increase Date, if any, $250,000,000;

On and after a Financing Commitment Increase Date, if any, $[ ], (which amount shall not exceed $500,000,000) approved by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.06, in each case, as reduced from time to time pursuant to Section
4.07.

3. Scheduled Termination Date: With respect to the Initial Financing Commitment and any Increased Financing Commitments, the date that is the five (5) year anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date;

With respect to any Extended Financing Commitment, the Scheduled Termination Date thereof as determined pursuant to Section 2.07;

4. Interest Rates 

Applicable Margin for Advances: With respect to interest based on the Term SOFR Rate, 2.302.20% per annum (subject to increase in
accordance with Section 3.01(b));

With respect to interest based on the Base Rate, 2.302.20% per annum (subject to increase in
accordance with Section 3.01(b)).

- 2 - 

5. Account Numbers 

Interest Collection Account: [___________]

Principal Collection Account: [___________]

MV Cure Account: [___________]

Unfunded Exposure Account: [___________]

Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest [___________]

Collection Account: 

Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal [___________]

Collection Account: 

6. Market Value Trigger: On any date of determination, the AR plus 7.5%

7. Purchases of Restricted Securities 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Portfolio Investment may constitute, at the time of initial purchase, a Restricted Security. As used herein, Restricted Security means any security
that forms part of a new issue of publicly or privately issued securities (a) with respect to which an Affiliate of any Lender that is a broker or a dealer, within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
participated in the distribution as a member of a selling syndicate or group within 30 days of the proposed purchase by the Company and (b) which the Company proposes to purchase from any such Affiliate of any Lender.

- 3 - 

Addresses for Notices 

The Company: Manulife Private Credit Fund Attn: Steve Mouzakis

SPV, LLC Email: SeniorCreditOperations@manulife.com

The Portfolio Manager: Manulife Private Credit Fund Attn: Steve Mouzakis

Email: SeniorCreditOperations@manulife.com

The Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, Attention: Nick Rapak

National Association Telephone: (302) 634-2030

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc. 

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 

3rd Floor 

Newark, Delaware 19713

with a copy to

JPMorgan Chase Bank, Attention: James Greenfield

National Association Telephone: 212-834-9340

383 Madison Ave.

New York, New York
10179 Email: james.r.greenfield@jpmorgan.com

With a copy to:

de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com

asset.managers.funds.na.credit.reporting@jpmorgan.com

The Collateral Agent; the Securities Intermediary; the Bank; the Collateral Administrator: 

The Bank of New York Mellon

Trust Company,
National

Association,

601 Travis Street, 16th Floor

Houston, Texas 77002 

Attention: Global Corporate Trust Manulife Private Credit Fund SPV, LLC

Email: Manulife.CT@bnymellon.com

JPMCB: JPMorgan Chase Bank, Attention: Nick Rapak

National Association Facsimile: (302) 634-1092

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc. 

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 

3rd Floor 

Newark, Delaware 19713 

- 4 - 

with a copy to: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, 

National Association Attention: James Greenfield

383 Madison Ave. Telephone: 212-834-9340

New York, New York 10179 

Each other Lender: The address (or facsimile number or electronic mail address) provided by it to the Administrative Agent. 

- 5 - 

SCHEDULE 2 

Contents of Notices of Acquisition 

Each
Notice of Acquisition shall include the following information for the related Portfolio Investment(s): 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, 

as Administrative Agent 

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc. 

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor 

Attention: Nick Rapak 

Email: de_custom_business@jpmorgan.com 

JPMorgan Chase Bank,
National Association, 

as Administrative Agent 

383 Madison
Avenue 

New York, New York 10179 

Attention: Brian Larocca

Email: NA_Private_Financing_Diligence@jpmorgan.com 

With a
copy to: Credit_Financing_Approvals@jpmorgan.com; and 

asset.managers.funds.na.credit.reporting@jpmorgan.com 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, 

as Lender 

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc. 

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713 

Attention: Nick Rapak 

cc: 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National
Association, as Collateral Agent 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Administrator 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is hereby made
to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2024 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified form time to time, the Agreement), among Manulife Private Credit Fund SPV, LLC, as
borrower (the Company), Manulife Private Credit Fund, as the parent (in such capacity, the Parent) and as portfolio manager (in such capacity, Portfolio Manager), JPMorgan Chase Bank, National
Association, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent), the lenders party thereto and the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Agreement, the Portfolio Manager hereby requests approval for the Company to
acquire the following Portfolio Investment(s):1

Fund

Issuer / Obligor

Jurisdiction

Identifier (LoanX; CUSIP)

Requested Notional Amount

Asset Class

Current Pay (Y/N)

Syndication Type

Lien

Tranche Size

Price

Spread / Coupon

Base Rate

Floor

Maturity

GICSMoodys Industry

LTM EBITDA (In Millions)

LTM Capital Expenditures (in Millions)

Leverage Through Tranche (Net)

Currency Type

Spot Rate

Security Identifier

Security Description

Financial Covenants

Quantity

Governing Law

To the extent available to the Company or the Portfolio Manager, we have included herewith (1) copies of
the material underlying instruments (including, in the case of a Loan, the final credit agreement, the collateral and security documents and, in each case, any amendments thereto) relating to each such Portfolio Investment, (2) audited
financial statements for the previous most recently ended three years of the Portfolio Investment Obligor of each such Portfolio Investment to the extent available, or alternatively, a quality of earnings report prepared by an accredited accounting
firm, (3) quarterly statements for the previous most recently ended four fiscal quarters of the Portfolio Investment Obligor of each such Portfolio Investment (if available), (4) pro forma financial statements for the applicable one year
period, if available (and for any longer period to the extent so prepared), (5) any appraisal or valuation reports conducted by third parties in connection with the proposed investment by the Company, (6) applicable proof of
existence details (if requested by the Administrative Agent), (7) full and final investment committee memo (subject to redactions for confidential information as reasonably determined by the Company), (8) forecasted financials for
the applicable succeeding one year period, if available (and for any longer period to the extent so prepared) and (9) any other documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to the extent prepared, available to the Company or the
Portfolio Manager and permitted to be shared (subject to redactions for confidential information as reasonably determined by the Company). The Portfolio Manager acknowledges that it will provide such other information from time to time reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent. 

1 

Company to complete as applicable. 

- 2 - 

We hereby certify that all conditions to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment(s) set
forth in Section 1.03 of the Agreement are satisfied. 

Very truly yours,

MANULIFE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT

PRIVATE MARKETS (US) LLC, as Portfolio Manager

By 

Name: 

Title: 

- 3 - 

SCHEDULE 3 

Eligibility Criteria 

1. 

Such obligation is a Loan (including any Delayed Funding Term Loan, Revolving Loan, Senior Secured Loan or
Second Lien Loan) and is not (i) a security (including a Synthetic Security, a Zero-Coupon Security, a Structured Finance Obligation, a Participation Interest, a Mezzanine Obligation or, for the avoidance of doubt, any other unsecured
obligation of a Portfolio Investment Obligor), (ii) a letter of credit or an interest therein or (iii) underwritten as a real estate loan principally secured by real property. 

2. 

Such obligation does not require the making of any future advance or payment by the Company to the issuer
thereof or any related counterparty except in connection with a Delayed Funding Term Loan or a Revolving Loan in each case, denominated in an Eligible Currency. 

3. 

Such obligation is (i) eligible to be entered into by, sold or assigned to the Company and pledged to the
Collateral Agent and (ii) able to be sold by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or their respective designees (on behalf of the Company), including following the occurrence of an Event of Default or Market Value Event and, to the
extent there is an express prohibition (other than customary transfer restrictions, including (a) obtaining the consent of the obligor and/or any agent and (b) a prohibition on assignment to disqualified institutions and competitors of the
related obligor or any direct or indirect equity owner of the obligor (in each case, in a manner consistent with market practice in the relevant market as notified by the Company to the Administrative Agent; provided that the delivery of the
Underlying Definitive Documents to the Administrative Agent will constitute adequate notice of any requirements with respect to clauses (a) and (b) above)) on the pledging or transfer of such obligation, a consent from the Portfolio Investment
Obligor authorizing and consenting to the pledge or transfer of such obligation shall have been obtained. 

4. 

Such obligation is purchased at a price that is, with respect to Traded Loans, at least 75% of the par amount
of such obligation and with respect to all other obligations, at least 80% of the par amount of such obligation. 

5. 

Such obligation is denominated and payable in an Eligible Currency and is issued by a Portfolio Investment
Obligor organized in an Eligible Jurisdiction. 

6. 

It is an obligation upon which no payments are subject to deduction or withholding for or on account of any
withholding Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction unless the related Portfolio Investment Obligor is required to make gross-up payments that cover the full amount of any such withholding Taxes (subject to customary conditions to such
payments which the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Company) in its good faith reasonable judgment expects to be satisfied). 

7. 

Such obligation is not subject to an event of default (as defined in the underlying instruments for such
obligation) in accordance with its terms (including the terms of its underlying instruments after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth in the related loan agreement, but not to exceed, (a) in the case of payment defaults five
(5) Business Days, or (b) otherwise 30 days) and no Indebtedness of the Portfolio Investment Obligor thereon ranking pari passu with or senior to such obligation is in default with respect to the payment of principal or interest or
is subject to any other event of default that would trigger a default under the related loan agreement (after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth in the related loan agreement, but not to exceed, (a) in the case of payment
defaults five (5) Business Days, or (b) otherwise 30 days). 

8. 

The timely repayment of such obligation is not subject to non-credit-related risk as determined by the
Portfolio Manager in its good faith and reasonable judgment. 

9. 

It is not at the time of purchase or commitment to purchase by the Company the subject of an offer other than
an offer pursuant to the terms of which the offeror offers to acquire a debt obligation in exchange for consideration consisting solely of cash in an amount equal to or greater than the full face amount of such debt obligation plus any accrued and
unpaid interest. 

10. 

Such obligation is not an Equity Security and does not provide, on the date of acquisition by the Company, for
conversion or exchange at any time over its life into an Equity Security. 

11. 

Such obligation provides for periodic payments of interest thereon in cash at least semi-annually and does not
include any payment-in-kind or deferred or capitalized interest component. 

12. 

Such obligation will not cause the Company or the pool of Collateral to be required to register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

13. 

The Portfolio Investment has been Delivered to the Collateral Agent. 

14. 

In the case of a Portfolio Investment that is a Loan, (i) the Administrative Agent is an Eligible
Assignee (as such term, or comparable term, is defined in the documents evidencing such Portfolio Investment) and such Portfolio Investment is otherwise permitted to be entered into by, sold or assigned to the Administrative Agent (other than
customary transfer restrictions, subject to the requirements set forth in paragraph 3, above) and (ii) if the administrative agent of such Portfolio Investment is an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager, the Company shall have delivered to the
Administrative Agent in escrow an assignment agreement duly executed by the administrative agent and/or Portfolio Investment Obligor in respect of such Portfolio Investment, naming the Administrative Agent as assignee. 

- 2 - 

SCHEDULE 4 

Concentration Limitations 

The Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied on any date of determination if, in the aggregate, the Portfolio
Investments (other than any Ineligible Investments) owned (or in relation to a proposed purchase of a Portfolio Investment, proposed to be owned) by the Company comply with all the requirements set forth below: 

1. 

Portfolio Investments issued by a single Portfolio Investment Obligor and its Affiliates may not exceed (i) when a Hurdle Election is not in effect, 5% of the Collateral Principal
Amount and (ii) when a Hurdle Election is in effect, 4% of the Collateral Principal Amount. 

2. 

Not(i) When a
Hurdle Election is not in effect, not less than 95% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Senior Secured Loans (which, for the purposes of this clause shall include unitranche Loans and exclude any Second Lien Loans or First
Lien Last Out Loans, in each case as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and cash and Eligible Investments on deposit in the Collection Account as Principal Proceeds.
and (ii) when a Hurdle Election is in effect, not less than 100% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Senior Secured Loans (which, for the purposes of
this clause shall include First Lien Last Out Loans not exceeding 5% of the Collateral Principal Amount and unitranche Loans, in each case as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and cash and Eligible Investments on
deposit in the Collection Account as Principal Proceeds.

3. 

Not(i) When a
Hurdle Election is not in effect, not more than 5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments that are First Lien Last Out Loans or Second Lien
Loans and (ii) when a Hurdle Election is in effect, not more than 0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments that are Second Lien
Loans. 

4. 

The Unfunded Exposure Amount shall not exceed 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount; provided that any
Unfunded Exposure Amount shall be cash collateralized as required in accordance with Section 2.03(g). 

5. 

Portfolio Investments issued by Portfolio Investment Obligors domiciled in (x) the United States of
America may not be less than 90% of the Collateral Principal Amount or (y) any Eligible Jurisdiction other than the United States of America may constitute up to 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount. 

6. 

Not less than 90% of the Collateral Principal Amount may be denominated in U.S. Dollars and not more than 10%
of the Collateral Principal Amount may be denominated in all Permitted Non-USD Currencies in the aggregate. 

7. 

TheNot more than
20% of the Collateral Principal Amount consistingmay consist of Portfolio Investments that are issued
by Portfolio Investment Obligors that belong to the same GICSMoodys Industry Classification or GICS Sector classification may not exceed the respective percentages set forth in Schedule 6 hereto; provided that Portfolio
Investments that are issued by Portfolio Investment Obligors that belong to one Moodys Industry Classification (other than industry classification codes 11, 12, 17, 21, 22 and

30) may constitute up to 30% of the Collateral Principal Amount. As used herein, GICSMoodys Industry Classifications and GICS Sector Classifications means the industry or sector classifications set forth in Schedule 6 hereto, as applicable, which classification (x) shall be determined by the Portfolio Manager
(with the consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) on the Second Amendment Effective Date or
theTrade Date for the applicable Portfolio Investment, as
applicable, and (y) shall be updated, upon reasonable prior notice to the Portfolio Manager if
GICSMoodys publishes revised sector or industry classifications. 

8. 

Not more than 5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments with a Leverage Ratio
of over 7.00:1.00 (measured at the time such Portfolio Investment is approved as an Eligible Investment). 

9. 

Not more than 25% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments with EBITDA less than
$20,000,000, not more than 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments with EBITDA less than $10,000,000 and not more than 0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments with EBITDA less
than $5,000,000, in each case, measured on a trailing four quarter basis. 

- 2 - 

SCHEDULE 5 

Initial Portfolio Investments 

SCHEDULE 6 

GICSMoodys Industry Classifications

Sector

Classification 

Sector

Limit 

Industry

Code 

Industry

Limit Industry ClassificationDescription

10% 1010101 10% Energy Equipment & ServicesAerospace & Defense

Energy 1010202 10% Oil, Gas & Consumable FuelsAutomotive

3 10% Banking, Finance, Insurance & Real Estate

4 Beverage, Food & Tobacco

5 Capital Equipment

Materials 20% 1510106 10% Chemicals, Plastics & Rubber

1510207 10% Construction Materials& Building

8 Consumer goods: Durable

9 Consumer goods: Non-durable

15103010 10% Containers &, Packaging & Glass

15104011 10% Metals & MiningEnergy: Electricity

12 Energy: Oil & Gas

13 Environmental Industries

15105014 10% Paper & Forest Products & Paper

Industrials 40% 20101015 12.5% Aerospace & DefenseHealthcare & Pharmaceuticals

20102016 12.5% Building ProductsHigh Tech Industries

201030 12.5% Construction & Engineering

20104017 12.5% Electrical EquipmentHotel, Gaming & Leisure

20105018 12.5% Industrial ConglomeratesMedia: Advertising,

- 2 - 

Printing & Publishing

201060 12.5% Machinery

201070 12.5% Trading Companies & Distributors

202010 20% Commercial Services & Supplies

202020 20% Professional Services

203010 12.5% Air Freight & Logistics

203020 12.5% Airlines

203030 12.5% Marine

203040 12.5% Road & Rail

203050 12.5% Transportation Infrastructure

25% 251010 10% Auto Components

251020 10% Automobiles

252010 10% Household Durables

252020 10% Leisure Products

Consumer Discretionary 252030 10% Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods

25301019 10% Hotels, Restaurants & LeisureMedia: Broadcasting & Subscription

- 3 - 

25302020 10% Media: Diversified Consumer Services& Production

25501021 10% DistributorsMetals & Mining

25502022 10% Internet & Direct Marketing Retail

255030 10% Multiline Retail

25504023 10% Specialty RetailServices: Business

24 Services: Consumer

25 Sovereign & Public Finance

26 Telecom munications

27 Transportation: Cargo

28 Transportation: Consumer

29 Utilities: Electric

30 Utilities: Oil & Gas

31 Utilities: Water

32 Wholesale

- 4 - 

Sector

Classification 

Sector

Limit 

Industry

Code 

Industry

Limit 

Industry
Classification

Consumer Staples 20% 301010 12.5% Food & Staples Retailing

302010 12.5% Beverages

302020 12.5% Food Products

302030 12.5% Tobacco

303010 12.5% Household Products

303020 12.5% Personal Products

Health Care 30% 351010 12.5% Health Care Equipment & Supplies

351020 20% Health Care Providers & Services

351030 12.5% Health Care Technology

352010 12.5% Biotechnology

352020 12.5% Pharmaceuticals

352030 12.5% Life Sciences Tools & Services

Financials 20% 401010 10% Banks

401020 10% Thrifts & Mortgage Finance

402010 10% Diversified Financial Services

402020 10% Consumer Finance

402030 10% Capital Markets

402040 10% Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

403010 10% Insurance

Information Technology 20% 451020 12.5% IT Services

451030 12.5% Software

452010 12.5% Communications Equipment

452020 12.5% Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals

452030 12.5% Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components

453010 12.5% Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment

Communications Services 20% 501010 12.5% Diversified Telecommunication Services

501020 12.5% Wireless Telecommunication Services

502010 12.5% Media

502020 12.5% Entertainment

502030 12.5% Interactive Media & Services

Utilities 20% 551010 10% Electric Utilities

551020 10% Gas Utilities

551030 10% Multi-Utilities

551040 10% Water Utilities

551050 10% Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

- 5 - 

Sector

Classification 

Sector

Limit 

Industry

Code 

Industry

Limit 

Industry
Classification

Real Estate 10% 601010 10% Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

601020 10% Real Estate Management & Development

- 6 - 

EXHIBIT A 

Form of Request for Advance 

JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association, 

as Administrative Agent 

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc. 

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Attention: Nick Rapak 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National
Association, 

as Administrative Agent 

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179 

Attention: James Greenfield 

Email: james.r.greenfield@jpmorgan.com 

JPMorgan Chase Bank,
National Association, 

as Lender 

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor 

Newark, Delaware
19713 

Attention: Nick Rapak 

cc: 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, as Collateral Agent 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, as Collateral Administrator 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is hereby made
to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2024 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified form time to time, the Agreement), among Manulife Private Credit Fund SPV, LLC, as
borrower (the Company), Manulife Private Credit Fund, as the parent (in such capacity, the Parent) and as portfolio manager (in such capacity, the Portfolio Manager), JPMorgan Chase Bank,
National Association, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent), the lenders party thereto, and the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms used herein and
not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Agreement, you are
hereby notified of the following: 

(1) The Company hereby requests an Advance under Section 2.03 of the Agreement to be funded
on [___________]. 

(2) The aggregate amount of the Advance requested hereby is $[__________].2

(3) The proposed purchases (if any) relating to this request are as follows:

2 

Note: The requested Advance shall be in an amount such that, after giving effect thereto and the related
purchase of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s) (if any), the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied. 

- 2 - 

Security 

Par 

Price 

Purchased Interest (if any)

We hereby certify that all conditions [to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment(s) set forth in Section 1.03 of the Agreement
and] to an Advance set forth in Section 2.05 of the Agreement have been satisfied or waived as of the [related Trade Date (and shall be satisfied or waived as of the related Settlement Date) and] Advance date[, as applicable]. 

Very truly yours,

MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND SPV, LLC

By 

Name:

Title:

- 3 - 

EXHIBIT B 

Form of Compliance Certificate 

JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association, 

as Administrative Agent 

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc. 

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Attention: Nick Rapak 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National
Association, 

as Administrative Agent 

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179 

Attention: James Greenfield 

Email: james.r.greenfield@jpmorgan.com 

JPMorgan Chase Bank,
National Association, 

as Lender 

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor 

Newark, Delaware
19713 

Attention: Nick Rapak 

Reference is
hereby made to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2024 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified form time to time, the Agreement), among Manulife Private Credit Fund
SPV, LLC, as borrower (the Company), Manulife Private Credit Fund, as the parent (in such capacity, the Parent) and as portfolio manager (in such capacity, the Portfolio Manager), JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent), the lenders party thereto, and the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Agreement. 

The undersigned,
[], a Responsible Officer of the Company, hereby certifies as follows: 

(1) As of the date hereof, [no
Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing] [describe Default or Event of Default]. 

(2) The Company is in
compliance with all covenants contained in Section 6.02 of the Agreement and has Delivered all Collateral to the Collateral Agent in accordance with the Agreement. 

(3) The financial statements for the fiscal [quarter] [year] ending [], 20[] delivered to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section [6.02(p)(i)] [6.02(p)(ii)] of the Agreement fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations of the Parent on the dates and for the periods indicated, on the
basis of GAAP, subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normally recurring year-end adjustments. 

(4) The representations and warranties made by the Parent and the Company
contained in Article VI of the Agreement, or in any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time or in connection herewith or therewith, are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof,
except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. 

Very truly yours,

MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND SPV, LLC

By 

Name:

Title:

- 2 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ck0001988280-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ck0001988280-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ck0001988280-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001988280

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity Registrant Name MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 814-01664

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-3968552

Entity Address, Address Line One 197 Clarendon Street

Entity Address, City or Town Boston

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02116

City Area Code (617)

Local Phone Number 663-3000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.manulifeprivatecreditfund.com//20250410/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ck0001988280-20250410.xsd 
ck0001988280-20250410_lab.xml 
ck0001988280-20250410_pre.xml 
d898467d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-079781-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d898467d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001988280 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

false 
0001988280 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
MANULIFE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
DE 
814-01664 
92-3968552 
197 Clarendon Street 
Boston 
MA 
02116 
(617) 
663-3000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>