<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002496.txt : 20250403
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002496.hdr.sgml : 20250403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250403060256
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002496
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SharpLink Gaming, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001981535
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41962
		FILM NUMBER:		25807331

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 WASHINGTON AVE. NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 104
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(612) 293-0619

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 WASHINGTON AVE. NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 104
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000198153500019815352025-04-022025-04-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 1934

Date
of Report (date of earliest event reported): April 2, 2025

SHARPLINK
GAMING, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 001-41962 87-4752260

(State
of

Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

333
Washington Avenue North, Suite 104

Minneapolis,
Minnesota55402

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

612-293-0619

(Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

(Former
Name or Former Address, is Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock SBET The
Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT. 

On
April 2, 2025, SharpLink Gaming, Inc. (SharpLink or the Company) entered into an exchange agreement (Exchange
Agreement) with Alpha Capital Anstalt (Alpha), whereby, pursuant to the terms conditions set forth in the Exchange
Agreement and in reliance on Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), 7,202 shares
of the Companys Series A-1 Preferred Stock and 12,481 shares of the Companys Series B Preferred Stock (collectively, the
Existing Securities) held by Alpha were exchanged for 464,195 shares of SharpLinks common stock (Common Stock)
and 535,805 prefunded warrants to purchase shares of SharpLinks common stock (Prefunded Warrants) at an exercise
price of $0.001.

With
the exchange of Alphas Existing Securities for Common Stock and Prefunded Warrants, SharpLink no longer has any Series A-1 Preferred
Stock or Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.

The
foregoing description of the Exchange Agreement and the Prefunded Warrants are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text
of such agreements, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 1.1 and 1.2, respectively, to this Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by
reference.

Historical
Background

On
July 26, 2021, Mer Telemanagement Solutions Ltd. (Legacy MTS), New SL Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of MTS
(Merger Sub) and privately held SharpLink, Inc. (SharpLink, Inc.) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the Merger Agreement). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into SharpLink, Inc., with SharpLink,
Inc. surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Legacy MTS (the Reverse Merger or Merger). Following the Merger,
we changed our name from Mer Telemanagement Solutions Ltd. to SharpLink Gaming Ltd. (SharpLink Israel) or Combined
Company). On a fully-diluted basis for the Combined Company, SharpLink, Inc. shareholders owned approximately 86% of the Combined
Company (inclusive of a stock option pool of 10% of the fully-diluted outstanding share capital of the Combined Company), and MTSs
securityholders owned approximately 14% of the fully-diluted outstanding capital of the Combined Company.

As
a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of SharpLink, Inc. common stock was converted into the right to receive SharpLink Israel
ordinary shares (as defined in the Merger Agreement), calculated pursuant to the Exchange Ratio (as defined in the Merger Agreement).
Each outstanding share of SharpLink, Inc. Series A Preferred Stock was converted into the right to receive SharpLink Israel Series A-1
Preferred Stock, calculated pursuant to the Exchange Ratio. Each outstanding share of SharpLink, Inc. Series A-1 Preferred Stock was
converted into the right to receive SharpLink Israel Series A-1 Preferred Stock, calculated pursuant to the Exchange Ratio. Each outstanding
share of SharpLink, Inc. Series B Preferred Stock was converted into the right to receive SharpLink Israel Series B Preferred Stock,
calculated pursuant to the Exchange Ratio.

2

Alpha
Financings

In
September 2018, Legacy MTS entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Alpha Capital SPA) with Alpha for the investment
in a newly-created class of convertible preferred shares, at a price per preferred share of $1.14. The price per share was determined
based on a 15% discount to the volume weighted average price of our ordinary shares for the three trading days preceding the signing
of the term sheet with Alpha Capital in June 2018. In June 2018, Alpha invested $200,000 in consideration for the issuance of 175,439
of our Ordinary Shares. In October 2018, our shareholders approved the Alpha Capital SPA and the transactions contemplated thereby and
the adoption of amended and restated articles of association and certain changes to the structure of our Board of Directors.

The
Alpha Capital SPA included a greenshoe option for a future investment by Alpha of up to $1.5 million in the newly created preferred shares
at a price per preferred share of $1.14 during the 12 months period following the closing date of the Alpha Capital SPA. On March 29,
2019, Alpha exercised its option in part and purchased 109,649 convertible preferred shares in consideration of $125,000. On June 17,
2019, Alpha exercised its greenshoe option in part and purchased 438,597 additional convertible preferred shares in consideration of
$500,000. In October 2019, our Board approved the extension of the term of the greenshoe option by six months until April 30, 2020. On
December 31, 2019, Alpha Capital purchased 144,737 additional convertible preferred shares in consideration of $165,000 pursuant to its
greenshoe option. On June 23, 2020, Alpha Capital exercised its greenshoe option in part and purchased 622,807 convertible preferred
shares in consideration of $710,000. In addition, it converted 200,000 and 600,000 preferred shares into ordinary shares at a 1:1 ratio
on June 14, 2020 and June 22, 2020, respectively. The greenshoe option has been exercised in full.

In
connection with a closing condition of the Merger Agreement with Legacy MTS and SharpLink, Alpha invested $6.0 million in exchange for
approximately 2.8 million shares of SharpLink Series B Preferred Stock.

On
February 13, 2024, the Company completed its redomestication from Israel to Delaware and SharpLink Israels Series A-1 Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock were converted on a 1:1 basis for SharpLinks Series A-1 Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Financial
Statements

None.

Exhibits

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION

10.1 Exchange Agreement between SharpLink Gaming, Inc. and Alpha Capital Anstalt, dated April 2, 2025

10.2 Prefunded Common Stock Purchase Warrant between SharpLink Gaming, Inc. and Alpha Capital Anstalt, dated April 2, 2025

104 Cover
page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SHARPLINK
GAMING, INC.

By:
/s/
Rob Phythian

Name:
Rob
Phythian

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

Dated:
April 3, 2025 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EXCHANGE
AGREEMENT

EXCHANGE
AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made as of April 2, 2025, by and between SharpLink Gaming, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Alpha Capital Anstalt (the Investor).

WHEREAS,
the Investor is the holder of 7,202 shares of the Companys Series A-1 Preferred Stock and 12,481 shares of the Companys
Series B Preferred Stock, collectively, the Existing Securities issued upon the Companys reincorporation
in Delaware on February 13, 2024;

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in reliance on Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act), the Company desires to exchange with the Investor, and the Investor desires
to exchange with the Company, the Existing Securities for 464,195 shares of Common Stock and 535,805 pre-funded warrants to purchase
shares of Common Stock set forth on the Investors signature page hereto (the New Shares and the Prefunded
Warrants or the Exchange Securities); and

NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and in consideration
of the premises and the mutual agreements, representations and warranties, provisions and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

1.
Exchange. On Closing Date (as defined below), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Investor shall, and the
Company shall, pursuant to Section 3(a) (9) of the Securities Act, exchange the Existing Securities for the Exchange Securities. Subject
to the conditions set forth herein, the exchange of the Existing Securities for the Exchange Securities shall take place at the offices
of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, on February 20, 2025, or at such other time and place as the Company and the Investor mutually
agree (the Closing and such date, the Closing Date). At the Closing, the following
transactions shall occur (such transaction an Exchange):

1.1
On the Closing Date, in exchange for the Existing Securities, the Company shall deliver the unlegended, unrestricted Exchange Securities
to the Investor or its designee in accordance with the Investors delivery instructions set forth on the Investor signature page
hereto, together with an opinion of the Companys counsel addressed to the Investor and the Companys current transfer agent
to the effect that the Exchange Securities (including the Warrant Shares assuming cashless exercise) may be resold by the Investor without
registration or any requirement that the Company is current in its 1934 Act reporting. Upon receipt of the Exchange Securities in accordance
with this Section 1.1, all of the Investors rights under the Existing Securities shall be extinguished. The Investor shall tender
to the Company the Existing Securities within three Trading Days (as defined below) of the Closing Date.

1.2
On the Closing Date, the Investor shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Exchange Securities,
irrespective of the date such Exchange Securities are delivered to the Investor in accordance herewith. The Existing Securities
shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have been cancelled upon receipt of the Exchange Securities in accordance with Section
1.1 above.

As
used herein, Beneficial Ownership Limitation means 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Shares hereunder.

As
used herein, Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other
class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

As
used herein, Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated
association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other
entity of any kind.

As
used herein, Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the principal securities exchange
or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded.

1.3
The Company and the Investor shall execute and/or deliver such other documents and agreements as are customary and reasonably necessary
to effectuate the Exchanges, including, at the request of the Company or its transfer agent, executed stock powers in customary form.

2. Closing
Conditions.

2.1
Conditions to Investors Obligations. The obligation of the Investor to consummate the Exchange is subject to the fulfillment,
to the Investors reasonable satisfaction, prior to or at the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

(a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement shall be true and
correct in all material respects on the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date as if made on and as of such date.

(b)
Issuance of Prefunded Warrants. At the Closing, the Company shall deliver the New Shares via DWAC and the Prefunded Warrants in
the form of Exhibit A hereto, to the Investor.

(c)
No Actions. No action, proceeding, investigation, regulation or legislation shall have been instituted, threatened or proposed
before any court, governmental agency or authority or legislative body to enjoin, restrain, prohibit or obtain substantial damages in
respect of, this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d)
Proceedings and Documents. All proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and all documents and instruments
incident to such transactions shall be satisfactory in substance and form to the Investor, and the Investor shall
have received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as they may reasonably request.

2

(e)
Consents. The Company shall have obtained all required consents,if
any.

2.2
Conditions to the Companys Obligations. The obligation of the Companyto
consummate the Exchange is subject to the fulfillment, to the Companys reasonable satisfaction, prior to or at the Closing, of
each of the following conditions:

(a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Investor contained in this Agreement shall be true and
correct in all material respects on the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date as if made on and as of such date.

(b)
No Actions. No action, proceeding, investigation, regulation or legislation shall have been instituted, threatened or proposed
before any court, governmental agency or authority or legislative body to enjoin, restrain, prohibit, or obtain substantial damages in
respect of, this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(c)
Proceedings and Documents. All proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and all documents and instruments
incident to such transactions shall be satisfactory in substance and form to the Company and the Company shall have received all such
counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as the Company may reasonably request.

3.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to Investor that:

3.1
Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
in which the failure to so qualify would have a material adverse effect on its business or properties.

3.2
Authorization. All corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization,
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of all obligations of the Company hereunder, and the authorization (or reservation
for issuance of), the Exchanges, and the issuance of the Exchange Securities, have been taken on or prior to the date hereof.

3.3
Valid Issuance of the New Shares, the Prefunded Warrants and Warrant Shares. The New Shares and the Prefunded Warrants when issued
and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, for the consideration expressed herein, will be duly and validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable and valid and binding agreements of the Company, and the Warrant Shares, when issued and delivered in accordance
with the terms of the Prefunded Warrants, for the consideration expressed
therein, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

3

3.4
Compliance With Laws. The Company has not violated any law or any governmental regulation or requirement which violation has had
or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its business and the Company has not received written notice of
any such violation.

3.5
Consents; Waivers. No consent, waiver, approval or authority of any nature, or other formal action, by any Person, not already
obtained, is required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation by the Company
of the transactions provided for herein and therein.

3.6
Acknowledgment Regarding Investors Exchange of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting
solely in the capacity of arms length Investor with respect to this Agreement and the other documents entered into in connection
herewith (collectively, the Transaction Documents) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and
that the Investor is not (i) an officer or director of the Company, (ii) an affiliate of the Company (as defined in Rule
144 promulgated under the Securities Act), or (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, a beneficial owner of more than 10%
of the shares of Common Stock (as defined for purposes of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). The Company
further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by the Investor
or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
is merely incidental to the Investors acceptance of the Exchange Securities. The Company further represents to the Investor that
the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company
and its representatives.

3.7
Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company,
the Securities or any of the Companys officers or directors in their capacities as such.

3.8
Validity; Enforcement; No Conflicts. This Agreement and each Transaction Document to which the Company is a party have been duly
and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Company and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations
of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by general principles of equity or to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws
relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies. The execution, delivery and
performance by the Company of this Agreement and each Transaction Document to which the Company is a party and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of the
Company or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, or (iii) result in
a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities or blue sky
laws) applicable to the Company, except in the case of clause (ii) above, for such conflicts, defaults or rights which would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations
hereunder.

4

3.9
Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor or its agents
or counsel with any information that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute material, nonpublic information. The Company
understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in the Exchange Securities.

3.10
No Commission Paid. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates nor any Person acting on behalf of or for the benefit of any
of the foregoing, has paid or given, or agreed to pay or give, directly or indirectly, any commission or other remuneration (within the
meaning of Section 3(a) (9) of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated
thereunder) for soliciting the Exchange.

4.
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby represents, warrants and covenants that:

4.1
Authorization. The Investor has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and has taken all action necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the performance of its obligations hereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.2
Investment Experience. The Investor can bear the economic risk of its investment in the Securities, and has such knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Exchange Securities.

4.3
Information. The Investor and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances
and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and issuance of the Exchange Securities which have been requested by
the Investor. The Investor has had the opportunity to review the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The Investor and its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. Neither such inquiries nor
any other due diligence investigations conducted by the Investor or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend
or affect the Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained herein. The Investor understands
that its investment in the Exchange Securities involves a high degree of risk. The Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax
advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the Exchange Securities.
The Investor is relying solely on its own accounting, legal and tax advisors,
and not on any statements of the Company or any of its agents or representatives, for such accounting, legal and tax advice with respect
to its acquisition of the Exchange Securities and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

5

4.4
No Governmental Review. The Investor understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Exchange Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment
in the Shares nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Exchange Securities.

4.5
Validity; Enforcement; No Conflicts. This Agreement and each Transaction Document to which the Investor is a party have been duly
and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Investor and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations
of the Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by general principles of equity or to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws
relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies. The execution, delivery and
performance by the Investor of this Agreement and each Transaction Document to which the Investor is a party and the consummation by
the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of
the Investor or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default)
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument
to which the Investor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal
and state securities or blue sky laws) applicable to the Investor, except in the case of clause (ii) above, for such conflicts,
defaults or rights which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
ability of the Investor to perform its obligations hereunder.

4.6
No Commission Paid. Neither the Investor nor any of its affiliates nor any Person acting on behalf of or for the benefit of any
of the foregoing, has paid or given, or agreed to pay or give, directly or indirectly, any commission or other remuneration (within the
meaning of Section 3(a) (9) of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated
thereunder) for soliciting the Exchange

5. Additional
Covenants.

5.1
Disclosure. The Company shall, on or before 9:30 a.m., New York City time, on the first business day after the date of this Agreement,
issue a Current Report on Form 8-K (the 8-K Filing) disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereby. From and after the issuance of the 8-K Filing, the Investor shall not be in possession of any material, nonpublic information
received from the Company or any of its respective officers, directors, employees or agents that is not disclosed in the 8-K Filing.
The Company shall not, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees and agents, not to, provide the Investor with any material,
nonpublic information regarding the Company from and after the filing of the 8-K Filing without the express written consent of the Investor.
The Company shall not disclose the name of the Investor in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise, unless such disclosure is
required by law or regulation. In addition, effective upon the filing
of the 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether
written or oral, between the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or
agents, on the one hand, and the Investor or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate.

6

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any,
and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

5.3
Section 3(a)(9) Exchange. The parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the
Shares shall take on the characteristics, including holding periods, of the Exchange Securities being exchanged. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 5.4.

6. Miscellaneous.

6.1
Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the parties hereto and the respective successors and assigns of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express
or implied, is intended to confer upon any party, other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns, any rights,
remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

6.2
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict
of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of
any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state
or federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in
any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action
or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing
a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to
serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

7

6.3
Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered
in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

6.4
Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement
must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered pursuant to the terms of the March Purchase Agreement and the August Purchase
Agreement.

6.5
Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived
(either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company
and the Investor. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this paragraph shall be binding upon Investor and the Company,
provided that no such amendment shall be binding on a holder that does not consent thereto to the extent such amendment treats such party
differently than any party that does consent thereto.

6.6
Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall
be excluded from this Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and shall
be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

6.7
Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the parties concerning the Exchange
and the other matters described herein and therein and supersede and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings solely
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

6.8
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

6.9
Interpretation. Unless the context of this Agreement clearly requires otherwise, (a) references to the plural include the singular,
the singular the plural, the part the whole, (b) references to any gender include all genders, (c) including has the inclusive
meaning frequently identified with the phrase but not limited to and (d) references to hereunder or herein
relate to this Agreement.

6.10
No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted
successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

6.11
Survival. The representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and the Investor contained herein shall survive the Closing
and delivery of the Exchange Securities.

6.12
Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and
shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

6.13
No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

[SIGNATURES
ON THE FOLLOWING PAGES]

8

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date provided above.

THE
COMPANY

SHARPLINK
GAMING, INC.

By: /s/
Rob Phythian

Name: Rob
Phythian

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

9

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date provided above.

INVESTOR

Name
of Purchaser: Alpha Capital Anstalt

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Nicola Feuerstein

Name
of Authorized Signatory: Nicola Feuerstein

Title
of Authorized Signatory: Chief Executive Officer

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: info@alphacapital.li

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Altenbach
8

9490
Vaduz, Liechtenstein

Address
for Delivery of 400,000 Pre-funded Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Alpha
Capital Anstalt

c/o
LHX Corporation

510
Madison Avenue, 14th Floor

New
York, NY 10022

Attention:
Estelle Camarda

DWAC
for 464,195 New Shares:

10

Exhibit
A

Existing
Securities: Number
of Preferred Shares

Series
A-1 7,202

Series
B 12,481

Exchange
Securities: Number
of Prefunded Warrants

535,805

Number
of Shares:

464,195

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT
10.2

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PREFUNDED
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

SHARPLINK
GAMING, INC.

Warrant Shares:
535,805 Initial Exercise
Date: April 2, 2025

THIS
PREFUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies
that, for value received, Alpha Capital Anstalt or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject
to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after April 2, 2025 (the Initial
Exercise Date) until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to
subscribe for and purchase from SharpLink Gaming, Inc., a Delaware company (the Company), up to 535,805 shares of
common stock (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. The Warrant is being issued in exchange of 7,202 shares of the Companys Series A-1 Preferred Stock and 12,481 shares of
the Companys Series B Preferred Stock as described in the Exchange Agreement, by and between the Company and the Holder, dated
March 31, 2025.

Section
2. Exercise

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile
copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice
of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate
Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United
States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.
No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization)
of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has
been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading
Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases
of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection
to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant
Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated
on the face hereof.

1

b)
Exercise Price. Except for legal and valid consideration as agreed between the parties and as described in the Exchange Agreement,
no other consideration shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant (other than the
payment of the nominal exercise price of $0.001 per Warrant Share). The Holder shall not be entitled to any consideration, in any form
(including any repurchase of this Warrant) under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall
not have been exercised prior to the Termination Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be $0.001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by
(A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2)
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading
hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii)
at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg)
as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close
of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the
applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this
Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares
that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of
a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

2

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
are then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock are
not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of an Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith
by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and
expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

3

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised
via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name
of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address
specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to
the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii)
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such
date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for
all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the
case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder
the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash,
as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common
Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading
Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are
delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement
period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect
on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

4

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder
is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such
exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying
(1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely
complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy- In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to
such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the
Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common
Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses
shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed
by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,
this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and
the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of
the Warrant Shares.

5

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such
issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and
any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the
foregoing sentence, the number of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include
the number of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation
contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities
owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be
in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number
of outstanding Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most
recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company
or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the
written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the
conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall
be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions
of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder
and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not
be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or
any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make
changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common
Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of
the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common
Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number
of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately
adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section
3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend
or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined
for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right
to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall
not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Stock as a result of such
Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever,
as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Stock acquirable upon
complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder
has exercised this Warrant.

7

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the outstanding Common Stock (not including any Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or
associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the
right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such
Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant), the number of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by
a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares
of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an
exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of
capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of
such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named
as the Company herein.

8

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share,
as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given
date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the
Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and
any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at
its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior
to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for
the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the
holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined
or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares
of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect
the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise
be expressly set forth herein.

9

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be
divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance
date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except
as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

10

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

11

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

SHARPLINK GAMING,
INC.

By: /s/
Rob Phythian

Name: Rob Phythian

Title: CEO

13

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO:
SHARPLINK GAMING, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ______________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ 
] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ 
] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: __________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: ____________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ______________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________________________________

Date:
__________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name:
___________________________________________________________________________

(Please
Print)

Address:
_________________________________________________________________________

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: ____________________________________________________________________

Email
Address: ____________________________________________________________________

Dated:
_____________________, ________

Holders
Signature: _________________________________________________________________

Holders
Address: __________________________________________________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sbet-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sbet-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sbet-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41962

Entity Registrant Name SHARPLINK
GAMING, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001981535

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-4752260

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 333
Washington Avenue North

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 104

Entity Address, City or Town Minneapolis

Entity Address, State or Province MN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 55402

City Area Code 612

Local Phone Number 293-0619

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock

Trading Symbol SBET

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sharplink.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
sbet-20250402.xsd 
sbet-20250402_lab.xml 
sbet-20250402_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002496-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001981535 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001981535 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
SHARPLINK GAMING, INC. 
DE 
001-41962 
87-4752260 
333 Washington Avenue North 
Suite 104 
Minneapolis 
MN 
55402 
612 
293-0619 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
SBET 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>