<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-058093.txt : 20250320
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-058093.hdr.sgml : 20250320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250319213718
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-058093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250313
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250319

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			A10 Networks, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580808
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				201446869
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36343
		FILM NUMBER:		25754300

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 ORCHARD PKWY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(408) 325-8668

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 ORCHARD PKWY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d828154d8ka.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K/A
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K/A

true000158080800015808082025-03-132025-03-13

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K/A

(Amendment No. 1)

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 13, 2025

A10 NETWORKS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-36343 20-1446869

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2300 Orchard Parkway 

San Jose, CA 95131

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(408)325-8668

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240-13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.00001 par value ATEN New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Explanatory Note 

This Amendment No.1 on Form 8-K to the Current Report on Form 8-K of A10 Networks, Inc. (the Company) originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2025 (the Original 8-K) amends the Original 8-K solely to correct the disclosures under Item 1.01 to clarify that (a) the net proceeds from the sale of Notes were approximately $193.8 million (rather than the $218.1 million listed in the Original 8-K), after deducting the initial purchasers discount and the estimated offering expenses payable by the Company and (b) the Company used approximately $43.6 million (rather than the $44.2 million listed in the Original 8-K) of the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes to repurchase shares of its common stock from purchasers of the Notes in privately negotiated transactions effected with or through one of the initial purchasers of the Notes or its affiliate, as the Companys agent.

No other changes have been made to Item 1.01 of the Original 8-K, and this Amendment No. 1 does not amend, modify, or otherwise update any other information in the Original 8-K.

Item 1.01. 

Entry Into or Amendment of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 17, 2025, the Company issued $200,000,000 principal amount of its 2.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes). The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the Indenture), dated as of March 17, 2025, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). Pursuant to the purchase agreement between the Company and the representative of the initial purchasers of the Notes, the Company granted the initial purchasers an option to purchase, for settlement within a period of 13 days from, and including, the date the Notes are first issued, up to an additional $25,000,000 principal amount of Notes. 

The Notes will be the Companys senior, unsecured obligations and will be (i) equal in right of payment with the Companys existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Companys future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Companys future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Companys subsidiaries. 

The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 2.75% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October 1, 2025. The Notes will mature on April 1, 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before December 1, 2029, noteholders will have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after December 1, 2029, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will have the right to elect to settle conversions either entirely in cash or in a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. The kind and amount of consideration due upon conversion will be determined based on the conversion value of the Notes, measured proportionately for each trading day in an Observation Period (as defined in the Indenture) consisting of 60 trading days, and settled following the completion of that Observation Period. The consideration due in respect of each trading day in the Observation Period will consist of cash, up to at least the proportional amount of the principal amount being converted, and any excess of the proportional conversion value for that trading day that will not be settled in cash will be settled in shares of the Companys common stock. The initial conversion rate is 42.6257 shares of the Companys common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $23.46 per share of the Companys common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. 

The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to certain limitations described below), at the Companys option at any time, and from time to time, on or after April 5, 2028 and on or before the 60th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if (i) the notes are Freely Tradable (as defined in the Indenture), and all accrued and unpaid additional interest, if any, has been paid in full, as of the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the last reported sale price per share of the Companys common stock is at least 130% of the conversion price on (1) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such redemption notice; and (2) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such redemption notice. However, the Company may not redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes unless at least $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the time the Company sends the related redemption notice. The redemption price will be a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. 

If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then, subject to a limited exception for certain cash mergers, noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Companys common stock. 

The Notes will have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Notes, will be subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii) the Companys failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) a default in the Companys obligation to convert a Note in accordance with the Indenture upon the exercise of the conversion right with respect thereto, if such default is not cured within three business days after its occurrence; (iv) the Companys failure to comply with certain covenants in the Indenture relating to the Companys ability to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (v) a default by the Company in its other obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance with the Indenture; (vi) certain defaults by the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least $40.0 million; (vii) the rendering of certain judgments against the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries for the payment of at least $40.0 million, where such judgments are not discharged or stayed within 60 days after date on which the right to appeal has expired or on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; and (viii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries. 

If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the Trustee, by written notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to 365 days while such Event of Default is continuing at a specified rate per annum of (i) 0.25% for up to 180 days following the occurrence of such Event of Default and (ii) 0.50% thereafter and prior to 366th day following the occurrence of such Event of Default, in each case, on the principal amount of the Notes. 

The above description of the Indenture and the Notes is a summary and is not complete. A copy of the Indenture and the form of the certificate representing the Notes are filed as exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the above summary is qualified by reference to the terms of the Indenture and the Notes set forth in such exhibits. 

The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes were approximately $193.8 million, after deducting the initial purchasers discount and the estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company used approximately $43.6 million of the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes to repurchase shares of its common stock (the share repurchases) from purchasers of the Notes in privately negotiated transactions effected with or through one of the initial purchasers of the Notes or its affiliate, as the Companys agent. The purchase price per share of common stock repurchased in the share repurchases was equal to the closing price of the Companys common stock on The New York Stock Exchange on the date of pricing of the Notes. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement. 

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Notes were issued to the initial purchasers in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), in transactions not involving any public offering. The Notes were resold by the initial purchasers to persons whom the initial purchasers reasonably believe are qualified institutional buyers, as defined in, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Any shares of the Companys common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the Notes will be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an exchange by the Company exclusively with its security holders. Assuming the initial purchasers fully exercise their option to purchase additional Notes, initially, a maximum of 11,508,930 shares of the Companys common stock may be issued upon conversion of the Notes, based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 51.1508 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events. 

On March 13, 2025, the Company issued a press release relating to the pricing of the Notes pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01. 

Neither this Current Report on Form 8-K nor the press release constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes or the shares of the Companys common stock, if any, issuable upon conversion of the Notes. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 17, 2025, between A10 Networks, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

4.2 Form of certificate representing the 2.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1). 

99.1 Press release dated March 13, 2025. 

104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 19, 2025 

A10 NETWORKS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Brian Becker

Brian Becker

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d828154dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

Execution Version 

A10 NETWORKS, INC. 

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

as Trustee 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of March 17, 2025 

2.75%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Article 1. Definitions; Rules of Construction 1 

Section 1.01. Definitions 1 

Section 1.02. Other Definitions 13 

Section 1.03. Rules of Construction 14 

Article 2. The Notes 14 

Section 2.01. Form, Dating and Denominations 14 

Section 2.02. Execution, Authentication and Delivery 15 

Section 2.03. Initial Notes and Additional Notes 16 

Section 2.04. Method of Payment 16 

Section 2.05. Accrual of Interest; Defaulted Amounts; When Payment Date is Not a Business Day 17 

Section 2.06. Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent 18 

Section 2.07. Paying Agent and Conversion Agent to Hold Property in Trust 19 

Section 2.08. Holder Lists 19 

Section 2.09. Legends 19 

Section 2.10. Transfers and Exchanges; Certain Transfer Restrictions 20 

Section 2.11. Exchange and Cancellation of Notes to Be Converted or to Be Repurchased Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or Redemption 25 

Section 2.12. Removal of Transfer Restrictions 26 

Section 2.13. Replacement Notes 26 

Section 2.14. Registered Holders; Certain Rights with Respect to Global Notes 27 

Section 2.15. Cancellation 27 

Section 2.16. Notes Held by the Company or its Affiliates 27 

Section 2.17. Temporary Notes 27 

Section 2.18. Outstanding Notes 28 

Section 2.19. Repurchases by the Company 28 

Section 2.20. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 29 

Article 3. Covenants 29 

Section 3.01. Payment on Notes 29 

Section 3.02. Exchange Act Reports 29 

Section 3.03. Rule 144A Information 30 

Section 3.04. Additional Interest 30 

Section 3.05. Compliance and Default Certificates 32 

Section 3.06. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 33 

Section 3.07. Acquisition of Notes by the Company and its Affiliates 33 

Article 4. Repurchase and Redemption 33 

Section 4.01. No Sinking Fund 33 

Section 4.02. Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes Upon a 

- i - 

Fundamental Change 33 

Section 4.03. Right of the Company to Redeem the Notes 38 

Article 5. The Conversion of Notes 40 

Section 5.01. Right to Convert 40 

Section 5.02. Conversion Procedures 44 

Section 5.03. Settlement Upon Conversion 46 

Section 5.04. Reserve and Status of Common Stock Issued Upon Conversion 49 

Section 5.05. Adjustments to the Conversion Rate 49 

Section 5.06. Voluntary Adjustments 60 

Section 5.07. Adjustments to the Conversion Rate in Connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change 60 

Section 5.08. Exchange in Lieu of Conversion 61 

Section 5.09. Effect of Common Stock Change Event 62 

Article 6. Successors 64 

Section 6.01. When the Company May Merge, Etc. 64 

Section 6.02. Successor Entity Substituted 65 

Section 6.03. Exclusion for Asset Transfers with Wholly Owned Subsidiaries 65 

Article 7. Defaults and Remedies 65 

Section 7.01. Events of Default 65 

Section 7.02. Acceleration 67 

Section 7.03. Sole Remedy for a Failure to Report 68 

Section 7.04. Other Remedies 69 

Section 7.05. Waiver of Past Defaults 69 

Section 7.06. Cure of Defaults; Ability to Cure or Waive Before Event of Default Occurs 69 

Section 7.07. Control by Majority 69 

Section 7.08. Limitation on Suits 70 

Section 7.09. Absolute Right of Holders to Institute Suit for the Enforcement of the Right to Receive Payment and Conversion Consideration 70 

Section 7.10. Collection Suit by Trustee 70 

Section 7.11. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 71 

Section 7.12. Priorities 71 

Section 7.13. Undertaking for Costs 72 

Article 8. Amendments, Supplements and Waivers 72 

Section 8.01. Without the Consent of Holders 72 

Section 8.02. With the Consent of Holders 73 

Section 8.03. Notice of Amendments, Supplements and Waivers 74 

Section 8.04. Revocation, Effect and Solicitation of Consents; Special Record Dates; Etc. 74 

Section 8.05. Notations and Exchanges 75 

Section 8.06. Trustee to Execute Supplemental Indentures 75 

Article 9. Satisfaction and Discharge 76 

- ii - 

Section 9.01. Termination of Companys Obligations 76 

Section 9.02. Repayment to Company 76 

Section 9.03. Reinstatement 77 

Article 10. Trustee 77 

Section 10.01. Duties of the Trustee 77 

Section 10.02. Rights of the Trustee 78 

Section 10.03. Individual Rights of the Trustee 79 

Section 10.04. Trustees Disclaimer 79 

Section 10.05. Notice of Defaults 79 

Section 10.06. Compensation and Indemnity 80 

Section 10.07. Replacement of the Trustee 81 

Section 10.08. Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc. 82 

Section 10.09. Eligibility; Disqualification 82 

Article 11. Miscellaneous 82 

Section 11.01. Notices 82 

Section 11.02. Delivery of Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel as to Conditions Precedent 84 

Section 11.03. Statements Required in Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel 84 

Section 11.04. Rules by the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent 85 

Section 11.05. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders 85 

Section 11.06. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial 85 

Section 11.07. Submission to Jurisdiction 85 

Section 11.08. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 85 

Section 11.09. Successors 86 

Section 11.10. Force Majeure 86 

Section 11.11. U.S.A. PATRIOT Act 86 

Section 11.12. Calculations 86 

Section 11.13. Severability 86 

Section 11.14. Counterparts 87 

Section 11.15. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 87 

Section 11.16. Withholding Taxes 87 

Exhibits 

Exhibit A: Form of Note A-1 

Exhibit B-1: Form of Restricted Note
Legend B1-1 

Exhibit B-2: Form of Global Note
Legend B2-1 

Exhibit B-3: Form of Non-Affiliate Legend B3-1 

- iii - 

INDENTURE, dated as of March 17, 2025, between A10 Networks,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, as issuer (the Company), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). 

Each party to this Indenture (as defined below) agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and
ratable benefit of the Holders (as defined below) of the Companys 2.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes). 

Article 1. DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 

Section 1.01. DEFINITIONS. 

Additional Interest means any interest that accrues on any Note pursuant to
Section 3.04. 

Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 144 as in effect
on the Issue Date. 

Authorized Denomination means, with respect to a Note, any principal amount thereof
that is no less than $1,000 and that is also an integral multiple of $1,000. 

Bankruptcy Law means
Title 11, United States Code, or any similar U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. law for the relief of debtors. 

Bid Solicitation Agent means the Person who is required to obtain bids for the Trading Price in accordance
with Section 5.01(C)(i)(2) and the definition of Trading Price. The initial Bid Solicitation Agent on the Issue Date will be the Company; provided, however, that the Company may appoint any other
Person (including any of the Companys Subsidiaries) to be the Bid Solicitation Agent at any time after the Issue Date without prior notice to the Holders. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or a committee of such board duly authorized
to act on behalf of such board. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed. 

Capital Stock of any Person means any and all shares of, interests in, rights to purchase, warrants or
options for, participations in, or other equivalents of, in each case however designated, the equity of such Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, such equity. 

Close of Business means 5:00 p.m., New York City time. 

Common Equity of any Person means the Capital Stock of such Person that is generally entitled to vote in
the election of directors of such Person (or, if such Person is not a corporation, generally entitled to vote in the election, or otherwise participate in the selection, of the governing body, partners, managers or others that control the management
or policies of such Person). 

- 1 - 

Common Stock means the common stock, $0.00001 par value
per share, of the Company, subject to Section 5.09. 

Company means the Person
named as such in the preamble of this Indenture and, subject to Article 6, its successors and assigns. 

Company Order means a written request or order signed on behalf of the Company by one (1) of its
Officers and delivered to the Trustee. 

Conversion means, with respect to any Note, the conversion of
such Note pursuant to Article 5 into Conversion Consideration. The terms Convert, Converted, Convertible, Converting and similar capitalized terms have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Conversion Date means, with respect to a Note, the first Business Day on which the requirements set
forth in Section 5.02(A) to Convert such Note are satisfied. 

Conversion
Price means, as of any time, an amount equal to (A) one thousand dollars ($1,000) divided by (B) the Conversion Rate in effect at such time. 

Conversion Rate initially means 42.6257 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes;
provided, however, that the Conversion Rate is subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 5; provided, further, that whenever this Indenture refers to the Conversion Rate as of a particular date without setting
forth a particular time on such date, such reference will be deemed to be to the Conversion Rate immediately after the Close of Business on such date. 

Conversion Share means any share of Common Stock issued or issuable upon Conversion of any Note. 

Daily Cash Amount means, with respect to any VWAP Trading Day, the lesser of (A) the applicable Daily
Maximum Cash Amount; and (B) the Daily Conversion Value for such VWAP Trading Day. 

Daily Conversion
Value means, with respect to any VWAP Trading Day, one-sixtieth (1/60th) of the product of (A) the Conversion Rate on such VWAP Trading Day; and (B) the Daily VWAP per share of Common Stock
on such VWAP Trading Day. 

Daily Maximum Cash Amount means, with respect to the Conversion of any Note,
the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the Specified Dollar Amount applicable to such Conversion by (B) sixty (60). 

Daily Share Amount means, with respect to any VWAP Trading Day, the quotient obtained by dividing
(A) the excess, if any, of the Daily Conversion Value for such VWAP Trading Day over the applicable Daily Maximum Cash Amount by (B) the Daily VWAP for such VWAP Trading Day. For the avoidance of doubt, the Daily Share Amount will be zero
for such VWAP Trading Day if such Daily Conversion Value does not exceed such Daily Maximum Cash Amount. 

- 2 - 

Daily VWAP means, for any VWAP Trading Day, the per share
volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page ATEN AQR (or, if such page is not available, its equivalent successor page) in respect of the
period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such VWAP Trading Day (or, if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of Common Stock on such
VWAP Trading Day, determined, using a volume-weighted average price method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm selected by the Company, which may be any of the Initial Purchasers). The Daily VWAP will be determined
without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session. 

De-Legending Deadline Date means, with respect to any Note, the fifteenth (15th) day after the Free Trade Date of such Note; provided, however, that if the
De-Legending Deadline Date determined as aforesaid would be after a Regular Record Date and before the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately after the next Interest Payment Date, then the De-Legending Deadline Date for such Note will instead be the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date. 

Default means any event that is (or, after notice, passage of time or both, would be) an Event of Default.

Default Settlement Method means Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar Amount of $1,000 per
$1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that (x) subject to Section 5.03(A)(iii), the Company may, from time to time, change the Default Settlement Method, to any Settlement Method that the
Company is then permitted to elect, by sending notice of the new Default Settlement Method to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent; and (y) the Default Settlement Method will be subject to
Section 5.03(A)(ii). 

Depositary means The Depository Trust Company or its
successor. 

Depositary Participant means any member of, or participant in, the Depositary. 

Depositary Procedures means, with respect to any Conversion, transfer, exchange or other transaction
involving a Global Note or any beneficial interest therein, the rules and procedures of the Depositary applicable to such Conversion, transfer, exchange or transaction. 

Ex-Dividend Date means, with respect to an issuance, dividend or
distribution on the Common Stock, the first date on which shares of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such issuance, dividend or distribution (including pursuant to
due bills or similar arrangements required by the relevant stock exchange). For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP
number will not be considered regular way for this purpose. 

Exchange Act means the U.S.
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

- 3 - 

Exempted Fundamental Change means any Fundamental Change
with respect to which, in accordance with Section 4.02(I), the Company does not offer to repurchase any Notes. 

Free Trade Date means, with respect to any Note, the date that is one (1) year after the Last Original
Issue Date of such Note. 

Freely Tradable means, with respect to any Note, that such Note would be
eligible to be offered, sold or otherwise transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise if held by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company, and that has not been an Affiliate of the Company during the immediately preceding three
(3) months, without any requirements as to volume, manner of sale, availability of current public information or notice under the Securities Act (except that, during the six (6) month period beginning on, and including, the date that is
six (6) months after the Last Original Issue Date of such Note, any such requirement as to the availability of current public information will be disregarded if the same is satisfied at that time); provided, however, that from and
after the Free Trade Date of such Note, such Note will not be Freely Tradable unless such Note (x) is not identified by a restricted CUSIP or ISIN number; and (y) is not represented by any certificate that bears the
Restricted Note Legend. For the avoidance of doubt, whether a Note is deemed to be identified by a restricted CUSIP or ISIN number or to bear the Restricted Note Legend is subject to Section 2.12. 

Fundamental Change means any of the following events: 

(A) a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than
the Company, its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries or their respective employee benefit plans, files any report with the SEC indicating that such person or group has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner (as defined below) of shares of
the Common Stock representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of all of the Common Stock; 

(B) the
consummation of (i) any sale, lease or other transfer, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person, other than solely to
one or more of the Companys Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; or (ii) any transaction or series of related transactions in connection with which (whether by means of merger, consolidation, share exchange, combination, reclassification,
recapitalization, acquisition, liquidation or otherwise) all of the Common Stock is exchanged for, converted into, acquired for, or constitutes solely the right to receive, other securities, cash or other property; provided, however,
that any merger, consolidation, share exchange or combination of the Company pursuant to which the Persons that directly or indirectly beneficially owned (as defined below) all classes of the Companys Common Equity immediately
before such transaction directly or indirectly beneficially own, immediately after such transaction, more than fifty percent (50%) of all classes of Common Equity of the surviving, continuing or acquiring company or other transferee, as
applicable, or the parent thereof, in substantially the same proportions vis--vis each other as immediately before such transaction will be deemed not to be a
Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (B); 

(C) the Companys stockholders approve any plan or proposal
for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or 

- 4 - 

(D) the Common Stock ceases to be listed on any of the New York Stock
Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market (or any of their respective successors); 

provided,
however, that a transaction or event described in clause (A) or (B) above will not constitute a Fundamental Change if at least ninety percent (90%) of the consideration received or to be received by the holders of Common
Stock (excluding cash payments for fractional shares or pursuant to dissenters rights), in connection with such transaction or event, consists of shares of common stock or other corporate Common Equity interests listed (or depositary receipts
representing shares of common stock or other corporate Common Equity interests, which depositary receipts are listed) on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market (or any of their respective
successors), or that will be so listed when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or event, and such transaction or event constitutes a Common Stock Change Event whose Reference Property consists of such consideration. 

For the avoidance of doubt, references in this definition to the Company, the Common Stock and the Companys Common
Equity will be subject to (x) Article 6 and (y) Section 5.09(A)(1)(III). 

For
the purposes of this definition, (x) any transaction or event described in both clause (A) and in clause (B)(i) or (ii) above (without regard to the proviso in clause (B)) will be deemed to occur solely
pursuant to clause (B) above (subject to such proviso); and (y) whether a Person is a beneficial owner, whether shares are beneficially owned, and percentage beneficial ownership, will be
determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Date means the date fixed for the repurchase of any Notes by the Company
pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change. 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice means a notice
(including a notice substantially in the form of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice set forth in Exhibit A) containing the information, or otherwise complying with the requirements, set forth in
Section 4.02(F)(i) and Section 4.02(F)(ii). 

Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price means the cash price payable by the Company to repurchase any Note upon its Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change, calculated pursuant to Section 4.02(D). 

Global Note means a Note that is represented by a certificate substantially in the form set forth in
ExhibitA, registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee, and deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary. 

Global Note Legend means a legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B-2. 

Holder means a person in whose name a Note is registered on
the Registrars books. 

- 5 - 

Indenture means this Indenture, as amended or
supplemented from time to time. 

Initial Purchasers means the several initial purchasers named in
Schedule 1 to the Purchase Agreement. 

Interest Payment Date means, with respect to a Note, each
April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025 (or commencing on such other date specified in the certificate representing such Note). For the avoidance of doubt, the Maturity Date is an Interest Payment Date. 

Issue Date means March 17, 2025. 

Last Original Issue Date means (A) with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement
(including any Notes issued pursuant to the exercise of the Shoe Option by the Initial Purchasers), and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, the later of (i) the Issue Date and (ii) the last date any Notes are
originally issued pursuant to the exercise of the Shoe Option; and (B) with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.03(B), and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, either
(i) the later of (x) the date such Notes are originally issued and (y) the last date any Notes are originally issued as part of the same offering pursuant to the exercise of an option granted to the initial purchaser(s) of such Notes
to purchase additional Notes; or (ii) such other date as is specified in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee before the original issuance of such Notes. 

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock for any Trading Day means the closing sale price per share
(or, if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the last bid price and the last ask price per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average last bid prices and the average last ask prices per share) of Common Stock
on such Trading Day as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed. If the Common Stock is not listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange
on such Trading Day, then the Last Reported Sale Price will be the last quoted bid price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day in the over-the-counter market as
reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock is not so quoted on such Trading Day, then the Last Reported Sale Price will be the average of the mid-point of the last bid
price and the last ask price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day from a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm selected by the Company, which may be any of the Initial Purchasers. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion
Agent will have any duty to determine the Last Reported Sale Price. 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change
means (A) a Fundamental Change (determined after giving effect to the proviso immediately after clause (D) of the definition thereof, but without regard to the proviso to clause (B)(ii) of such definition); or (B) the
sending of a Redemption Notice pursuant to Section 4.03(F); provided, however, that, subject to Section 4.03(I), the sending of a Redemption Notice will constitute a Make-Whole
Fundamental Change only with respect to the Notes called for Redemption pursuant to such Redemption Notice and not with respect to any other Notes. 

- 6 - 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period has the
following meaning: 

(A) in the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (A) of the
definition thereof, the period from, and including, the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change to, and including, the thirty-fifth (35th) Trading Day after such Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date
(or, if such Make-Whole Fundamental Change also constitutes a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), to, but excluding, the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date); and 

(B) in the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof, the period
from, and including, the Redemption Notice Date for the related Redemption to, and including, the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the related Redemption Date; 

provided, however, that if the Conversion Date for the Conversion of a Note that has been called for Redemption occurs during
the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period for both a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurring pursuant to clause (A) of the definition of Make-Whole Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change resulting
from such Redemption pursuant to clause (B) of such definition, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5.07, solely for purposes of such Conversion, (x) such Conversion Date will be
deemed to occur solely during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period for the Make-Whole Fundamental Change with the earlier Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date; and (y) the Make-Whole Fundamental Change with the later
Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date will be deemed not to have occurred. 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change
Effective Date means (A) with respect to a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (A) of the definition thereof, the date on which such Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective; and (B) with
respect to a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof, the applicable Redemption Notice Date. 

Market Disruption Event means, with respect to any date, the occurrence or existence, during the one-half hour period ending at the scheduled close of trading on such date on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange or other market on which the Common Stock is listed for trading or trades, of
any material suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common
Stock. 

Maturity Date means April 1, 2030. 

Non-Affiliate Legend means a legend substantially in the form set
forth in Exhibit B-3. 

Note Agent means any Registrar,
Paying Agent or Conversion Agent. 

- 7 - 

Notes means the 2.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030
issued by the Company pursuant to this Indenture. 

Observation Period means, with respect to any Note
to be Converted, (A) subject to clause (B) below, if the Conversion Date for such Note occurs on or before December 1, 2029, the sixty (60) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the second (2nd) VWAP
Trading Day immediately after such Conversion Date; (B) if such Conversion Date occurs on or after the date the Company has sent a Redemption Notice calling all or any Notes for Redemption pursuant to Section 4.03(F)
and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day before the related Redemption Date, the sixty (60) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the sixty-first (61st) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before such Redemption Date;
and (C) subject to clause (B) above, if such Conversion Date occurs after December 1, 2029, the sixty (60) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the sixty-first (61st) Scheduled Trading Day immediately
before the Maturity Date. 

Officer means the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive
Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, the Secretary or any Vice-President of the Company. 

Officers Certificate means a certificate that is signed on behalf of the Company by one (1) of
its Officers and that meets the requirements of Section 11.03. 

Open of
Business means 9:00 a.m., New York City time. 

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion, from
legal counsel (including an employee of, or counsel to, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, that meets the requirements of Section 11.03, subject to customary qualifications and
exclusions. 

Person or person means any individual, corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or other agency or political subdivision thereof. Any division or series of a limited liability company, limited partnership
or trust will constitute a separate person under this Indenture. 

Physical Note means a
Note (other than a Global Note) that is represented by a certificate substantially in the form set forth in ExhibitA, registered in the name of the Holder of such Note and duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee.

Purchase Agreement means that certain Purchase Agreement, dated March 12, 2025, between the
Company and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as representative of the Initial Purchasers. 

Qualified Successor
Entity means, with respect to a Business Combination Event, a corporation; provided, however, that a limited liability company, limited partnership or other similar entity will also constitute a Qualified Successor Entity
with respect to such Business Combination Event if either (A) such Business Combination Event is an Exempted Fundamental 

- 8 - 

Change; or (B) both of the following conditions are satisfied: (i) either (x) such limited liability company, limited partnership or other similar entity, as applicable, is treated as a
corporation or is a direct or indirect, Wholly Owned Subsidiary of, and disregarded as an entity separate from, a corporation, in each case for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or (y) the Company has received an opinion of a nationally
recognized tax counsel to the effect that such Business Combination Event will not be treated as an exchange under Section 1001 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for Holders or beneficial owners of the Notes; and (ii) such
Business Combination Event constitutes a Common Stock Change Event whose Reference Property consists solely of any combination of cash in U.S. dollars and shares of common stock or other corporate Common Equity interests of an entity that is
(x) treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (y) duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia; and (z) the direct or indirect parent of
such limited liability company, limited partnership or other similar entity. 

Redemption means the
repurchase of any Note by the Company pursuant to Section 4.03. 

Redemption
Date means the date fixed, pursuant to Section 4.03(D), for the settlement of the repurchase of any Notes by the Company pursuant to a Redemption. 

Redemption Notice Date means, with respect to a Redemption, the date on which the Company sends the
Redemption Notice for such Redemption pursuant to Section 4.03(F). 

Redemption
Price means the cash price payable by the Company to redeem any Note upon its Redemption, calculated pursuant to Section 4.03(E). 

Regular Record Date has the following meaning with respect to an Interest Payment Date: (A) if such
Interest Payment Date occurs on April 1, the immediately preceding March 15; and (B) if such Interest Payment Date occurs on October 1, the immediately preceding September 15. 

Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change means the repurchase of any Note by the Company pursuant to
Section 4.02. 

Responsible Officer means (A) any officer within the
corporate trust group of the Trustee (or any successor group of the Trustee) or any other officer of the Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of such officers; and (B) with respect to a particular corporate
trust matter relating to this Indenture, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of his or her knowledge of, and familiarity with, the particular subject, and who, in each case, has direct responsibility for the administration of
this Indenture. 

Restricted Note Legend means a legend substantially in the form set forth in
Exhibit B-1. 

Restricted Stock Legend means, with
respect to any Conversion Share, a legend substantially to the effect that the offer and sale of such Conversion Share have not been registered 

- 9 - 

under the Securities Act and that such Conversion Share cannot be sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to a transaction that is registered under the Securities Act or that is exempt
from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144
under the Securities Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended from time to time. 

Rule
144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended from time to time. 

Scheduled Trading Day means any day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S. national or
regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded. If the
Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then Scheduled Trading Day means a Business Day. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Security means any Note or Conversion Share. 

Settlement Method means Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement. 

Shoe Option means the Initial Purchasers option to purchase up to twenty-five million dollars
($25,000,000) aggregate principal amount of additional Notes as provided for in the Purchase Agreement. 

Significant Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person that constitutes a
significant subsidiary (as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act) of such Person; provided, however, that, if a
Subsidiary meets the criteria of clause (1)(iii), but not clause (1)(i) or (1)(ii), of the definition of significant subsidiary in Rule 1-02(w) (or, if applicable, the respective successor
clauses to the aforementioned clauses), then such Subsidiary will be deemed not to be a Significant Subsidiary of such Person unless such Subsidiarys income from continuing operations before income taxes, exclusive of amounts attributable to
any non-controlling interests, for the last completed fiscal year before the date of determination exceeds twenty-five million dollars ($25,000,000). 

Special Interest means any interest that accrues on any Note pursuant to
Section 7.03. 

Specified Dollar Amount means, with respect to the Conversion
of a Note to which Combination Settlement applies, the maximum cash amount per $1,000 principal amount of such Note deliverable upon such Conversion (excluding cash in lieu of any fractional share of Common Stock); provided, however,
that in no event will the Specified Dollar Amount be less than $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of such Note. 

- 10 - 

Stock Price has the following meaning for any Make-Whole
Fundamental Change: (A) if the holders of Common Stock receive only cash in consideration for their shares of Common Stock in such Make-Whole Fundamental Change and such Make-Whole Fundamental Change is pursuant to clause (B) of the
definition of Fundamental Change, then the Stock Price is the amount of cash paid per share of Common Stock in such Make-Whole Fundamental Change; and (B) in all other cases, the Stock Price is the average of the Last Reported Sale
Prices per share of Common Stock for the five (5) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (A) any corporation, association or other business
entity (other than a partnership or limited liability company) of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency, but after giving effect to any voting
agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable, of such corporation, association or other business entity is owned or controlled, directly
or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person; and (B) any partnership or limited liability company where (i) more than fifty percent (50%) of the capital accounts, distribution rights, equity and
voting interests, or of the general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, of such partnership or limited liability company are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such
Person, whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or limited liability company interests or otherwise; and (ii) such Person or any one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person is a controlling general
partner of, or otherwise controls, such partnership or limited liability company. 

Trading Day means
any day on which (A) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional
securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded; and (B) there is no Market Disruption Event. If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then Trading Day means a Business Day. 

Trading Price of the Notes on any Trading Day means the average of the secondary market bid quotations,
expressed as a cash amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent for one million dollars ($1,000,000) (or such lesser amount as may then be outstanding) in principal amount of Notes at approximately 3:30 p.m.,
New York City time, on such Trading Day from three (3) nationally recognized independent securities dealers selected by the Company, which may include any of the Initial Purchasers; provided, however, that, if three (3) such
bids cannot reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent but two (2) such bids are obtained, then the average of the two (2) bids will be used, and if only one (1) such bid can reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation
Agent, then that one (1) bid will be used. If, on any Trading Day, (A) the Bid Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at least one (1) bid for one million dollars ($1,000,000) (or such lesser amount as may then be outstanding) in
principal amount of Notes from a nationally recognized independent securities dealer; (B) the Company is not acting as the Bid Solicitation Agent and the Company fails to instruct the Bid 

- 11 - 

Solicitation Agent to obtain bids when required; or (C) the Bid Solicitation Agent fails to solicit bids when required, then, in each case, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of
Notes on such Trading Day will be deemed to be less than ninety-eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day. 

Transfer-Restricted Security means any Security that constitutes a restricted security (as
defined in Rule 144); provided, however, that such Security will cease to be a Transfer-Restricted Security upon the earliest to occur of the following events: 

(A) such Security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company)
pursuant to a registration statement that was effective under the Securities Act at the time of such sale or transfer; 

(B) such Security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company)
pursuant to an available exemption (including Rule 144) from the registration and prospectus-delivery requirements of, or in a transaction not subject to, the Securities Act and, immediately after such sale or transfer, such Security ceases to
constitute a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144); and 

(C) such Security is eligible for resale, by a
Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company and that has not been an Affiliate of the Company during the immediately preceding three (3) months, pursuant to Rule 144 without any limitations thereunder as to volume, manner of sale,
availability of current public information or notice. 

The Trustee is under no obligation to determine whether any
Security is a Transfer-Restricted Security and may conclusively rely on an Officers Certificate with respect thereto. 

Trust Indenture Act means the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. 

Trustee means the Person named as such in the preamble of this Indenture until a successor replaces it in
accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and, thereafter, means such successor. 

VWAP Market Disruption
Event means, with respect to any date, (A) the failure by the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed, or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional
securities exchange, the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded, to open for trading during its regular trading session on such date; or (B) the occurrence or existence, for more than
one-half hour period in the aggregate, of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock
or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common Stock, and such suspension or limitation occurs or exists at any time before 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on such date. 

VWAP Trading Day means a day on which (A) there is no VWAP Market Disruption Event; and
(B) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the principal U.S. national or 

- 12 - 

regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market
on which the Common Stock is then traded. If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then VWAP Trading Day means a Business Day. 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary of a Person means any Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Capital
Stock or other ownership interests of which (other than directors qualifying shares) are owned by such Person or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 

Section 1.02. OTHER DEFINITIONS. 

Term Defined in

Section 

Additional Shares 5.07(A) 

Business Combination Event 6.01(A) 

Cash Settlement 5.03(A) 

Combination Settlement 5.03(A) 

Common Stock Change Event 5.09(A) 

Conversion Agent 2.06(A) 

Conversion Consideration 5.03(B) 

Default Interest 2.05(B) 

Defaulted Amount 2.05(B) 

Deferred Additional Interest 3.04(C)(i) 

Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request 3.04(C)(i) 

Dividend Threshold 5.05(A)(iv) 

Event of Default 7.01(A) 

Expiration Date 5.05(A)(v) 

Expiration Time 5.05(A)(v) 

Fundamental Change Notice 4.02(E) 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Right 4.02(A) 

Initial Notes 2.03(A) 

Measurement Period 5.01(C)(i)(2) 

Notice of Election to Pay Deferred Additional Interest 3.04(C)(i) 

Paying Agent 2.06(A) 

Redemption Notice 4.03(F) 

Reference Property 5.09(A) 

Reference Property Unit 5.09(A) 

Register 2.06(B) 

Registrar 2.06(A) 

Reporting Event of Default 7.03(A) 

Specified Courts 11.07 

Spin-Off 5.05(A)(iii)(2) 

Spin-Off Valuation Period 5.05(A)(iii)(2) 

Stated Interest 2.05(A) 

Successor Entity 6.01(A) 

- 13 - 

Successor Person 5.09(A) 

Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period 5.05(A)(v) 

Trading Price Condition 5.01(C)(i)(2) 

Section 1.03. RULESOF CONSTRUCTION.

For purposes of this Indenture: 

(A) or is not exclusive; 

(B) including means including without limitation; 

(C) will expresses a command; 

(D) the average of a set of numerical values refers to the arithmetic average of such numerical values; 

(E) a merger involving, or a transfer of assets by, a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust will be deemed
to include any division of or by, or an allocation of assets to a series of, such limited liability company, limited partnership or trust, or any unwinding of any such division or allocation; 

(F) words in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular, unless the context requires otherwise;

(G) herein, hereof and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not
to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision of this Indenture, unless the context requires otherwise; 

(H)
references to currency mean the lawful currency of the United States of America, unless the context requires otherwise; 

(I) the exhibits, schedules and other attachments to this Indenture are deemed to form part of this Indenture; and 

(J) the term interest, when used with respect to a Note, includes any Default Interest, Additional Interest
(including, if applicable, Deferred Additional Interest and interest on such Deferred Additional Interest) and Special Interest, unless the context requires otherwise. 

Article 2. THE NOTES 

Section 2.01. FORM, DATINGAND DENOMINATIONS. 

The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication will be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A.
The Notes will bear the legends required by Section 2.09 and may bear notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage or the Depositary. Each Note will be dated as of the date of its
authentication. 

- 14 - 

Except to the extent otherwise provided in a Company Order delivered to the
Trustee in connection with the issuance and authentication thereof, the Notes will be issued initially in the form of one or more Global Notes. Global Notes may be exchanged for Physical Notes, and Physical Notes may be exchanged for Global Notes,
only as provided in Section 2.10. 

The Notes will be issuable only in registered form without
interest coupons and only in Authorized Denominations. 

Each certificate representing a Note will bear a unique
registration number that is not affixed to any other certificate representing another outstanding Note. 

The terms
contained in the Notes constitute part of this Indenture, and, to the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, agree to such terms and to be bound thereby; provided, however,
that, to the extent that any provision of any Note conflicts with the provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture will control for purposes of this Indenture and such Note. 

Section 2.02. EXECUTION, AUTHENTICATIONAND DELIVERY. 

(A) Due Execution by the Company. At least one (1) duly authorized Officer will sign the Notes on behalf of the
Company by manual, electronic or facsimile signature. A Notes validity will not be affected by the failure of any Officer whose signature is on any Note to hold, at the time such Note is authenticated, the same or any other office at the
Company. 

(B) Authentication by the Trustee and Delivery. 

(i) No Note will be valid until it is authenticated by the Trustee. A Note will be deemed to be duly
authenticated only when an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent) manually signs the certificate of authentication of such Note. 

(ii) The Trustee will cause an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent)
to manually sign the certificate of authentication of a Note only if (1) the Company delivers such Note to the Trustee; (2) such Note is executed by the Company in accordance with Section 2.02(A); and (3) the
Company delivers a Company Order to the Trustee that (a) requests the Trustee to authenticate such Note; and (b) sets forth the name of the Holder of such Note and the date as of which such Note is to be authenticated. If such Company
Order also requests the Trustee to deliver such Note to any Holder or to the Depositary, then the Trustee will promptly deliver such Note in accordance with such Company Order. 

(iii) The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate Notes. A duly
appointed authenticating agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so under this Indenture, and a Note authenticated as provided in this Indenture by such an agent will be deemed, for purposes of this Indenture, to be authenticated by
the Trustee. Each duly appointed authenticating agent will have the same rights to deal with the Company as the Trustee would have if it were performing the 

- 15 - 

duties that the authenticating agent was validly appointed to undertake. 

Section 2.03. INITIAL NOTESAND ADDITIONAL NOTES. 

(A) Initial Notes. On the Issue Date, there will be originally issued two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000)
aggregate principal amount of Notes, subject to the provisions of this Indenture (including Section 2.02). If the Initial Purchasers exercise the Shoe Option, then there will be originally issued up to an additional
twenty-five million dollars ($25,000,000) principal amount of Notes pursuant to such exercise, subject to the provisions of this Indenture (including Section 2.02). Notes issued pursuant to this
Section 2.03(A), and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, are referred to in this Indenture as the Initial Notes. 

(B) Additional Notes. Without the consent of, or notice to, any Holder, the Company may, subject to the provisions of
this Indenture (including Section 2.02), originally issue additional Notes with the same terms as the Initial Notes (except, to the extent applicable, with respect to the date as of which interest begins to accrue on such
additional Notes and the first Interest Payment Date and the Last Original Issue Date of such additional Notes), which additional Notes will, subject to the foregoing, be considered to be part of the same series of, and rank equally and ratably with
all other, Notes issued under this Indenture; provided, however, that if any such additional Notes (and any Notes that are resold after such Notes have been purchased or otherwise acquired by the Company or its Subsidiaries) are not
fungible with other Notes issued under this Indenture for purposes of federal income tax or federal securities laws or, if applicable, the Depositary Procedures, then such additional or resold Notes will be identified by a separate CUSIP number or
by no CUSIP number. 

Section 2.04. METHODOF PAYMENT. 

(A) Global Notes. The Company will pay, or cause the Paying Agent to pay, the principal (whether due upon maturity on
the Maturity Date, Redemption on a Redemption Date or repurchase on a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or otherwise) of, interest on, and any cash Conversion Consideration for, any Global Note to the Depositary by wire transfer of immediately
available funds no later than the time the same is due as provided in this Indenture. 

(B) Physical Notes. The
Company will pay, or cause the Paying Agent to pay, the principal (whether due upon maturity on the Maturity Date, Redemption on a Redemption Date or repurchase on a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or otherwise) of, interest on, and any cash
Conversion Consideration for, any Physical Note no later than the time the same is due as provided in this Indenture as follows: (i) if the principal amount of such Physical Note is at least five million dollars ($5,000,000) (or such lower
amount as the Company may choose in its sole and absolute discretion) and the Holder of such Physical Note entitled to such payment has delivered to the Paying Agent or the Trustee, no later than the time set forth in the immediately following
sentence, a written request that the Company make such payment by wire transfer to an account of such Holder within the United States that is specified in such request, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account; and
(ii) in all other cases, by check mailed to the address of the Holder of such Physical Note entitled to such payment as set forth in the Register. To be timely, such written request must be so delivered no later than the Close of Business on
the following date: (x) with respect to the payment of any interest due on an Interest Payment Date, the immediately 

- 16 - 

preceding Regular Record Date; (y) with respect to any cash Conversion Consideration, the relevant Conversion Date; and (z) with respect to any other payment, the date that is fifteen
(15) calendar days immediately before the date such payment is due. 

Section 2.05. ACCRUALOF
INTEREST; DEFAULTED AMOUNTS; WHEN PAYMENT DATEIS NOTA BUSINESS DAY. 

(A) Accrual of Interest. Each Note will accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to 2.75% (the Stated
Interest), plus any Default Interest, Additional Interest and Special Interest that may accrue pursuant to Sections 2.05(B), 3.04 and 7.03, respectively. Stated Interest on each Note will (i) accrue from, and
including, the most recent date to which Stated Interest has been paid or duly provided for (or, if no Stated Interest has theretofore been paid or duly provided for, the date set forth in the certificate representing such Note as the date from, and
including, which Stated Interest will begin to accrue in such circumstance) to, but excluding, the date of payment of such Stated Interest; and (ii) be, subject to Sections4.02(D), 4.03(E) and 5.02(D) (but without
duplication of any payment of interest), payable semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, beginning on the first Interest Payment Date set forth in the certificate representing such Note, to the Holder of such Note as of the Close of
Business on the immediately preceding Regular Record Date. Stated Interest, and, if applicable, Additional Interest and Special Interest, on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised
of twelve 30-day months. 

(B) Defaulted Amounts. If the Company fails to
pay any amount (a Defaulted Amount) payable on a Note on or before the due date therefor as provided in this Indenture, then, regardless of whether such failure constitutes an Event of Default, (i) such Defaulted Amount will
forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder of such Note otherwise entitled to such payment; (ii) to the extent lawful, interest (Default Interest) will accrue on such Defaulted Amount at a rate per annum equal to the rate
per annum at which Stated Interest accrues, from, and including, such due date to, but excluding, the date of payment of such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest; and (iii) such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest will be paid, at the
Companys election, as provided in clause (i) or (ii) below. 

(i) Payment of
Default Amounts on a Special Payment Date. The Company will have the right to pay such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest on a payment date selected by the Company to the Holder of such Note as of the Close of Business on a special record
date selected by the Company, provided that (1) such special record date is no more than fifteen (15), nor less than ten (10), calendar days before such payment date; and (2) at least fifteen (15) calendar days before such
special record date, the Company sends notice to the Trustee and the Holders that states such special record date, such payment date and the amount of such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest to be paid on such payment date. 

(ii) Payment of Default Amount in Any Other Lawful Manner. If not paid in accordance with
Section 2.05(B)(i), such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest will be paid by the Company in any other lawful manner. 

(C) Delay of Payment When Payment Date Is Not a Business Day. If the due date for a payment on a Note as provided in
this Indenture is not a Business Day, then, notwithstanding 

- 17 - 

anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, such payment may be made on the immediately following Business Day with the same force and effect as if such payment were made on such due
date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no interest will accrue on such payment as a result of the related delay). Solely for purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, a day on which the applicable place of payment is authorized or required by
law or executive order to close or be closed will be deemed not to be a Business Day. 

(D) Special
Provision for Global Notes. If the first date on which any Additional Interest or Special Interest begins to accrue on a Global Note is on or after the fifth (5th) Business Day before a Regular Record Date and before the next Interest Payment
Date, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the amount thereof accruing in respect of the period from, and including, such first date to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will not be payable on such
Interest Payment Date but will instead be deemed to accrue (without duplication) entirely on such Interest Payment Date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no interest will accrue as a result of the related delay). 

Section 2.06. REGISTRAR, PAYING AGENTAND CONVERSION
AGENT. 

(A) Generally. The Company will maintain (i) an office or agency in the continental
United States where Notes may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange (the Registrar); (ii) an office or agency in the continental United States where Notes may be presented for payment (the Paying
Agent); and (iii) an office or agency in the continental United States where Notes may be presented for Conversion (the Conversion Agent). If the Company fails to maintain a Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion
Agent, then the Trustee will act as such and will receive compensation therefor in accordance with this Indenture and any other agreement between the Trustee and the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act
as Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, without prior notice to Holders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.06(A), each of the Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent with respect to any
Global Note must at all times be a Person that is eligible to act in that capacity under the Depositary Procedures. 

(B)
Duties of the Registrar. The Registrar will keep a record (the Register) of the names and addresses of the Holders, the Notes held by each Holder and the transfer, exchange, repurchase, Redemption and Conversion of Notes.
Absent manifest error, the entries in the Register will be conclusive and the Company and the Trustee may treat each Person whose name is recorded as a Holder in the Register as a Holder for all purposes. The Register will be in written form or in
any form capable of being converted into written form reasonably promptly. 

(C)
Co-Agents; Companys Right to Appoint Successor Registrars, Paying Agents and Conversion Agents. The Company may appoint one or more co-Registrars,co-Paying Agents and co-Conversion Agents, each of whom will be deemed to be a Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, as applicable, under this Indenture. Subject to Section 2.06(A),
the Company may change any Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent (including appointing itself or any of its Subsidiaries to act in such capacity) without notice to any Holder. The Company will notify the Trustee (and, upon request, any Holder)
of the name and address of each Note Agent, if any, not a party to this Indenture and will enter into an appropriate agency agreement with each such Note Agent, which agreement will implement the provisions of this Indenture that relate to such Note
Agent. 

- 18 - 

(D) Initial Appointments. The Company appoints the Trustee as, and
designates its corporate trust office in the continental United States identified in Section 11.01 as the office for, the initial Paying Agent, the initial Registrar and the initial Conversion Agent. 

Section 2.07. PAYING AGENTAND CONVERSION AGENTTO HOLD PROPERTYIN TRUST. 

The Company will
require each Paying Agent or Conversion Agent that is not the Trustee to agree in writing that such Note Agent will (A) hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money and other property held by such Note Agent for payment or
delivery due on the Notes; and (B) notify the Trustee of any default by the Company in making any such payment or delivery. The Company, at any time, may, and the Trustee, while any Default continues, may, require a Paying Agent or Conversion
Agent to pay or deliver, as applicable, all money and other property held by it to the Trustee, after which payment or delivery, as applicable, such Note Agent (if not the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) will have no further liability for such
money or property. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries acts as Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, then (A) it will segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders or the Trustee all money and other property held
by it as Paying Agent or Conversion Agent; and (B) references in this Indenture or the Notes to the Paying Agent or Conversion Agent holding cash or other property, or to the delivery of cash or other property to the Paying Agent or Conversion
Agent, in each case for payment or delivery to any Holders or the Trustee or with respect to the Notes, will be deemed to refer to cash or other property so segregated and held separately, or to the segregation and separate holding of such cash or
other property, respectively. Upon the occurrence of any event pursuant to clause(ix) or (x) of Section 7.01(A) with respect to the Company (or with respect to any Subsidiary of the Company acting
as Paying Agent or Conversion Agent), the Trustee will serve as the Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, as applicable, for the Notes. 

Section 2.08. HOLDER LISTS. 

If the Trustee is not the Registrar, then the Company will furnish to the Trustee, no later than seven (7) Business Days
before each Interest Payment Date, and at such other times as the Trustee may request, a list, in such form and as of such date or time as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Holders. 

Section 2.09. LEGENDS. 

(A) Global Note Legend. Each Global Note will bear the Global Note Legend (or any similar legend, not inconsistent with
this Indenture, required by the Depositary for such Global Note). 

(B)
Non-Affiliate Legend. Each Note will bear the Non-Affiliate Legend. 

(C) Restricted Note Legend. Subject to Section 2.12, 

(i) each Note that is a Transfer-Restricted Security will bear the Restricted Note Legend; and 

- 19 - 

(ii) if a Note is issued in exchange for, in substitution
of, or to effect a partial Conversion of, another Note (such other Note being referred to as the old Note for purposes of this Section 2.09(C)(ii)), including pursuant to Section 2.10(B),
2.10(C), 2.11 or 2.13, then such Note will bear the Restricted Note Legend if such old Note bore the Restricted Note Legend at the time of such exchange or substitution, or on the related Conversion Date with respect to such
Conversion, as applicable; provided, however, that such Note need not bear the Restricted Note Legend if such Note does not constitute a Transfer-Restricted Security immediately after such exchange or substitution, or as of such
Conversion Date, as applicable. 

(D) Other Legends. A Note may bear any other legend or text, not inconsistent with
this Indenture, as may be required by applicable law or by any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which such Note is traded or quoted. 

(E) Acknowledgment and Agreement by the Holders. A Holders acceptance of any Note bearing any legend required by
this Section 2.09 will constitute such Holders acknowledgment of, and agreement to comply with, the restrictions set forth in such legend. 

(F) Restricted Stock Legend. 

(i) Each Conversion Share will bear the Restricted Stock Legend if the Note upon the Conversion of which such
Conversion Share was issued was (or would have been had it not been Converted) a Transfer-Restricted Security at the time such Conversion Share was issued; provided, however, that such Conversion Share need not bear the Restricted
Stock Legend if the Company determines, in its reasonable discretion, that such Conversion Share need not bear the Restricted Stock Legend. 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.09(F), a Conversion
Share need not bear a Restricted Stock Legend if such Conversion Share is issued in an uncertificated form that does not permit affixing legends thereto, provided the Company takes measures (including the assignment thereto of a
restricted CUSIP number) that it reasonably deems appropriate to enforce the transfer restrictions referred to in the Restricted Stock Legend. 

Section 2.10. TRANSFERSAND EXCHANGES; CERTAIN TRANSFER
RESTRICTIONS. 

(A) Provisions Applicable to All Transfers and Exchanges. 

(i) Generally. Subject to this Section 2.10, Physical Notes and beneficial
interests in Global Notes may be transferred or exchanged from time to time and the Registrar will record each such transfer or exchange in the Register. 

(ii) Transferred and Exchanged Notes Remain Valid Obligations of the Company. Each Note issued upon
transfer or exchange of any other Note (such other Note being referred to as the old Note for purposes of this Section 2.10(A)(ii)) or portion thereof in accordance with this Indenture will be the valid
obligation of the Company, evidencing the same indebtedness, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as such old Note or portion thereof, as applicable. 

- 20 - 

(iii) No Services Charge; Transfer Taxes. The
Company, the Trustee and the Note Agents will not impose any service charge on any Holder for any transfer, exchange or Conversion of Notes, but the Company, the Trustee, the Registrar and the Conversion Agent may, subject to Section 5.02(E),
require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or duty described in Section 5.02(E) that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, exchange or Conversion of Notes, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 2.11,
2.17 or 8.05 not involving any transfer. 

(iv) Transfers and Exchanges Must Be in
Authorized Denominations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, a Note may not be transferred or exchanged in part unless the portion to be so transferred or exchanged is in an Authorized Denomination. 

(v) Trustees Disclaimer. The Trustee will have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or
inquire as to compliance with any transfer restrictions imposed under this Indenture or applicable law with respect to any Security, other than to require the delivery of such certificates or other documentation or evidence as expressly required by
this Indenture and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the requirements of this Indenture. 

(vi) Legends. Each Note issued upon transfer of, or in exchange for, another Note will bear each legend,
if any, required by Section 2.09. 

(vii) Settlement of Transfers and
Exchanges. Upon satisfaction of the requirements of this Indenture to effect a transfer or exchange of any Note, the Company will cause such transfer or exchange to be effected as soon as reasonably practicable but in no event later than the
second (2nd) Business Day after the date of such satisfaction. 

(viii) Interpretation. For the
avoidance of doubt, and subject to the terms of this Indenture, as used in this Section 2.10, an exchange of a Global Note or a Physical Note includes (x) an exchange effected for the sole purpose of
removing any Restricted Note Legend affixed to such Global Note or Physical Note; and (y) if such Global Note or Physical Note is identified by a restricted CUSIP number, an exchange effected for the sole purpose of causing such
Global Note or Physical Note to be identified by an unrestricted CUSIP number. 

(B) Transfers and Exchanges
of Global Notes.

(i) Certain Restrictions. Subject to the immediately following sentence, no
Global Note may be transferred or exchanged in whole except (x) by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary; (y) by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the Depositary; or (z) by the Depositary
or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. No Global Note (or any portion thereof) may be transferred to, or exchanged for, a Physical Note; provided, however, that a Global Note will be
exchanged, pursuant to customary procedures, for one 

- 21 - 

or more Physical Notes if: 

(1) (x) the Depositary
notifies the Company or the Trustee that the Depositary is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Global Note or (y) the Depositary ceases to be a clearing agency registered under Section 17A of the Exchange Act
and, in each case, the Company fails to appoint a successor Depositary within ninety (90) days of such notice or cessation; 

(2) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Company, the Trustee or the Registrar has
received a written request from the Depositary, or from a holder of a beneficial interest in such Global Note, to exchange such Global Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, for one or more Physical Notes; or 

(3) the Company, in its sole discretion, permits the exchange of any beneficial interest in such Global Note
for one or more Physical Notes at the written request of the owner of such beneficial interest. 

(ii)
Effecting Transfers and Exchanges. Upon satisfaction of the requirements of this Indenture to effect a transfer or exchange of any Global Note (or any portion thereof): 

(1) the Trustee will reflect any resulting decrease of the principal amount of such Global Note by notation on
the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of such Global Note (and, if such notation results in such Global Note having a principal amount of zero, then the Company may (but is not required to) instruct the
Trustee to cancel such Global Note pursuant to Section 2.15); 

(2) if required to
effect such transfer or exchange, then the Trustee will reflect any resulting increase of the principal amount of any other Global Note by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of such other
Global Note; 

(3) if required to effect such transfer or exchange, then the Company will issue, execute and
deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, a new Global Note bearing each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09; and 

(4) if such Global Note (or such portion thereof), or any beneficial interest therein, is to be exchanged for
one or more Physical Notes, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized
Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Note to be so exchanged; (y) are registered in such name(s) as the Depositary specifies (or as otherwise determined pursuant to customary
procedures); and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09. 

- 22 - 

(iii) Compliance with Depositary Procedures. Each
transfer or exchange of a beneficial interest in any Global Note will be made in accordance with the Depositary Procedures. 

(C) Transfers and Exchanges of Physical Notes.

(i) Requirements for Transfers and Exchanges. Subject to this Section 2.10, a
Holder of a Physical Note may (x) transfer such Physical Note (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) to one or more other Person(s); (y) exchange such Physical Note (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) for one
or more other Physical Notes in Authorized Denominations having an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Physical Note (or portion thereof) to be so exchanged; and (z) if then permitted by the Depositary
Procedures, transfer such Physical Note (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) in exchange for a beneficial interest in one or more Global Notes; provided, however, that, to effect any such transfer or exchange, such
Holder must: 

(1) surrender such Physical Note to be transferred or exchanged to the office of the
Registrar, together with any endorsements or transfer instruments reasonably required by the Company, the Trustee or the Registrar; and 

(2) deliver such certificates, documentation or evidence as may be required pursuant to
Section 2.10(D). 

(ii) Effecting Transfers and Exchanges. Upon the
satisfaction of the requirements of this Indenture to effect a transfer or exchange of any Physical Note (such Physical Note being referred to as the old Physical Note for purposes of this Section 2.10(C)(ii))
of a Holder (or any portion of such old Physical Note in an Authorized Denomination): 

(1) such old
Physical Note will be promptly cancelled pursuant to Section 2.15; 

(2) if such
old Physical Note is to be so transferred or exchanged only in part, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical
Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such old Physical Note not to be so transferred or exchanged; (y) are registered in the name of such Holder; and
(z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09; 

(3) in the case of
a transfer: 

(a) to the Depositary or a nominee thereof that will hold its interest in such old Physical
Note (or such portion thereof) to be so transferred in the form of one or more Global Notes, the Trustee will reflect an increase of the principal amount of one or more existing Global Notes by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of
Interests in the Global Note 

- 23 - 

forming part of such Global Note(s), which increase(s) are in Authorized Denominations and aggregate to the principal amount to be so transferred, and which Global Note(s) bear each legend, if
any, required by Section 2.09; provided, however, that if such transfer cannot be so effected by notation on one or more existing Global Notes (whether because no Global Notes bearing each legend, if any,
required by Section 2.09 then exist, because any such increase will result in any Global Note having an aggregate principal amount exceeding the maximum aggregate principal amount permitted by the Depositary or otherwise),
then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Global Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate
principal amount equal to the principal amount that is to be so transferred but that is not effected by notation as provided above; and (y) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09; and 

(b) to a transferee that will hold its interest in such old Physical Note (or such portion thereof) to be so
transferred in the form of one or more Physical Notes, the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that
(x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount to be so transferred; (y) are registered in the name of such transferee; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by
Section 2.09; and 

(4) in the case of an exchange, the Company will issue,
execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to
the principal amount to be so exchanged; (y) are registered in the name of the Person to whom such old Physical Note was registered; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09. 

(D) Requirement to Deliver Documentation and Other Evidence. If a Holder of any Note that is identified by a
restricted CUSIP number or that bears a Restricted Note Legend or is a Transfer-Restricted Security requests to: 

(i) cause such Note to be identified by an unrestricted CUSIP number; 

(ii) remove such Restricted Note Legend; or 

(iii) register the transfer of such Note to the name of another Person, 

then the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar may refuse to effect such identification, removal or transfer, as applicable, unless there is
delivered to the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar such certificates or other documentation or evidence as the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar may reasonably require for the Company to determine that such identification, removal or
transfer, as applicable, complies with the Securities Act and other applicable securities laws; provided, 

- 24 - 

however, that no such certificates, documentation or evidence need be so delivered on or after the Free Trade Date with respect to such Note unless the Company determines, in its
reasonable discretion, that such Note is not eligible to be offered, sold or otherwise transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise without any requirements as to volume, manner of sale, availability of current public information or notice under
the Securities Act. 

(E) Transfers of Notes Subject to Redemption, Repurchase or Conversion. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar will not be required to register the transfer of or exchange any Note that (i) has been surrendered for Conversion, except to the extent that
any portion of such Note is not subject to Conversion; (ii) is subject to a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice validly delivered, and not withdrawn, pursuant to Section 4.02(F), except to the extent that any portion
of such Note is not subject to such notice or the Company fails to pay the applicable Fundamental Change Repurchase Price when due; or (iii) has been selected for Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Notice, except to the extent that any portion
of such Note is not subject to Redemption or the Company fails to pay the applicable Redemption Price when due. 

Section 2.11.
EXCHANGEAND CANCELLATIONOF NOTESTO BE CONVERTEDORTO BE
REPURCHASED PURSUANTTOA REPURCHASE UPON FUNDAMENTAL CHANGEOR REDEMPTION. 

(A) Partial Conversions of Physical Notes and Partial Repurchases of Physical Notes Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon
Fundamental Changeor Redemption. If only a portion of a Physical Note of a Holder is to be Converted pursuant to Article 5 or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or Redemption, then, as soon as reasonably
practicable after such Physical Note is surrendered for such Conversion or repurchase, as applicable, the Company will cause such Physical Note to be exchanged, pursuant and subject to Section 2.10(C), for (i) one or
more Physical Notes that are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Physical Note that is not to be so Converted or repurchased, as applicable, and deliver such Physical Note(s) to
such Holder; and (ii) a Physical Note having a principal amount equal to the principal amount to be so Converted or repurchased, as applicable, which Physical Note will be Converted or repurchased, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of this
Indenture; provided, however, that the Physical Note referred to in this clause (ii) need not be issued at any time after which such principal amount subject to such Conversion or repurchase, as applicable, is deemed to
cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 2.18. 

(B) Cancellation of Notes that Are
Converted and Notes that Are Repurchased Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Changeor Redemption. 

(i) Physical Notes. If a Physical Note (or any portion thereof that has not theretofore been exchanged
pursuant to Section 2.11(A)) of a Holder is to be Converted pursuant to Article 5 or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or Redemption, then, promptly after the later of the time such
Physical Note (or such portion) is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 2.18 and the time such Physical Note is surrendered for such Conversion or repurchase, as applicable, (1) such Physical Note will
be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.15; and (2) in the case of a partial Conversion or repurchase, as applicable, the Company will issue, execute and deliver to such Holder, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each
case in accordance with Section 

- 25 - 

2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Physical Note that is not to be
so Converted or repurchased, as applicable; (y) are registered in the name of such Holder; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09. 

(ii) Global Notes. If a Global Note (or any portion thereof) is to be Converted pursuant to Article
5 or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or Redemption, then, promptly after the time such Note (or such portion) is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 2.18, the Trustee will
reflect a decrease of the principal amount of such Global Note in an amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Note to be so Converted or repurchased, as applicable, by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global
Note forming part of such Global Note (and, if the principal amount of such Global Note is zero following such notation, cancel such Global Note pursuant to Section 2.15). 

Section 2.12. REMOVALOF TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS. 

Without limiting the generality of any other provision of this Indenture (including Section 3.04),
the Restricted Note Legend affixed to any Note will be deemed, pursuant to this Section 2.12 and the footnote to such Restricted Note Legend, to be removed therefrom upon the Companys delivery to the Trustee of
notice, signed on behalf of the Company by one (1) of its Officers, to such effect (and, for the avoidance of doubt, such notice need not be accompanied by an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel in order to be effective to cause
such Restricted Note Legend to be deemed to be removed from such Note). If such Note bears a restricted CUSIP or ISIN number at the time of such delivery, then, upon such delivery, such Note will be deemed, pursuant to this
Section 2.12 and the footnotes to the CUSIP and ISIN numbers set forth on the face of the certificate representing such Note, to thereafter bear the unrestricted CUSIP and ISIN numbers identified in such
footnotes; provided, however, that if such Note is a Global Note and the Depositary thereof requires a mandatory exchange or other procedure to cause such Global Note to be identified by unrestricted CUSIP and ISIN numbers
in the facilities of such Depositary, then (i) the Company will effect such exchange or procedure as soon as reasonably practicable; and (ii) for purposes of Section 3.04 and the definition of Freely Tradable,
such Global Note will not be deemed to be identified by unrestricted CUSIP and ISIN numbers until such time as such exchange or procedure is effected. 

Section 2.13. REPLACEMENT NOTES. 

If a Holder of any Note claims that such Note has been mutilated, lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, then the Company will
issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, a replacement Note upon surrender to the Trustee of such mutilated Note, or upon delivery to the Trustee of
evidence of such loss, destruction or wrongful taking reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee and the Company. The Company may charge the Holder of a Note for the Companys and the Trustees expenses in replacing such Note pursuant to this
Section 2.13. In addition, in the case of a lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Note, the Company and the Trustee may require the Holder thereof to provide such security or indemnity that is satisfactory to the Company and
the Trustee to protect the Company and the Trustee from any loss that any of them may suffer if such Note is replaced. 

- 26 - 

Every replacement Note issued pursuant to this
Section 2.13 will be an additional obligation of the Company and will be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and ratably with all other Notes issued under this Indenture, regardless of whether the
related lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Note is at any time enforceable by any Person. 

Section 2.14. REGISTERED
HOLDERS; CERTAIN RIGHTSWITH RESPECTTO GLOBAL NOTES. 

Only the Holder of a Note will have rights under this Indenture as the owner of such Note. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, Depositary Participants will have no rights as such under this Indenture with respect to any Global Note held on their behalf by the Depositary or its nominee, or by the Trustee as its custodian, and the Company, the Trustee and the
Note Agents, and their respective agents, may treat the Depositary as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes whatsoever; provided, however, that (A) the Holder of any Global Note may grant proxies and otherwise
authorize any Person, including Depositary Participants and Persons that hold interests in Notes through Depositary Participants, to take any action that such Holder is entitled to take with respect to such Global Note under this Indenture or the
Notes; and (B) the Company and the Trustee, and their respective agents, may give effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary. 

Section 2.15. CANCELLATION. 

The Company may at any time deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Conversion
Agent will forward to the Trustee each Note duly surrendered to them for transfer, exchange, payment or Conversion. The Trustee will promptly cancel all Notes so surrendered to it in accordance with its customary procedures. Without limiting the
generality of Section 2.03(B), the Company may not originally issue new Notes to replace Notes that it has paid or that have been cancelled upon transfer, exchange, payment or Conversion. 

Section 2.16. NOTES HELDBYTHE COMPANYORITS AFFILIATES. 

Without limiting the generality of Section 2.18, in
determining whether the Holders of the required aggregate principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Notes owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates will be deemed not to be outstanding; provided,
however, that, for purposes of determining whether the Trustee is protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee knows are so owned will be so disregarded. 

Section 2.17. TEMPORARY NOTES. 

Until definitive Notes are ready for delivery, the Company may issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate,
in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, temporary Notes. Temporary Notes will be substantially in the form of definitive Notes but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary Notes. The
Company will promptly prepare, issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes. Until so exchanged, each
temporary Note will in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Notes. 

- 27 - 

Section 2.18. OUTSTANDING NOTES. 

(A) Generally. The Notes that are outstanding at any time will be deemed to be those Notes that, at such time, have been
duly executed and authenticated, excluding those Notes (or portions thereof) that have theretofore been (i) cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.15; (ii)
assigned a principal amount of zero by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of any a Global Note representing such Note; (iii) paid in full (including upon Conversion) in accordance with
this Indenture; or (iv) deemed to cease to be outstanding to the extent provided in, and subject to, clause (B), (C) or (D) of this Section 2.18. 

(B) Replaced Notes. If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.13, then such Note will cease
to be outstanding at the time of its replacement, unless the Trustee and the Company receive proof reasonably satisfactory to them that such Note is held by a bona fide purchaser under applicable law. 

(C) Maturing Notes and Notes Called for Redemption or Subject to Repurchase. If, on a Redemption Date, a Fundamental
Change Repurchase Date or the Maturity Date, the Paying Agent holds money sufficient to pay the aggregate Redemption Price, Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or principal amount, respectively, together, in each case, with the aggregate interest,
in each case due on such date, then (unless there occurs a Default in the payment of any such amount) (i) the Notes (or portions thereof) to be redeemed or repurchased, or that mature, on such date will be deemed, as of such date, to cease to
be outstanding, except to the extent provided in Section 4.02(D), 4.03(E) or 5.02(D); and (ii) the rights of the Holders of such Notes (or such portions thereof), as such, will terminate with respect to
such Notes (or such portions thereof), other than the right to receive the Redemption Price, Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or principal amount, as applicable, of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, such Notes (or such portions thereof), in
each case as provided in this Indenture. 

(D) Notes to Be Converted. At the Close of Business on the
Conversion Date for any Note (or any portion thereof) to be Converted, such Note (or such portion) will (unless there occurs a Default in the delivery of the Conversion Consideration or interest due, pursuant to
Section 5.03(B) or Section 5.02(D), upon such Conversion) be deemed to cease to be outstanding, except to the extent provided in Section 5.02(D) or
Section 5.08. 

(E) Cessation of Accrual of Interest. Except as provided in
Section 4.02(D), 4.03(E) or 5.02(D), interest will cease to accrue on each Note from, and including, the date that such Note is deemed, pursuant to this Section 2.18, to cease to be
outstanding, unless there occurs a Default in the payment or delivery of any cash or other property due on such Note. 

Section 2.19.
REPURCHASESBYTHE COMPANY. 

Without limiting the
generality of Section 2.15, the Company may, from time to time, repurchase Notes in open market purchases or in negotiated transactions without delivering prior notice to Holders. 

- 28 - 

Section 2.20. CUSIP AND ISIN NUMBERS. 

Subject to Section 2.12, the Company may use one or more CUSIP or ISIN numbers to identify any of the
Notes, and, if so, the Company and the Trustee will use such CUSIP or ISIN number(s) in notices to Holders; provided, however, that (i) the Trustee makes no representation as to the correctness or accuracy of any such CUSIP or
ISIN number; and (ii) the effectiveness of any such notice will not be affected by any defect in, or omission of, any such CUSIP or ISIN number. The Company will promptly notify the Trustee of any change in the CUSIP or ISIN number(s)
identifying any Notes. 

Article 3. COVENANTS 

Section 3.01. PAYMENTON NOTES. 

(A) Generally. The Company will pay or cause to be paid all the principal of, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price
and Redemption Price for, interest on, and other amounts due with respect to, the Notes on the dates and in the manner set forth in this Indenture. 

(B) Deposit of Funds. Before 11:00 A.M., New York City time, on each Redemption Date, Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date or Interest Payment Date, and on the Maturity Date or any other date on which any cash amount is due on the Notes, the Company will deposit, or will cause there to be deposited, with the Paying Agent cash, in funds immediately available on such
date, sufficient to pay the cash amount due on the applicable Notes on such date. The Paying Agent will return to the Company, as soon as practicable, any money not required for such purpose. 

Section 3.02. EXCHANGE ACT REPORTS. 

(A) Generally. The Company will send to the Trustee copies of all reports that the Company is required to file with the
SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (other than Form 8-K reports) within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date that the Company is required to file the same (after giving
effect to all applicable grace periods under the Exchange Act); provided, however, that the Company need not send to the Trustee any material for which the Company has received, or is seeking in good faith and has not been denied,
confidential treatment by the SEC. Any such report that the Company files with the SEC through the EDGAR system (or any successor thereto) will be deemed to be sent to the Trustee at the time such report is so filed via the EDGAR system (or such
successor). Upon the request of any Holder, the Trustee will provide to such Holder a copy of any report that the Company has sent the Trustee pursuant to this Section 3.02(A), other than a report that is deemed to be sent
to the Trustee pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

The grace periods referred to in the preceding paragraph
with respect to any report will include the maximum period afforded by Rule 12b-25 (or any successor rule thereto) under the Exchange Act regardless of whether the Company files, or indicates in the related
Form 12b-25 (or any successor form thereto) that Company expects to or will file, such report before the expiration of such maximum period. 

- 29 - 

(B) Trustees Disclaimer. The Trustee need not determine whether
the Company has filed any material via the EDGAR system (or such successor). The sending or filing of reports pursuant to Section 3.02(A) will not be deemed to constitute actual or constructive notice to the Trustee of any
information contained, or determinable from information contained, therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants under this Indenture. 

Section 3.03. RULE 144A INFORMATION. 

If the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act at any time when any Notes or shares of Common
Stock issuable upon Conversion of the Notes are outstanding and constitute restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144), then the Company (or its successor) will promptly provide, to the Trustee and, upon written request, to any
Holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes or shares, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares pursuant to Rule 144A. 

Section 3.04. ADDITIONAL INTEREST. 

(A) Accrual of Additional Interest. 

(i) If, at any time during the six (6) month period beginning on, and including, the date that is six
(6) months after the Last Original Issue Date of any Note, 

(1) the Company fails to timely file any
report (other than Form 8-K reports) that the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder);
or 

(2) such Note is not otherwise Freely Tradable, 

then Additional Interest will accrue on such Note for each day during such period on which such failure is continuing or such
Note is not Freely Tradable. The grace periods referred to in the preceding sentence with respect to any report will include the maximum period afforded by Rule 12b-25 (or any successor rule
thereto) under the Exchange Act regardless of whether the Company files, or indicates in the related Form 12b-25 (or any successor form thereto) that Company expects to or will file, such report before the
expiration of such maximum period. 

(ii) In addition, Additional Interest will accrue on a Note on each day
on which such Note is not Freely Tradable on or after the De-Legending Deadline Date for such Note. 

(B) Amount and Payment of Additional Interest. Subject to Section 3.04(C), any Additional
Interest that accrues on a Note pursuant to Section 3.04(A) will be payable on the same dates and in the same manner as the Stated Interest on such Note and will accrue at a rate per annum equal to one-quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the principal amount thereof for the first ninety (90) days on which Additional Interest accrues and, thereafter, at a rate per annum equal to one-half of one percent (0.50%) of the principal amount thereof; provided, however, that in no 

- 30 - 

event will Additional Interest (excluding any interest that accrues on any Deferred Additional Interest pursuant to Section 3.04(C)), together with any Special Interest,
accrue on any day on a Note at a combined rate per annum that exceeds one-half of one percent (0.50%). For the avoidance of doubt, any Additional Interest that accrues on a Note will be in addition to the
Stated Interest that accrues on such Note and, subject to the proviso of the immediately preceding sentence, in addition to any Special Interest that accrues on such Note. 

(C) Deferral of Additional Interest. 

(i) Generally. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.04,
but subject to Section 3.04(C)(iii), Additional Interest that accrues on any Note for any period on or after the De-Legending Deadline Date of such Note will not be payable on any
Interest Payment Date occurring on or after such De-Legending Deadline Date unless (1) a Holder (or an owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Note) has delivered to the Company and the Trustee, before
the Regular Record Date immediately before such Interest Payment Date, a written notice (a Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request) demanding payment of Additional Interest; or (2) the Company, in its sole and absolute
discretion, elects, by sending notice of such election (a Notice of Election to Pay Deferred Additional Interest) to Holders before such Regular Record Date, to pay such Additional Interest on such Interest Payment Date (any
accrued and unpaid Additional Interest that, in accordance with this sentence, is not paid on such Interest Payment Date, Deferred Additional Interest). Interest will accrue on such Deferred Additional Interest from, and
including, such Interest Payment Date at a rate per annum equal to the rate per annum at which Stated Interest accrues on the Notes to, but excluding, the date on which such Deferred Additional Interest, together with accrued interest thereon, is
paid. Once any accrued and unpaid Additional Interest becomes payable on an Interest Payment Date (whether as a result of the delivery of a written notice pursuant to clause (1) above or, if earlier, the Companys election to pay
the same pursuant to clause (2) above), Additional Interest will thereafter not be subject to deferral pursuant to this Section 3.04(C). 

(ii) Interpretive Provisions. Each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to any accrued interest
(including in the definitions of the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for any Note) or to any accrued Additional Interest includes, to the extent applicable, and without duplication, any Deferred Additional Interest,
together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to pay any accrued and unpaid Additional Interest on an Interest Payment Date will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under this Indenture or the
Notes if such payment is deferred in accordance with Section 3.04(C)(i). Otherwise, such a failure to pay will be subject to Section 7.01(A)(ii). 

(iii) Payment or Extinguishment Upon Maturity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Indenture or the Notes, if (1) any unpaid Deferred Additional Interest exists on any Notes as of the Close of Business on the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date; (2) no Holder (or owner of a beneficial interest in
a Global Note) has delivered a Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request in the manner set forth in Section 3.04(C)(i) before such Regular Record Date; and (3) the Company has not sent a Notice of Election to Pay
Deferred Additional Interest in the manner set forth in Section 

- 31 - 

3.04(C)(i) before such Regular Record Date, then Deferred Additional Interest on each Note then outstanding will cease to accrue, and all Deferred Additional Interest, together with
interest thereon, on such Note will be deemed to be extinguished on the following date: (a) if such Note is to be Converted, the Conversion Date for such Conversion (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Conversion
Consideration therefor need not include, and the amount referred to in clause (i) of Section 5.02(D) need not include, the payment of any such Deferred Additional Interest or any interest thereon); and
(b) in all other cases, the later of (x) the Maturity Date; and (y) the first date on which the Company has repaid the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest (other than such Deferred Additional Interest and any interest
thereon) on, such Note in full. 

(D) Notice of Accrual of Additional Interest; Trustees Disclaimer. The
Company will send notice to the Holder of each Note, and to the Trustee, of the commencement and termination of any period in which Additional Interest accrues on such Note, except that no such notice is required in respect of any Additional
Interest that is deferred in accordance with Section 3.04(C). In addition, if Additional Interest accrues on any Note, then, no later than five (5) Business Days before each date on which such Additional Interest is to
be paid, the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee and the Paying Agent stating (i) that the Company is obligated to pay Additional Interest on such Note on such date of payment; and (ii) the amount of such
Additional Interest that is payable on such date of payment. The Trustee will have no duty to determine whether any Additional Interest is payable (or whether the same is deferred or is accruing interest) or the amount thereof and may assume without
inquiry that no Additional Interest is payable or has been deferred until written notice of such Additional Interest has been provided to the Trustee by the Company. 

(E) Exclusive Remedy. The accrual of Additional Interest will be the exclusive remedy available to Holders for the
failure of their Notes to become Freely Tradable. 

Section 3.05. COMPLIANCEAND DEFAULT
CERTIFICATES. 

(A) Annual Compliance Certificate. Within one hundred twenty (120) days after
the last day of each fiscal year of the Company, beginning with the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2025, the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee stating (i) that the signatory thereto has supervised a
review of the activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries during such fiscal year with a view towards determining whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred; and (ii) whether, to such signatorys knowledge, a Default or Event
of Default has occurred or is continuing (and, if so, describing all such Defaults or Events of Default and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto). 

(B) Default Certificate. If a Default or Event of Default occurs, then the Company will, within thirty (30) days
after its first occurrence, deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee describing the same and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; provided, however, that the Company will not be
required to deliver such Officers Certificate at any time after such Default or Event of Default is cured or waived. 

- 32 - 

Section 3.06. STAY, EXTENSIONAND USURY
LAWS. 

To the extent that it may lawfully do so, the Company (A) agrees that it will not at any
time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law (wherever or whenever enacted or in force) that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and
(B) expressly waives all benefits or advantages of any such law and agrees that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power granted to the Trustee by this Indenture, but will suffer and permit the
execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted. 

Section 3.07. ACQUISITIONOF
NOTESBYTHE COMPANYANDITS AFFILIATES. 

Without limiting the generality of Section 2.18, Notes that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
have purchased or otherwise acquired will be deemed to remain outstanding (except to the extent provided in Section 2.16) until such time as such Notes are delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. The Company will use
commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any of its controlled Affiliates from acquiring any Note (or any beneficial interest therein). 

Article 4. REPURCHASE AND REDEMPTION 

Section 4.01. NO SINKING FUND. 

No sinking fund is required to be provided for the Notes. 

Section 4.02. RIGHTOF HOLDERSTO REQUIRETHE
COMPANYTO REPURCHASE NOTES UPONA FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE. 

(A) Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes Upon a Fundamental Change. Subject to the other terms of
this Section 4.02, if a Fundamental Change occurs, then each Holder will have the right (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right) to require the Company to repurchase such Holders Notes (or any
portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change for a cash purchase price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. 

(B) Repurchase Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. If the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated and such
acceleration has not been rescinded on or before the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change (including as a result of the payment of the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, and any related interest
pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 4.02(D), on such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date), then (i) the Company may not repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Section 4.02;
and (ii) the Company will cause any Notes theretofore surrendered for such Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change to be returned to the Holders thereof (or, if applicable with respect to Global Notes, cancel any instructions for book-entry transfer
to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial interest in such Notes in accordance with the Depositary Procedures). 

(C) Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. The Fundamental Change Repurchase

- 33 - 

Date for any Fundamental Change will be a Business Day of the Companys choosing that is no more than thirty-five (35), nor less than twenty (20), Business Days after the date the Company
sends the related Fundamental Change Notice pursuant to Section 4.02(E). 

(D) Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price. The Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for any Note to be repurchased upon a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change following a Fundamental Change is an amount in cash equal to the principal amount of such Note plus accrued
and unpaid interest on such Note to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change; provided, however, that if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date is after a Regular Record Date and on or before
the next Interest Payment Date, then (i) the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on such Regular Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change, to receive, on or, at the Companys election,
before such Interest Payment Date, the unpaid interest that would have accrued on such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date (assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through such Interest Payment Date,
if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date is before such Interest Payment Date); and (ii) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price will not include accrued and unpaid interest on such Note to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day within the meaning of Section 2.05(C) and such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date occurs on the Business Day immediately after such
Interest Payment Date, then (x) accrued and unpaid interest on Notes to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will be paid, in accordance with Section 2.05(C), on the next Business Day to Holders as of the Close
of Business on the immediately preceding Regular Record Date; and (y) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price will include interest on Notes to be repurchased from, and including, such Interest Payment Date. 

(E) Fundamental Change Notice. On or before the twentieth (20th) calendar day after the effective date of a Fundamental
Change, the Company will send to each Holder, the Trustee, the Conversion Agent and the Paying Agent a notice of such Fundamental Change (a Fundamental Change Notice). 

Such Fundamental Change Notice must state: 

(i) briefly, the events causing such Fundamental Change; 

(ii) the effective date of such Fundamental Change; 

(iii) the procedures that a Holder must follow to require the Company to repurchase its Notes pursuant to this
Section 4.02, including the deadline for exercising the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right and the procedures for submitting and withdrawing a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice; 

(iv) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change; 

(v) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for such Fundamental Change
(and, if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the next Interest Payment Date, the amount, manner and timing of the interest payment payable pursuant to the proviso to the first

- 34 - 

sentence of Section 4.02(D)); 

(vi) the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent; 

(vii) the Conversion Rate in effect on the date of such Fundamental Change Notice and a description and
quantification of any adjustments to the Conversion Rate that may result from such Fundamental Change (including pursuant to Section 5.07); 

(viii) that Notes for which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice has been duly tendered and not duly
withdrawn must be delivered to the Paying Agent for the Holder thereof to be entitled to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price; 

(ix) that Notes (or any portion thereof) that are subject to a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice that has
been duly tendered may be Converted only if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice is withdrawn in accordance with this Indenture; and 

(x) the CUSIP and ISIN numbers, if any, of the Notes. 

Neither the failure to deliver a Fundamental Change Notice nor any defect in a Fundamental Change Notice will limit the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Right of any Holder or otherwise affect the validity of any proceedings relating to any Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change. 

(F) Procedures to Exercise the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right. 

(i) Delivery of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice and Notes to Be Repurchased. To exercise its
Fundamental Change Repurchase Right for a Note following a Fundamental Change, the Holder thereof must deliver to the Paying Agent: 

(1) before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the related Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date (or such later time as may be required by law), a duly completed, written Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect to such Note; and 

(2) such Note, duly endorsed for transfer (if such Note is a Physical Note) or by book-entry transfer (if such
Note is a Global Note). 

The Paying Agent will promptly deliver to the Company a copy of each Fundamental Change Repurchase
Notice that it receives. 

(ii) Contents of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notices. Each Fundamental
Change Repurchase Notice with respect to a Note must state: 

(1) if such Note is a Physical Note, the
certificate number of such Note; 

(2) the principal amount of such Note to be repurchased, which must be
an Authorized Denomination; and 

- 35 - 

(3) that such Holder is exercising its Fundamental Change
Repurchase Right with respect to such principal amount of such Note; 

provided, however, that if such Note is
a Global Note, then such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice must comply with the Depositary Procedures (and any such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice delivered in compliance with the Depositary Procedures will be deemed to satisfy the
requirements of this Section 4.02(F)). 

(iii) Withdrawal of Fundamental Change
Repurchase Notice. A Holder that has delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect to a Note may withdraw such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice by delivering a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent at any time
before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. Such withdrawal notice must state: 

(1) if such Note is a Physical Note, the certificate number of such Note; 

(2) the principal amount of such Note to be withdrawn, which must be an Authorized Denomination; and 

(3) the principal amount of such Note, if any, that remains subject to such Fundamental Change Repurchase
Notice, which must be an Authorized Denomination; 

provided, however, that if such Note is a Global Note,
then such withdrawal notice must comply with the Depositary Procedures (and any such withdrawal notice delivered in compliance with the Depositary Procedures will be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this
Section 4.02(F)). 

Upon receipt of any such withdrawal notice with respect to a Note (or any
portion thereof), the Paying Agent will (x) promptly deliver a copy of such withdrawal notice to the Company; and (y) if such Note is surrendered to the Paying Agent, cause such Note (or such portion thereof in accordance with
Section 2.11, treating such Note as having been then surrendered for partial repurchase in the amount set forth in such withdrawal notice as remaining subject to repurchase) to be returned to the Holder thereof (or, if
applicable with respect to any Global Note, cancel any instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial interest in such Note in accordance with the Depositary Procedures). 

(G) Payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Without limiting the Companys obligation to deposit the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price within the time proscribed by Section 3.01(B), the Company will cause the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for a Note (or portion thereof) to be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase
Upon Fundamental Change to be paid to the Holder thereof on or before the later of (i) the applicable Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; and (ii) the date (x) such Note is delivered to the Paying Agent (in the case of a Physical
Note) or (y) the Depositary Procedures relating to the repurchase, and the delivery to the Paying Agent, of such Holders beneficial interest in such Note to be repurchased 

- 36 - 

are complied with (in the case of a Global Note). For the avoidance of doubt, interest payable pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 4.02(D) on any
Note to be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change must be paid pursuant to such proviso regardless of whether such Note is delivered or such Depositary Procedures are complied with pursuant to the first sentence of this
Section 4.02(G). 

(H) Third Party May Conduct Repurchase Offer In Lieu of the Company.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.02, the Company will be deemed to satisfy its obligations under this Section 4.02 if (i) one or more third parties conduct any
Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change and related offer to repurchase Notes otherwise required by this Section 4.02 in a manner that would have satisfied the requirements of this Section 4.02 if
conducted directly by the Company; and (ii) an owner of a beneficial interest in any Note repurchased by such third party or parties will not receive a lesser amount (as a result of withholding or other similar taxes) than such owner would have
received had the Company repurchased such Note. 

(I) No Requirement to Conduct an Offer to Repurchase Notes if the
Fundamental Change Results in the Notes Becoming Convertible into an Amount of Cash Exceeding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.02, the Company will not
be required to send a Fundamental Change Notice pursuant to Section 4.02(E), or offer to repurchase or repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Section 4.02, in connection with a Common Stock Change
Event that constitutes a Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B)(ii) of the definition thereof (regardless of whether such Common Stock Change Event also constitutes a Fundamental Change pursuant to any other clause of such definition), if
(i) the Reference Property of such Common Stock Change Event consists entirely of cash in U.S. dollars; (ii) immediately after such Fundamental Change, the Notes become Convertible, pursuant to Section 5.09(A)
and, if applicable, Section 5.07, into consideration that consists solely of U.S. dollars in an amount per $1,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes that equals or exceeds the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000
aggregate principal amount of Notes (calculated assuming that the same includes accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the latest possible Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change); and (iii) the Company timely
sends the notice relating to such Fundamental Change required pursuant to Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(b) and includes, in such notice, a statement that the Company is relying on this Section 4.02(I).

(J) Compliance with Applicable Securities Laws. To the extent applicable, the Company will comply, in all material
respects, with all federal and state securities laws in connection with a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change (including complying with Rules 13e-4 and 14e-1 under
the Exchange Act and filing any required Schedule TO, to the extent applicable) so as to permit effecting such Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change in the manner set forth in this Indenture; provided, however, that, to the extent that
the Companys obligations pursuant to this Section 4.02 conflict with any law or regulation that is applicable to the Company and enacted after the Issue Date, the Companys compliance with such law or regulation
will not be considered to be a Default of such obligations. 

(K) Repurchase in Part. Subject to the terms of this
Section 4.02, Notes may be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change in part, but only in Authorized 

- 37 - 

Denominations. Provisions of this Section 4.02 applying to the repurchase of a Note in whole will equally apply to the repurchase of a permitted portion of a Note. 

Section 4.03. RIGHTOFTHE COMPANYTO REDEEMTHE NOTES. 

(A) No Right to Redeem Before April 5, 2028. The
Company may not redeem the Notes at its option pursuant to this Section 4.03 at any time before April 5, 2028. 

(B) Right to Redeem the Notes on or After April 5, 2028. Subject to the terms of this
Section 4.03 (including for the avoidance of doubt, Section 4.03(J)), the Company has the right, at its election, to redeem all, or any portion in an Authorized Denomination, of the Notes, at any
time, and from time to time, on a Redemption Date on or after April 5, 2028 and on or before the sixtieth (60th) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity Date, for a cash purchase price equal to the Redemption Price, but only if
(i) the Notes are Freely Tradable as of the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption and all accrued and unpaid Additional Interest, if any, has been paid in full, as of the first Interest Payment Date occurring on or before such Redemption
Notice Date; and (ii) the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock is at least one hundred and thirty percent (130%) of the Conversion Price on (x) each of at least twenty (20) Trading Days (whether or not consecutive)
during the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before such Redemption Notice Date; and (y) the Trading Day immediately before such Redemption Notice Date. For the avoidance of doubt,
the calling of any Notes for Redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to such Notes pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof. 

(C) Redemption Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. If the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated and such
acceleration has not been rescinded on or before the Redemption Date (including as a result of the payment of the related Redemption Price, and any related interest pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of
Section 4.03(E), on such Redemption Date), then (i) the Company may not call for Redemption or otherwise redeem any Notes pursuant to this Section 4.03; and (ii) the Company will cause
any Notes theretofore surrendered for such Redemption to be returned to the Holders thereof (or, if applicable with respect to Global Notes, cancel any instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the
applicable beneficial interests in such Notes in accordance with the Depositary Procedures). 

(D) Redemption Date.
The Redemption Date for any Redemption will be a Business Day of the Companys choosing that is no more than eighty-five (85), nor less than sixty-five (65), Scheduled Trading Days after the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption. 

(E) Redemption Price. The Redemption Price for any Note called for Redemption is an amount in cash equal to the
principal amount of such Note plus accrued and unpaid interest on such Note to, but excluding, the Redemption Date for such Redemption; provided, however, that if such Redemption Date is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the
next Interest Payment Date, then (i) the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on such Regular Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Redemption, to receive, on or, at the Companys election, before such Interest Payment
Date, the unpaid interest that would have accrued on such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date (assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through such Interest Payment Date, if such Redemption Date is
before such 

- 38 - 

Interest Payment Date); and (ii) the Redemption Price will not include accrued and unpaid interest on such Note to, but excluding, such Redemption Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if an
Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day within the meaning of Section 2.05(C) and such Redemption Date occurs on the Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date, then (x) accrued and unpaid interest
on Notes to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will be paid, in accordance with Section 2.05(C), on the next Business Day to Holders as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding Regular Record Date; and
(y) the Redemption Price will include interest on Notes to be redeemed from, and including, such Interest Payment Date. 

(F) Redemption Notice. To call any Notes for Redemption, the Company must send to each Holder of such Notes a written
notice of such Redemption (a Redemption Notice). 

Such Redemption Notice must state: 

(i) that such Notes have been called for Redemption, briefly describing the Companys Redemption right
under this Indenture; 

(ii) the Redemption Date for such Redemption; 

(iii) the Redemption Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for such Redemption (and, if the Redemption
Date is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the next Interest Payment Date, the amount, manner and timing of the interest payment payable pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 4.03(E)); 

(iv) the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent; 

(v) that Notes called for Redemption may be Converted at any time before the Close of Business on the second
(2nd) Business Day immediately before the Redemption Date (or, if the Company fails to pay the Redemption Price due on such Redemption Date in full, at any time until such time as the Company pays such Redemption Price in full); 

(vi) the Conversion Rate in effect on the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption and a description and
quantification of any adjustments to the Conversion Rate that may result from such Redemption (including pursuant to Section 5.07); 

(vii) the Settlement Method that will apply to all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on
or after such Redemption Notice Date and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day before such Redemption Date; and 

(viii) the CUSIP and ISIN numbers, if any, of the Notes. 

On or before the Redemption Notice Date, the Company will send a copy of such Redemption Notice to the Trustee, the Conversion
Agent and the Paying Agent. 

(G) Selection and Conversion of Notes to Be Redeemed in Part. 

(i) If less than all Notes then outstanding are called for Redemption, then the Notes to be redeemed will be
selected by the Company as follows: (1) in the case of Global 

- 39 - 

Notes, in accordance with the Depositary Procedures; and (2) in the case of Physical Notes, pro rata, by lot or by such other method the Company considers fair and appropriate. 

(ii) If only a portion of a Note is subject to Redemption and such Note is Converted in part, then the
Converted portion of such Note will be deemed to be from the portion of such Note that was subject to Redemption. 

(H)
Payment of the Redemption Price. Without limiting the Companys obligation to deposit the Redemption Price by the time proscribed by Section 3.01(B), the Company will cause the Redemption Price for a Note (or
portion thereof) subject to Redemption to be paid to the Holder thereof on or before the applicable Redemption Date. For the avoidance of doubt, interest payable pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of
Section 4.03(E) on any Note (or portion thereof) subject to Redemption must be paid pursuant to such proviso. 

(I) Special Provisions for Partial Calls. If the Company elects to redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes
pursuant to this Section 4.03, and the Holder of any Note, or any owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note, is reasonably not able to determine, before the Close of Business on the sixty-second (62nd) Scheduled
Trading Day immediately before the Redemption Date for such Redemption, whether such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, is to be redeemed pursuant to such Redemption, then such Holder or owner, as applicable, will be entitled to Convert
such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, at any time before the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before such Redemption Date, and each such Conversion will be deemed to be of a Note called for Redemption for
purposes of this Section 4.03 and Sections5.01(C)(i)(4) and 5.07. For the avoidance of doubt, each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to (x) any Note that is called for Redemption (or
similar language) includes any Note that is deemed to be called for Redemption pursuant to this Section 4.03(I); and (y) any Note that is not called for Redemption (or similar language) excludes any Note that is deemed
to be called for Redemption pursuant to this Section 4.03(I). 

(J) Partial Redemption
Limitation. If the Company elects to redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to this Section 4.03, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the excess of the
principal amount of Notes outstanding as of the time the Company sends the related Redemption Notice over the aggregate principal amount of Notes set forth in such Redemption Notice as being subject to Redemption must be at least fifty million
dollars ($50,000,000). 

(K) Repurchases or Other Acquisitions Other Than by Redemption Not Affected. For the
avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4.03 will limit or otherwise apply to any repurchase or other acquisition, by the Company or its Affiliates, or any other Person, of any Notes not by Redemption (including in open
market transactions, private or public tender or exchange offers or otherwise). 

Article 5. THE CONVERSION OF NOTES 

Section 5.01. RIGHTTO CONVERT. 

(A) Generally. Subject to the provisions of this Article 5, each Holder may, at its option, Convert such
Holders Notes into Conversion Consideration. 

- 40 - 

(B) Conversions in Part. Subject to the terms of this Indenture,
Notes may be Converted in part, but only in Authorized Denominations. Provisions of this Article 5 applying to the Conversion of a Note in whole will equally apply to Conversions of a permitted portion of a Note. 

(C) When Notes May Be Converted. 

(i) Generally. Subject to Section 5.01(C)(ii), a Note may be Converted only in
the following circumstances: 

(1) Conversion Upon Satisfaction of Common Stock Sale Price Condition.
A Holder may Convert its Notes during any fiscal quarter (and only during such fiscal quarter) commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on June 30, 2025, if the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock is at least one hundred and
thirty percent (130%) of the Conversion Price for each of at least twenty (20) Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the immediately
preceding fiscal quarter. 

(2) Conversion Upon Satisfaction of Note Trading Price Condition. A
Holder may Convert its Notes during the five (5) consecutive Business Days immediately after any ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period (such ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period, the Measurement Period) if the
Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder in accordance with the procedures set forth below, for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was less than ninety-eight percent (98%) of the
product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day. The condition set forth in the preceding sentence is referred to in this Indenture as the Trading Price
Condition. 

The Trading Price will be determined by the Bid Solicitation Agent pursuant to this
Section 5.01(C)(i)(2) and the definition of Trading Price. The Bid Solicitation Agent (if not the Company) will have no obligation to determine the Trading Price of the Notes unless the Company has requested
such determination in writing, and the Company will have no obligation to make such request (or seek bids itself) unless a Holder provides the Company with reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes would be less
than ninety-eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. If a Holder provides such evidence, then the Company will (if acting as Bid Solicitation Agent), or will instruct the
Bid Solicitation Agent to, determine the Trading Price of the Notes beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to ninety-eight percent
(98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day. If the Trading Price Condition has been met as set forth above, then the Company will notify the Holders,
the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the same. If, on any Trading Day after the Trading Price Condition has been met as set forth above, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal 

- 41 - 

amount of Notes is greater than or equal to ninety eight-percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such
Trading Day, then the Company will notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the same and, thereafter, the Company will not be required to instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent to (or, if the Company is acting as the Bid Solicitation
Agent, the Company will not be required to) solicit bids again until after another qualifying request is made in accordance with this Section 5.01(C)(i)(2). 

(3) Conversion Upon Specified Corporate Events. 

(a) Certain Distributions. If, before December 1, 2029, the Company elects to: 

(I) distribute, to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, any rights, options or warrants (other than rights issued
pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, so long as such rights have not separated from the Common Stock and are not exercisable until the occurrence of a triggering event, except that such rights will be deemed to be distributed under this clause
(I) upon their separation from the Common Stock or upon the occurrence of such triggering event) entitling them, for a period of not more than sixty (60) calendar days after the record date of such distribution, to subscribe for or
purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before
the date such distribution is announced (determined in the manner set forth in the third paragraph of Section 5.05(A)(ii)); or 

(II) distribute, to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock, assets or securities of the Company or rights to
purchase the Companys securities, which distribution per share of Common Stock has a value, as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors, exceeding ten percent (10%) of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on the
Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced, 

then, in either case, (x) the Company will
send notice of such distribution, and of the related right to Convert Notes, to Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent at least sixty-five (65) Scheduled Trading Days before the Ex-Dividend Date
for such distribution (or, if later in the case of any such separation of rights issued pursuant to a stockholder rights plan or the occurrence of any such triggering event under a stockholder rights plan, as soon as reasonably practicable after the
Company becomes aware that such separation or triggering event has occurred or will occur); and (y) once the Company has sent such notice, Holders may Convert their Notes at any time 

- 42 - 

until the earlier of the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before such Ex-Dividend Date and the Companys announcement that such
distribution will not take place; provided, however, that the Notes will not become Convertible pursuant to clause (y) above (but the Company will still be required to send notice of such distribution pursuant to clause
(x) above) on account of such distribution if each Holder participates, at the same time and on the same terms as holders of Common Stock, and solely by virtue of being a Holder, in such distribution without having to Convert such
Holders Notes and as if such Holder held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the Conversion Rate in effect on the record date for such distribution; and (ii) the aggregate principal amount (expressed in
thousands) of Notes held by such Holder on such record date. 

(b) Certain Corporate Events. If a
Fundamental Change, Make-Whole Fundamental Change (other than a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof) or Common Stock Change Event occurs (other than a merger or other business combination
transaction that is effected solely to change the Companys jurisdiction of incorporation and that does not constitute a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change), then, in each case, Holders may Convert their Notes at any time
from, and including, the effective date of such transaction or event to, and including, the thirty-fifth (35th) Trading Day after such effective date (or, if such transaction or event also constitutes a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted
Fundamental Change), to, but excluding, the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date); provided, however, that if the Company does not provide the notice referred to in the immediately following sentence by the Business Day after
such effective date, then the last day on which the Notes are Convertible pursuant to this sentence will be extended by the number of Business Days from, and including, the Business Day after such effective date to, but excluding, the date the
Company provides such notice. No later than the Business Day after such effective date, the Company will send notice to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such transaction or event, such effective date and the related right to
Convert Notes. 

(4) Conversion Upon Redemption. If the Company calls any Note for Redemption, then
the Holder of such Note may Convert such Note (on account of the Companys delivery of a Redemption Notice) at any time before the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the related Redemption Date (or, if the
Company fails to pay the Redemption Price due on such Redemption Date in full, at any time until such time as the Company pays such Redemption Price in full). 

(5) Conversions During Free Convertibility Period. A Holder may Convert its Notes at any time from, and
including, December 1, 2029 until the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity Date. 

- 43 - 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Notes may become Convertible pursuant to any
one or more of the preceding sub-paragraphs of this Section 5.01(C)(i) and the Notes ceasing to be Convertible pursuant to a particular
sub-paragraph of this Section 5.01(C)(i) will not preclude the Notes from being Convertible pursuant to any other sub-paragraph of this
Section 5.01(C)(i). 

(ii) Limitations and Closed Periods. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes: 

(1) Notes may be surrendered for Conversion only
after the Open of Business and before the Close of Business on a day that is a Business Day; 

(2) in no
event may any Note be Converted after the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity Date; 

(3) if the Company calls any Note for Redemption pursuant to Section 4.03, then the
Holder of such Note may not Convert such Note after the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the applicable Redemption Date, except to the extent the Company fails to pay the Redemption Price for such Note in
accordance with this Indenture; and 

(4) if a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice is validly delivered
pursuant to Section 4.02(F) with respect to any Note, then such Note may not be Converted, except to the extent (a) such Note is not subject to such notice; (b) such notice is withdrawn in accordance with
Section 4.02(F); or (c) the Company fails to pay the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for such Note in accordance with this Indenture. 

Section 5.02. CONVERSION PROCEDURES. 

(A) Generally. 

(i) Global Notes. To Convert a beneficial interest in a Global Note that is Convertible pursuant to
Section 5.01(C), the owner of such beneficial interest must (1) comply with the Depositary Procedures for Converting such beneficial interest (at which time such Conversion will become irrevocable); and (2) pay
any amounts due pursuant to Section 5.02(D) or Section 5.02(E). 

(ii) Physical Notes. To Convert all or a portion of a Physical Note that is Convertible pursuant to
Section 5.01(C), the Holder of such Note must (1) complete, manually sign and deliver to the Conversion Agent the Conversion Notice attached to such Physical Note or a facsimile of such Conversion Notice;
(2) deliver such Physical Note to the Conversion Agent (at which time such Conversion will become irrevocable); (3) furnish any endorsements and transfer documents that the Company or the Conversion Agent may require; and (4) pay any
amounts due pursuant to Section 5.02(D) or Section 5.02(E). 

(B)
Effect of Converting a Note. At the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for a 

- 44 - 

Note (or any portion thereof) to be Converted, such Note (or such portion) will (unless there occurs a Default in the delivery of the Conversion Consideration or interest due, pursuant to
Section 5.03(B) or 5.02(D), upon such Conversion) be deemed to cease to be outstanding (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no Person will be deemed to be a Holder of such Note (or such portion thereof) as of the Close of
Business on such Conversion Date), except to the extent provided in Section 5.02(D). 

(C)
Holder of Record of Conversion Shares. The Person in whose name any share of Common Stock is issuable upon Conversion of any Note will be deemed to become the holder of record of such share as of the Close of Business on the last VWAP Trading
Day of the Observation Period for such Conversion. 

(D) Interest Payable Upon Conversion in Certain Circumstances.
If the Conversion Date of a Note is after a Regular Record Date and before the next Interest Payment Date, then (i) the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on such Regular Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Conversion
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything set forth in the proviso to this sentence), to receive, on or, at the Companys election, before such Interest Payment Date, the unpaid interest that would have accrued on such Note to,
but excluding, such Interest Payment Date (assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through such Interest Payment Date); and (ii) the Holder surrendering such Note for Conversion must deliver to the Conversion
Agent, at the time of such surrender, an amount of cash equal to the amount of such interest referred to in clause (i) above; provided, however, that the Holder surrendering such Note for Conversion need not deliver such
cash (v) if the Company has specified a Redemption Date that is after such Regular Record Date and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date; (w) if such Conversion Date occurs after the
Regular Record Date immediately before the Maturity Date; (x) if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that is after such Regular Record Date and on or before the Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment
Date; or (y) to the extent of any Additional Interest, Special Interest, overdue interest or interest that has accrued on any overdue interest. For the avoidance of doubt, as a result of, and without limiting the generality of, the foregoing,
if a Note is Converted with a Conversion Date that is after the Regular Record Date immediately before the Maturity Date, then the Company will pay, as provided above, the interest that would have accrued on such Note to, but excluding, the Maturity
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Conversion Date of a Note to be Converted is on an Interest Payment Date, then the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on the Regular Record Date immediately before such Interest Payment Date will be
entitled to receive, on such Interest Payment Date, the unpaid interest that has accrued on such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date, and such Note, when surrendered for Conversion, need not be accompanied by any cash amount pursuant
to the first sentence of this Section 5.02(D). 

(E) Taxes and Duties. If a Holder
Converts a Note, the Company will pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or duty due on the issue or delivery of any shares of Common Stock upon such Conversion; provided, however, that if any tax or duty is due
because such Holder requested such shares to be registered in a name other than such Holders name, then such Holder will pay such tax or duty and, until having received a sum sufficient to pay such tax or duty, the Conversion Agent may refuse
to deliver any such shares to be issued in a name other than that of such Holder. 

- 45 - 

(F) Conversion Agent to Notify Company of Conversions. If any Note is
submitted for Conversion to the Conversion Agent or the Conversion Agent receives any notice of Conversion with respect to a Note, then the Conversion Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Trustee of such occurrence, together with any other
information reasonably requested by the Company, and will cooperate with the Company to determine the Conversion Date for such Note. 

Section 5.03. SETTLEMENT UPON CONVERSION. 

(A) Settlement Method. Upon the Conversion of any Note, the Company will settle such Conversion by paying or delivering,
as applicable and as provided in this Article 5, either (x) solely cash as provided in Section 5.03(B)(i)(1) (a Cash Settlement); or (y) a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock,
together, if applicable, with cash in lieu of fractional shares as provided in Section 5.03(B)(i)(2) (a Combination Settlement). 

(i) The Companys Right to Elect Settlement Method. The Company will have the right to elect the
Settlement Method applicable to any Conversion of a Note; provided, however, that: 

(1)
subject to clause (3) below, all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after December 1, 2029 will be settled using the same Settlement Method, and the Company will send notice of such Settlement Method to
Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent no later than the Open of Business on December 1, 2029; 

(2) subject to clause (3) below, if the Company elects a Settlement Method with respect to the
Conversion of any Note whose Conversion Date occurs before December 1, 2029, then the Company will send notice of such Settlement Method to the Holder of such Note, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent no later than the Close of Business on the
Business Day immediately after such Conversion Date; 

(3) if any Notes are called for Redemption, then
(a) the Company will specify, in the related Redemption Notice (and, in the case of a Redemption of less than all outstanding Notes, in a notice simultaneously sent to all Holders of Notes not called for Redemption) sent pursuant to
Section 4.03(F), the Settlement Method that will apply to all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the related Redemption Notice Date and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day before the
related Redemption Date; and (b) if such Redemption Date occurs on or after December 1, 2029, then such Settlement Method must be the same Settlement Method that, pursuant to clause (1) above, applies to all Conversions of
Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after December 1, 2029; 

(4) the Company will use the
same Settlement Method for all Conversions of Notes with the same Conversion Date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Company will not be obligated to use the same Settlement Method with respect to Conversions of Notes with different Conversion
Dates, except as 

- 46 - 

provided in clause (1) or (3) above); 

(5) if the Company does not timely elect a Settlement Method with respect to the Conversion of a Note, then the
Company will be deemed to have elected the Default Settlement Method (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the failure to timely make such election will not constitute a Default or Event of Default); and 

(6) if the Company timely elects Combination Settlement with respect to the Conversion of a Note but does not
timely notify the Holder of such Note of the applicable Specified Dollar Amount, then the Specified Dollar Amount for such Conversion will be deemed to be $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the failure to
timely send such notification will not constitute a Default or Event of Default). 

At or before the time the Company sends
any notice referred to in the preceding sentence, the Company will send a copy of such notice to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent, but the failure to timely send such copy will not affect the validity of any Settlement Method election. 

(ii) The Companys Right to Irrevocably Fix or Eliminate Settlement Methods. The
Company will have the right, exercisable at its election by sending notice of such exercise to the Holders (with a copy to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent), to (1) irrevocably fix the Settlement Method that will apply to all Conversions of
Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the date such notice is sent to Holders; or (2) irrevocably eliminate any one or more (but not all) Settlement Methods (including eliminating Combination Settlement with a particular
Specified Dollar Amount or range of Specified Dollar Amounts) with respect to all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the date such notice is sent to Holders, provided, in each case, that (v) in no event
will the Company elect (whether directly or by eliminating all other Settlement Methods) Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar Amount that is less than $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes; (w) the Settlement Method so elected
pursuant to clause (1) above, or the Settlement Method(s) remaining after any elimination pursuant to clause (2) above, as applicable, must be a Settlement Method or Settlement Method(s), as applicable, that the Company is
then permitted to elect (for the avoidance of doubt, including pursuant to, and subject to, the other provisions of this Section 5.03(A)); (x) no such irrevocable election will affect any Settlement Method theretofore
elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to this Indenture (including pursuant to Section 8.01(G) or this Section 5.03(A)); (y) upon any such irrevocable election
pursuant to clause (1) above, the Default Settlement Method will automatically be deemed to be set to the Settlement Method so fixed; and (z) upon any such irrevocable election pursuant to clause (2) above, the Company
will, if needed, simultaneously change the Default Settlement Method to a Settlement Method that is consistent with such irrevocable election. Such notice, if sent, must set forth the applicable Settlement Method(s) so elected or eliminated, as
applicable, and the Default Settlement Method applicable immediately after such election, and expressly state that the election is irrevocable and applicable to all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the date such
notice is sent to Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, such an 

- 47 - 

irrevocable election, if made, will be effective without the need to amend this Indenture or the Notes, including pursuant to Section 8.01(G) (it being understood,
however, that the Company may nonetheless choose to execute such an amendment at its option). 

(iii)
Requirement to Publicly Disclose the Fixed or Default Settlement Method. If the Company changes the Default Settlement Method pursuant to clause (x) of the proviso to the definition of such term or irrevocably fixes the Settlement
Method(s) pursuant to Section 5.03(A)(ii), then the Company will, substantially concurrently therewith, either post the Default Settlement Method or fixed Settlement Method(s), as applicable, on its website or disclose the
same in a Current Report on Form 8-K (or any successor form) that is filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

(B) Conversion Consideration. 

(i) Generally. Subject to Sections5.03(B)(ii), 5.03(B)(iii) and 5.09(A)(2),
the type and amount of consideration (the Conversion Consideration) due in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of a Note to be Converted will be as follows: 

(1) if Cash Settlement applies to such Conversion, cash in an amount equal to the sum of the Daily Conversion
Values for each VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such Conversion; or 

(2) if Combination
Settlement applies to such Conversion, consideration consisting of (a) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the sum of the Daily Share Amounts for each VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such Conversion; and (b) an
amount of cash equal to the sum of the Daily Cash Amounts for each VWAP Trading Day in such Observation Period. 

(ii) Cash in Lieu of Fractional Shares. If Combination Settlement applies to the Conversion of any Note
and the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable pursuant to Section 5.03(B)(i) upon such Conversion is not a whole number, then such number will be rounded down to the nearest whole number and the Company will deliver,
in addition to the other consideration due upon such Conversion, cash in lieu of the related fractional share in an amount equal to the product of (1) such fraction and (2) the Daily VWAP on the last VWAP Trading Day of the Observation
Period for such Conversion. 

(iii) Conversion of Multiple Notes by a Single Holder. If a Holder
Converts more than one (1) Note on a single Conversion Date, then the Conversion Consideration due in respect of such Conversion will (in the case of any Global Note, to the extent permitted by, and practicable under, the Depositary Procedures)
be computed based on the total principal amount of Notes Converted on such Conversion Date by such Holder. 

(iv) Notice of Calculation of Conversion Consideration. If any Note is to be Converted, then the Company
will determine the Conversion Consideration due thereupon promptly following the last VWAP Trading Day of the applicable Observation Period and will promptly thereafter send notice to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the same and the
calculation thereof in reasonable detail. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent will have any duty to make any such determination. 

- 48 - 

(C) Delivery of the Conversion Consideration. Except as set forth in
Sections5.05(D) and 5.09, the Company will pay or deliver, as applicable, the Conversion Consideration due upon the Conversion of any Note to the Holder on or before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately after the last VWAP
Trading Day of the Observation Period for such Conversion. 

(D) Deemed Payment of Principal and Interest; Settlement of
Accrued Interest Notwithstanding Conversion. If a Holder Converts a Note, then the Company will not adjust the Conversion Rate to account for any accrued and unpaid interest on such Note, and, except as provided in
Section 5.02(D), the Companys delivery of the Conversion Consideration due in respect of such Conversion will be deemed to fully satisfy and discharge the Companys obligation to pay the principal of, and accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, on, such Note to, but excluding the Conversion Date. As a result, except as provided in Section 5.02(D), any accrued and unpaid interest on a Converted Note will be deemed to be paid in full
rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited. In addition, subject to Section 5.02(D), if the Conversion Consideration for a Note consists of both cash and shares of Common Stock, then accrued and unpaid interest that
is deemed to be paid therewith will be deemed to be paid first out of such cash. 

Section 5.04. RESERVEAND
STATUS OF COMMON STOCK ISSUED UPON CONVERSION. 

(A) Stock Reserve. At all times when any Notes are outstanding, the Company will reserve (out of its authorized and not
outstanding shares of Common Stock that are not reserved for other purposes) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the aggregate principal amount (expressed in thousands) of all then-outstanding Notes; and (ii) the
Conversion Rate then in effect (assuming, for these purposes, that the Conversion Rate is increased by the maximum amount pursuant to which the Conversion Rate may be increased pursuant to Section 5.07). To the extent the
Company delivers shares of Common Stock held in its treasury in settlement of the Conversion of any Notes, each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to the issuance of shares of Common Stock in connection therewith will be deemed to include such
delivery, mutatis mutandis. 

(B) Status of Conversion Shares; Listing. Each Conversion Share, if any,
delivered upon Conversion of any Note will be a newly issued or treasury share (except that any Conversion Share delivered by a designated financial institution pursuant to Section 5.08 need not be a newly issued or
treasury share) and will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, free from preemptive rights and free of any lien or adverse claim (except to the extent of any lien or adverse claim
created by the action or inaction of the Holder of such Note or the Person to whom such Conversion Share will be delivered). If the Common Stock is then listed on any securities exchange, or quoted on any inter-dealer quotation system, then the
Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Conversion Share, when delivered upon Conversion of any Note, to be admitted for listing on such exchange or quotation on such system. 

Section 5.05. ADJUSTMENTSTOTHE CONVERSION RATE. 

(A) Events Requiring an Adjustment to the Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate will be adjusted from time to time as
follows: 

(i) Stock Dividends, Splits and Combinations. If the Company issues solely

- 49 - 

shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on all or substantially all shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a stock split or a stock combination of the Common Stock (in
each case excluding an issuance solely pursuant to a Common Stock Change Event, as to which Section 5.09 will apply), then the Conversion Rate will be adjusted based on the following formula: 

where:

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the
Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately before the Open of Business on the effective date of such stock split or stock combination, as applicable;

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such
Ex-Dividend Date or effective date, as applicable;

OS0 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date or effective date, as applicable, without giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination; and

OS1 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock
split or stock combination, as applicable.

If any dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination of the type described in
this Section 5.05(A)(i) is declared or announced, but not so paid or made, then the Conversion Rate will be readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution or
to effect such stock split or stock combination, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination not been declared or announced. 

(ii) Rights, Options and Warrants. If the Company distributes, to all or substantially all holders of
Common Stock, rights, options or warrants (other than rights issued or otherwise distributed pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, as to which Sections 5.05(A)(iii)(1) and 5.05(F) will apply) entitling such holders, for a period of
not more than sixty (60) calendar days after the record date of such distribution, to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock
for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced, then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the

- 50 - 

following formula: 

where:

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the
Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such
Ex-Dividend Date;

OS 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

X 

= 

the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and

Y 

= 

a number of shares of Common Stock obtained by dividing (x) the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights,
options or warrants by (y) the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is
announced.

To the extent such rights, options or warrants are not so distributed, the Conversion
Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase to the Conversion Rate for such distribution been made on the basis of only the rights, options or warrants, if any, actually distributed. In addition, to
the extent that shares of Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants (including as a result of such rights, options or warrants not being exercised), the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the
Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase to the Conversion Rate for such distribution been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered upon exercise of such rights, options or
warrants. 

For purposes of this Section 5.05(A)(ii) and
Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(a)(I), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle holders of Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of
the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date the distribution of such rights, options or warrants is announced, and in
determining the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, there will be taken into account any consideration the Company receives for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise thereof, with the
value of such consideration, if not cash, to be determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 

- 51 - 

(iii) Spin-Offs and Other Distributed Property. 

(1) Distributions Other than Spin-Offs. If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock,
evidences of its indebtedness or other assets or property of the Company, or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock of the Company or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding: 

(u) dividends, distributions, rights, options or warrants for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is
required (or would be required without regard to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(i) or 5.05(A)(ii); 

(v) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is
required (or would be required assuming the Dividend Threshold were zero and without regard to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(iv); 

(w) rights issued or otherwise distributed pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, except to the extent
provided in Section 5.05(F); 

(x) Spin-Offs for which an adjustment to the
Conversion Rate is required (or would be required without regard to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2); 

(y) a distribution solely pursuant to a tender offer or exchange offer for shares of Common Stock, as to which
Section 5.05(A)(v) will apply; and 

(z) a distribution solely pursuant to a
Common Stock Change Event, as to which Section 5.09 will apply, 

then the Conversion Rate will be
increased based on the following formula: 

where:

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the
Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such
Ex-Dividend Date;

SP 

= 

the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of
Common

- 52 - 

Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before such Ex-Dividend Date; and

FMV 

= 

the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), as of such Ex-Dividend Date, of the shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants distributed per share of Common Stock pursuant to such distribution;

provided, however, that if FMV is equal to or greater than
SP, then, in lieu of the foregoing adjustment to the Conversion Rate, each Holder will receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held by such Holder on the record date for such distribution, at the same time and on the same terms as
holders of Common Stock, and without having to Convert its Notes, the amount and kind of shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants that such Holder would have received in such distribution if
such Holder had owned, on such record date, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on such record date. 

To the extent such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that
would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the distribution, if any, actually made or paid. 

(2) Spin-Offs. If the Company distributes or dividends shares of Capital Stock of any class or series,
or similar equity interests, of or relating to an Affiliate, a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock (other than solely pursuant to (x) a Common Stock Change Event, as to which
Section 5.09 will apply; or (y) a tender offer or exchange offer for shares of Common Stock, as to which Section 5.05(A)(v) will apply), and such Capital Stock or equity interests are listed
or quoted (or will be listed or quoted upon the consummation of the transaction) on a U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off), then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the
following formula: 

where:

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Spin-Off Valuation Period for such Spin-Off;

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Spin-Off Valuation Period;

- 53 - 

FMV 

= 

the product of (x) the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share or unit of the Capital Stock or equity
interests distributed in such Spin-Off over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period (the Spin-Off Valuation Period) beginning on, and
including, the Ex-Dividend Date for such Spin-Off (such average to be determined as if references to Common Stock in the definitions of Last Reported Sale Price, Trading Day and Market Disruption Event were
instead references to such Capital Stock or equity interests); and (y) the number of shares or units of such Capital Stock or equity interests distributed per share of Common Stock in such Spin-Off;
and

SP 

= 

the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock for each Trading Day in the Spin-Off Valuation Period.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2), if any VWAP Trading Day of the Observation Period for a Note to be Converted occurs during the Spin-Off Valuation Period for such Spin-Off, then, solely for purposes of determining the Conversion Rate for such VWAP Trading Day for such Conversion, such Spin-Off Valuation Period will be deemed to consist
of the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for such Spin-Off to, and including, such VWAP Trading Day. 

To the extent any dividend or distribution of the type set forth in this Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2) is
declared but not made or paid, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the dividend or distribution, if any, actually made or paid. 

(iv) Cash Dividends or Distributions. If the Company makes any cash dividend or distribution to all or
substantially all holders of Common Stock (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend that does not exceed the Dividend Threshold per share of Common Stock), then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula: 

where:

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the
Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such
Ex-Dividend Date;

SP 

= 

the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on the
Trading

- 54 - 

Day immediately before such Ex-Dividend Date;

T 

= 

an amount (subject to the proviso below, the Dividend Threshold) initially equal to $0.06 per share of
Common Stock; provided, however, that (x) if such dividend or distribution is not a regular quarterly cash dividend on the Common Stock, then T will be deemed to be zero dollars ($0.00) per share of Common Stock with
respect to such dividend or distribution; and (y) the Dividend Threshold will be adjusted in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same events for which, the Conversion Price is adjusted as a result of the operation of
Section 5.05(A) (other than this Section 5.05(A)(iv)); and

D 

= 

the cash amount distributed per share of Common Stock in such dividend or distribution;

provided, however, that if D is equal to or greater than SP,
then, in lieu of the foregoing adjustment to the Conversion Rate, each Holder will receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held by such Holder on the record date for such dividend or distribution, at the same time and on the same terms as
holders of Common Stock, and without having to Convert its Notes, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received in such dividend or distribution if such Holder had owned, on such record date, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
Conversion Rate in effect on such record date. 

To the extent such dividend or distribution is declared but not made or
paid, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the dividend or distribution, if any, actually made or paid. 

(v) Tender Offers or Exchange Offers. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes a payment in
respect of a tender offer or exchange offer for shares of Common Stock that is subject to the then applicable tender offer rules under the Exchange Act (other than solely pursuant to an odd-lot tender offer
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(h)(5) under the Exchange Act), and the value (determined as of the Expiration Time by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of the cash and other
consideration paid per share of Common Stock in such tender or exchange offer exceeds the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately after the last date (the Expiration Date) on which tenders
or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (as it may be amended), then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula: 

- 55 - 

where: 

CR0 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Tender/Exchange Offer
Valuation Period for such tender or exchange offer;

CR1 

= 

the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Tender/Exchange Offer
Valuation Period;

AC 

= 

the aggregate value (determined as of the time (the Expiration Time) such tender or exchange offer
expires by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of all cash and other consideration paid for shares of Common Stock purchased or exchanged in such tender or exchange offer;

OS0 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Expiration Time (including all shares of Common
Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);

OS1 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the Expiration Time (excluding all shares of Common
Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer); and

SP 

= 

the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Common Stock over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day
period (the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period) beginning on, and including, the Trading Day immediately after the Expiration Date;

provided, however, that the Conversion Rate will in no event be adjusted down
pursuant to this Section 5.05(A)(v), except to the extent provided in the immediately following paragraph. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.05(A)(v), if any VWAP Trading
Day of the Observation Period for a Note to be Converted occurs during the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period for such tender or exchange offer, then, solely for purposes of determining the Conversion Rate for such VWAP Trading Day for such
Conversion, such Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period will be deemed to consist of the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including, the Trading Day immediately after the Expiration Date for such tender or exchange offer to, and
including, such VWAP Trading Day. 

To the extent such tender or exchange offer is announced but not consummated (including
as a result of being precluded from consummating such tender or exchange offer under applicable law), or any purchases or exchanges of shares of Common Stock in such tender or exchange offer are rescinded, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to
the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the purchases or exchanges of shares of Common Stock, if any, actually made, and not rescinded, in such tender or exchange offer. 

- 56 - 

(B) No Adjustments in Certain Cases. 

(i) Where Holders Participate in the Transaction or Event Without Conversion. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in Section 5.05(A), the Company will not be obligated to adjust the Conversion Rate on account of a transaction or other event otherwise requiring an adjustment pursuant to
Section 5.05(A) (other than a stock split or combination of the type set forth in Section 5.05(A)(i) or a tender or exchange offer of the type set forth in
Section 5.05(A)(v)) if each Holder participates, at the same time and on the same terms as holders of Common Stock, and solely by virtue of being a Holder of Notes, in such transaction or event without having to Convert
such Holders Notes and as if such Holder held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the Conversion Rate in effect on the related record date; and (ii) the aggregate principal amount (expressed in thousands)
of Notes held by such Holder on such date. 

(ii) Certain Events. The Company will not be required to
adjust the Conversion Rate except as provided in Section 5.05 or Section 5.07. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company will not be obligated to adjust the Conversion Rate on account of: 

(1) except as otherwise provided in Section 5.05, the sale of shares of Common Stock
for a purchase price that is less than the market price per share of Common Stock or less than the Conversion Price; 

(2) the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the
reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any such plan; 

(3) the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant
to any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit or incentive plan or program (including pursuant to any evergreen plan) of, or assumed by, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(4) the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or convertible or
exchangeable security of the Company outstanding as of the Issue Date; 

(5) for a third-party tender offer
by any party other than a tender offer by one or more of the Companys Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(v); 

(6) upon the repurchase of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to an open-market share repurchase program or
other buy-back transaction (including, without limitation, any structured or derivative transactions such as accelerated share repurchase transactions or similar forward derivatives, or other buy-back transaction) that is not a tender offer or exchange offer pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(v); 

(7) solely a change in the par value (or lack of par value) of the Common Stock; or 

- 57 - 

(8) accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes. 

(C) Adjustment Deferral. If an adjustment to the Conversion Rate otherwise required by this Article 5 would
result in a change of less than one percent (1%) to the Conversion Rate, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 5, the Company may, at its election, defer and carry forward such adjustment, except that all such
deferred adjustments must be given effect immediately upon the earliest of the following: (i) when all such deferred adjustments would, had they not been so deferred and carried forward, result in a change of at least one percent (1%) to the
Conversion Rate; (ii) the Conversion Date of, or any VWAP Trading Day of an Observation Period for, any Note; (iii) the date a Fundamental Change or Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs; (iv) the date the Company calls any Notes for
Redemption; and (v) December 1, 2029. 

(D) Adjustments Not Yet Effective. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, if: 

(i) a Note is to be Converted pursuant to Combination
Settlement; 

(ii) the record date, effective date or Expiration Time for any event that requires an
adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.05(A) has occurred on or before any VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such Conversion, but an adjustment to the Conversion Rate for such event has not yet
become effective as of such VWAP Trading Day; 

(iii) the Conversion Consideration due in respect of such
VWAP Trading Day includes any whole or fractional shares of Common Stock; and 

(iv) such shares are not
entitled to participate in such event (because they were not held on the related record date or otherwise), 

then, solely for purposes of
such Conversion, the Company will, without duplication, give effect to such adjustment on such VWAP Trading Day. In such case, if the date on which the Company is otherwise required to deliver the consideration due upon such Conversion is before the
first date on which the amount of such adjustment can be determined, then the Company will delay the settlement of such Conversion until the second (2nd) Business Day after such first date. 

(E) Conversion Rate Adjustments Where Converting Holders Participate in the Relevant Transaction or Event.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, if: 

(i) a Conversion Rate
adjustment for any dividend or distribution becomes effective on any Ex-Dividend Date pursuant to Section 5.05(A); 

(ii) a Note is to be Converted pursuant to Combination Settlement; 

(iii) any VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such Conversion occurs on or after such Ex-Dividend Date and on or before the related record date; 

- 58 - 

(iv) the Conversion Consideration due in respect of such
VWAP Trading Day includes any whole or fractional shares of Common Stock based on a Conversion Rate that is adjusted for such dividend or distribution; and 

(v) such shares would be entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution (including pursuant to
Section 5.02(C)), 

then the Conversion Rate adjustment relating to such
Ex-Dividend Date will be made for such Conversion in respect of such VWAP Trading Day, but the shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to such VWAP Trading Day based on such adjusted Conversion Rate will
not be entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution. 

(F) Stockholder Rights Plans. If any shares of
Common Stock are to be issued upon Conversion of any Note and, at the time of such Conversion, the Company has in effect any stockholder rights plan, then the Holder of such Note will be entitled to receive, in addition to, and concurrently with the
delivery of, the Conversion Consideration otherwise payable under this Indenture upon such Conversion, the rights set forth in such stockholder rights plan, unless such rights have separated from the Common Stock at such time so that Holders would
not be entitled to receive any rights in respect of Common Stock, if any, issuable upon Conversion of the Notes, in which case, and only in such case, the Conversion Rate will be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1)
on account of such separation as if, at the time of such separation, the Company had made a distribution of the type referred to in such Section to all holders of the Common Stock, subject to potential readjustment in accordance with the last
paragraph of Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1). 

(G) Limitation on Effecting Transactions Resulting in
Certain Adjustments. The Company will not engage in or be a party to any transaction or event that would require the Conversion Rate to be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A) or Section 5.07
to an amount that would result in the Conversion Price per share of Common Stock being less than the par value per share of Common Stock. 

(H) Equitable Adjustments to Prices. Whenever any provision of this Indenture requires the Company to calculate the
average of the Last Reported Sale Prices, or any function thereof, over a period of multiple days (including to calculate the Stock Price or an adjustment to the Conversion Rate), or to calculate Daily VWAPs, Daily Conversion Values, Daily Cash
Amount or Daily Share Amounts over an Observation Period, the Company will make appropriate adjustments, if any, to such calculations to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.05(A) that
becomes effective, or any event requiring such an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, effective date or Expiration Date, as applicable, of such event occurs, at any time during such
period or Observation Period, as applicable. 

(I) Calculation of Number of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock. For
purposes of Section 5.05(A), the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time will (i) include shares issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of Common Stock; and
(ii) exclude shares of Common Stock held in the Companys treasury (unless the Company pays any dividend or makes any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in its treasury). 

- 59 - 

(J) Calculations. All calculations with respect to the Conversion
Rate and adjustments thereto will be made to the nearest 1/10,000th of a share of Common Stock (with 5/100,000ths rounded upward). 

(K) Notice of Conversion Rate Adjustments. Upon the effectiveness of any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to
Section 5.05(A), the Company will promptly send notice to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent containing (i) a brief description of the transaction or other event on account of which such adjustment was
made; (ii) the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after such adjustment; and (iii) the effective time of such adjustment. 

Section 5.06. VOLUNTARY ADJUSTMENTS. 

(A) Generally. To the extent permitted by law and applicable stock exchange rules, the Company, from time to time, may
(but is not required to) increase the Conversion Rate by any amount if (i) the Board of Directors determines that such increase is either (x) in the best interest of the Company; or (y) advisable to avoid or diminish any income tax
imposed on holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock as a result of any dividend or distribution of shares (or rights to acquire shares) of Common Stock or any similar event; (ii) such increase is in effect for a period of at
least twenty (20) Business Days; and (iii) such increase is irrevocable during such period. 

(B) Notice of
Voluntary Increases. If the Board of Directors determines to increase the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.06(A), then, no later than the first Business Day of the related twenty (20) Business Day period
referred to in Section 5.06(A), the Company will send notice to each Holder, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such increase, the amount thereof and the period during which such increase will be in effect. 

Section 5.07. ADJUSTMENTSTOTHE CONVERSION RATEIN
CONNECTIONWITHA MAKE-WHOLE FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE. 

(A) Generally. If a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs and the Conversion Date for the Conversion of a Note occurs
during the related Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period, then, subject to this Section 5.07, the Conversion Rate applicable to such Conversion will be increased by a number of shares (the Additional
Shares) set forth in the table below corresponding (after interpolation as provided in, and subject to, the provisions below) to the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date and the Stock Price of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change:

Stock Price 

Make-Whole

Fundamental

Change

Effective 
Date $19.55 $21.00 $23.46 $25.00 $27.50 $30.50 $35.00 $40.00 $45.00 $50.00 $55.00 $60.00 $75.00 $100.00 

March 17, 2025 8.5251 8.5251 6.7451 5.7024 4.3982 3.2830 2.1886 1.4445 0.9764 0.6672 0.4562 0.3100 0.0983 0.0332 

April 1, 2026 8.5251 8.5251 6.4910 5.3992 4.0607 2.9489 1.9009 1.2228 0.8131 0.5500 0.3718 0.2470 0.0479 0.0000 

April 1, 2027 8.5251 8.5129 6.0175 4.8820 3.5291 2.4544 1.5026 0.9315 0.6076 0.4070 0.2736 0.1807 0.0331 0.0000 

April 1, 2028 8.5251 8.0505 5.3308 4.1400 2.7898 1.7993 1.0160 0.6038 0.3898 0.2614 0.1753 0.1137 0.0131 0.0000 

April 1, 2029 8.5251 7.3900 4.2545 2.9844 1.7011 0.9285 0.4626 0.2740 0.1849 0.1292 0.0887 0.0575 0.0044 0.0000 

April 1, 2030 8.5251 4.9935 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

- 60 - 

If such Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date or Stock Price is not
set forth in the table above, then: 

(i) if such Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above
or the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date is between two dates in the table above, then the number of Additional Shares will be determined by straight-line interpolation between the numbers of Additional Shares set forth for the higher and
lower Stock Prices in the table above or the earlier and later dates in the table above, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable; and 

(ii) if the Stock Price is greater than $100.00 (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices
set forth in the column headings of the table above are adjusted pursuant to Section 5.07(B)), or less than $19.55 (subject to adjustment in the same manner), per share, then no Additional Shares will be added to the
Conversion Rate. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, in no event will the Conversion
Rate be increased to an amount that exceeds 51.1508 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which amount is subject to adjustment in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same events for which, the Conversion Rate
is required to be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A). 

For the avoidance of doubt, but subject
to Section 4.03(I), (x) the sending of a Redemption Notice will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change only with respect to the Notes called for Redemption pursuant to such Redemption Notice, and not with respect to any
other Notes; and (y) the Conversion Rate applicable to the Notes not so called for Redemption will not be subject to increase pursuant to this Section 5.07 on account of such Redemption Notice. 

(B) Adjustment of Stock Prices and Number of Additional Shares. The Stock Prices in the first row (i.e., the
column headers) of the table set forth in Section 5.07(A) will be adjusted in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same events for which, the Conversion Price is adjusted as a result of the operation of
Section 5.05(A). The numbers of Additional Shares in the table set forth in Section 5.07(A) will be adjusted in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same events for which, the
Conversion Rate is adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A). 

(C) Notice of the Occurrence of a
Make-Whole Fundamental Change. The Company will notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of each Make-Whole Fundamental Change (i) occurring pursuant to clause (A) of the definition thereof in accordance with
Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(b); and (ii) occurring pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof in accordance with Section 4.03(F). 

Section 5.08. EXCHANGEIN LIEUOF CONVERSION. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 5, and subject to the terms of this
Section 5.08, if a Note is submitted for Conversion, the Company may elect to arrange to have such Note exchanged in lieu of Conversion by a financial institution designated by the Company. To make such election, the
Company must send notice of such election to the Holder of such Note, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent before the Close of Business on the Business Day 

- 61 - 

immediately following the Conversion Date for such Note. If the Company has made such election, then: 

(A) no later than the Business Day immediately following such Conversion Date, the Company must deliver (or cause the
Conversion Agent to deliver) such Note, together with delivery instructions for the Conversion Consideration due upon such Conversion (including wire instructions, if applicable), to a financial institution designated by the Company that has agreed
to deliver such Conversion Consideration in the manner and at the time the Company would have had to deliver the same pursuant to this Article 5; 

(B) if such Note is a Global Note, then (i) such designated institution will send written confirmation to the Conversion
Agent promptly after wiring the cash Conversion Consideration, if any, and delivering any other Conversion Consideration, due upon such Conversion to the Holder of such Note; and (ii) the Conversion Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable
thereafter contact such Holders custodian with the Depositary to confirm receipt of the same; and 

(C) such Note
will not cease to be outstanding by reason of such exchange in lieu of Conversion; 

provided, however, that if such
financial institution does not accept such Note or fails to timely deliver such Conversion Consideration, then the Company will be responsible for delivering such Conversion Consideration in the manner and at the time provided in this Article
5 as if the Company had not elected to make an exchange in lieu of Conversion. 

Section 5.09. EFFECTOF
COMMON STOCK CHANGE EVENT. 

(A) Generally. If there
occurs any: 

(i) recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than
(x) changes solely resulting from a subdivision or combination of the Common Stock, (y) a change only in par value or from par value to no par value or no par value to par value and (z) stock splits and stock combinations that do not
involve the issuance of any other series or class of securities); 

(ii) consolidation, merger, combination
or binding or statutory share exchange involving the Company; 

(iii) sale, lease or other transfer of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person; or 

(iv) other similar event, 

and, as a result of which, the Common Stock is converted into, or is exchanged for, or represents solely the right to receive, other
securities, cash or other property, or any combination of the foregoing (such an event, a Common Stock Change Event, and such other securities, cash or property, the Reference Property, and the amount and kind
of Reference Property that a holder of one (1) share of Common Stock would be entitled to receive on account of such Common Stock Change Event (without giving effect to any arrangement not to issue or deliver a fractional portion

- 62 - 

of any security or other property), a Reference Property Unit), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, 

(1) from and after the effective time of such Common Stock Change Event, (I) the Conversion Consideration
due upon Conversion of any Note, and the conditions to any such Conversion, will be determined in the same manner as if each reference to any number of shares of Common Stock in this Article 5 (or in any related definitions) were instead a
reference to the same number of Reference Property Units; (II) for purposes of Section 4.03, each reference to any number of shares of Common Stock in such Section (or in any related definitions) will instead be deemed
to be a reference to the same number of Reference Property Units; and (III) for purposes of the definitions of Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change, references to Common Stock and the
Companys Common Equity will be deemed to refer to the Common Equity (including depositary receipts representing Common Equity), if any, forming part of such Reference Property; 

(2) if such Reference Property Unit consists entirely of cash, then (I) each Conversion of any Note with a
Conversion Date that occurs on or after the effective date of such Common Stock Change Event will be settled entirely in cash in an amount, per $1,000 principal amount of such Note being Converted, equal to the product of (x) the Conversion
Rate in effect on such Conversion Date (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any increase to such Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.07, if applicable); and (y) the amount of cash constituting such Reference
Property Unit; and (II) the Company will settle each such Conversion no later than the second (2nd) Business Day after the relevant Conversion Date; and 

(3) for these purposes, (I) the Daily VWAP of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that consists
of a class of Common Equity securities will be determined by reference to the definition of Daily VWAP, substituting, if applicable, the Bloomberg page for such class of securities in such definition; and (II) the Daily VWAP of any
Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that does not consist of a class of Common Equity securities, and the Last Reported Sale Price of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that does not consist of a class of securities, will be the
fair value of such Reference Property Unit or portion thereof, as applicable, determined in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by the Company (or, in the case of cash denominated in U.S. dollars, the face amount thereof). 

If the Reference Property consists of more than a single type of consideration to be determined based in part upon any form of
stockholder election, then the composition of the Reference Property Unit will be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received, per share of Common Stock, by the holders of Common Stock. The Company
will notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such weighted average as soon as reasonably practicable after such determination is made. 

At or before the effective time of such Common Stock Change Event, the Company and the resulting, surviving or transferee
Person (if not the Company) of such Common Stock Change Event (the Successor Person) will execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture 

- 63 - 

pursuant to Section 8.01(F), which supplemental indenture will (x) provide for subsequent Conversions of Notes in the manner set forth in this
Section 5.09; (y) provide for subsequent adjustments to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.05(A) in a manner consistent with this Section 5.09 (including giving
effect, in the reasonable discretion of the Company, to the Dividend Threshold in a manner that reflects the nature and value of the Reference Property Unit); and (z) contain such other provisions, if any, that the Company reasonably determines
are appropriate to preserve the economic interests of the Holders and to give effect to the provisions of this Section 5.09(A). If the Reference Property includes shares of stock or other securities or assets (other than
cash and/or cash equivalents) of a Person other than the Successor Person, then such other Person will also execute such supplemental indenture and such supplemental indenture will contain such additional provisions, if any, that the Company
reasonably determines are appropriate to preserve the economic interests of the Holders. 

(B) Notice of Common Stock
Change Events. The Company will provide notice of each Common Stock Change Event to Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent no later than the Business Day after the effective date of such Common Stock Change Event. 

(C) Compliance Covenant. The Company will not become a party to any Common Stock Change Event unless its terms are
consistent with this Section 5.09. 

Article 6. SUCCESSORS 

Section 6.01. WHENTHE COMPANY MAY MERGE, ETC. 

(A) Generally. The Company will not consolidate with or merge with or into, or (directly, or indirectly through one or
more of its Subsidiaries) sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person (a Business
Combination Event), unless: 

(i) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person either (x) is
the Company or (y) if not the Company, is a Qualified Successor Entity (such Qualified Successor Entity, the Successor Entity) duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or
the District of Columbia that expressly assumes (by executing and delivering to the Trustee, at or before the effective time of such Business Combination Event, a supplemental indenture pursuant to Section 8.01(E)) all of
the Companys obligations under this Indenture and the Notes; and 

(ii) immediately after giving
effect to such Business Combination Event, no Default or Event of Default will have occurred and be continuing. 

(B)
Delivery of Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee. At or before the effective time of any Business Combination Event, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel,
each stating that (i) such Business Combination Event (and, if applicable, the related supplemental indenture) comply with Section 6.01(A); and (ii) all conditions precedent to such Business Combination Event
provided in this Indenture have been satisfied. 

- 64 - 

Section 6.02. SUCCESSOR ENTITY SUBSTITUTED. 

At the effective time of any Business Combination Event that complies with Section 6.01, the
Successor Entity (if not the Company) will succeed to, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture and the Notes with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company in this Indenture and the
Notes, and, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor Company will be discharged from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes. 

Section 6.03. EXCLUSIONFOR ASSET TRANSFERSWITH WHOLLY
OWNED SUBSIDIARIES. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 6,
this Article 6 will not apply to any transfer of assets (other than by merger or consolidation) between or among the Company and any one or more of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any such transfer,
the transferee will not succeed to the transferor, and the transferor will not be discharged from its obligations, under this Indenture and the Notes. 

Article 7. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

Section 7.01. EVENTSOF DEFAULT. 

(A) Definition of Events of Default. Event of Default means the occurrence of any of the following:

(i) a default in the payment when due (whether at maturity, upon Redemption or Repurchase Upon Fundamental
Change or otherwise) of the principal of, or the Redemption Price or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for, any Note; 

(ii) a default for thirty (30) consecutive days in the payment when due of interest on any Note; 

(iii) the Companys failure to deliver, when required by this Indenture, a Fundamental Change Notice, or a
notice pursuant to Section 5.01(C)(i)(3), if (in the case of any notice other than a notice pursuant to Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(a)) such failure is not cured within three (3) Business Days after
its occurrence; 

(iv) a default in the Companys obligation to Convert a Note in accordance with
Article 5 upon the exercise of the Conversion right with respect thereto, if such default is not cured within three (3) Business Days after its occurrence; 

(v) a default in the Companys obligations under Article 6; 

(vi) a default in any of the Companys obligations or agreements under this Indenture or the Notes (other
than a default set forth in clause(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) of this Section 7.01(A)) where such default is not cured or waived within sixty (60) days after written
notice to the Company by the Trustee, or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, which notice must specify such default, demand that it be remedied
and 

- 65 - 

state that such notice is a Notice of Default; 

(vii) a default by the Company or any of the Companys Significant Subsidiaries with respect to any one or
more mortgages, agreements or other instruments under which there is outstanding, or by which there is secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for borrowed money of at least forty million dollars ($40,000,000) (or its foreign currency equivalent) in
the aggregate of the Company or any of the Companys Significant Subsidiaries, whether such indebtedness exists as of the Issue Date or is thereafter created, where such default: 

(1) constitutes a failure to pay the principal of such indebtedness when due and payable at its stated
maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, in each case after the expiration of any applicable grace period; or 

(2) results in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable before its stated maturity, 

in each case where such default is not cured or waived within thirty (30) days after written notice to the Company by the
Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding; 

(viii) one or more final judgments being rendered against the Company or any of the Companys Significant
Subsidiaries for the payment of at least forty million dollars ($40,000,000) (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate (excluding any amounts covered by insurance), where such judgment is not discharged or stayed within sixty
(60) days after (i) the date on which the right to appeal the same has expired, if no such appeal has commenced; or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; 

(ix) the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy
Law, either: 

(1) commences a voluntary case or proceeding; 

(2) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case or proceeding; 

(3) consents to the appointment of a custodian of it or for any substantial part of its property; 

(4) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; 

(5) takes any comparable action under any foreign Bankruptcy Law; or 

(6) generally is not paying its debts as they become due; or 

(x) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any

- 66 - 

Bankruptcy Law that either: 

(1) is for relief
against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries in an involuntary case or proceeding; 

(2)
appoints a custodian of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or for any substantial part of the property of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries; 

(3) orders the winding up or liquidation of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries; or 

(4) grants any similar relief under any foreign Bankruptcy Law, 

and, in each case under this Section 7.01(A)(x), such order or decree remains unstayed and in effect
for at least sixty (60) days. 

(B) Cause Irrelevant. Each of the events set forth in
Section 7.01(A) will constitute an Event of Default regardless of the cause thereof or whether voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order,
rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body. 

Section 7.02. ACCELERATION. 

(A) Automatic Acceleration in Certain Circumstances. If an Event of Default set forth in
Section 7.01(A)(ix) or 7.01(A)(x) occurs with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a Significant Subsidiary of the Company), then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all
of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any Person. 

(B) Optional Acceleration. Subject to Section 7.03, if an Event of Default (other than an
Event of Default set forth in Section 7.01(A)(ix) or 7.01(A)(x) with respect to the Company and not solely with respect to a Significant Subsidiary of the Company) occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee, by
written notice to the Company, or Holders of at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and
unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. For the avoidance of doubt, if such Event of Default is not continuing at the time such notice is provided (that is, such Event of Default has been cured or
waived as of such time), then such notice will not be effective to cause such amounts to become due and payable immediately. 

(C) Rescission of Acceleration. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Holders of
a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may, on behalf of all Holders, rescind any acceleration of the Notes and its consequences if (i) such rescission would not
conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction; and (ii) all existing Events of Default (except the non-payment of principal of, or interest on, the Notes that has become due
solely because of such acceleration) have been cured or waived. No such rescission will affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereto. 

- 67 - 

Section 7.03. SOLE REMEDYFORA
FAILURETO REPORT. 

(A) Generally. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Company may elect that the sole remedy for any Event of Default (a Reporting Event of Default) pursuant to Section 7.01(A)(vi) arising from the Companys
failure to comply with Section 3.02(A) will, for each of the first three hundred sixty-five (365) calendar days on which a Reporting Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, consist exclusively of the
accrual of Special Interest on the Notes. If the Company has made such an election, then (i) the Notes will be subject to acceleration pursuant to Section 7.02(A) on account of the relevant Reporting Event of
Default from, and including, the three hundred sixty-sixth (366th) calendar day on which a Reporting Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or if the Company fails to pay any accrued and unpaid Special Interest when due; and
(ii) Special Interest will cease to accrue on any Notes from, and including, such three hundred sixty-sixth (366th) calendar day (it being understood that interest on any defaulted Special Interest will nonetheless accrue pursuant to
Section 2.05(B)). 

(B) Amount and Payment of Special Interest. Any Special Interest that
accrues on a Note pursuant to Section 7.03(A) will be payable on the same dates and in the same manner as the Stated Interest on such Note and will accrue at a rate per annum equal to
one-quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the principal amount thereof for the first one hundred eighty (180) days on which Special Interest accrues and, thereafter, at a rate per annum equal to one-half of one percent (0.50%) of the principal amount thereof; provided, however, that in no event will Special Interest, together with any Additional Interest (excluding any interest that accrues on
any Deferred Additional Interest pursuant to Section 3.04(C)), accrue on any day on a Note at a combined rate per annum that exceeds one-half of one percent (0.50%). For the avoidance
of doubt, any Special Interest that accrues on a Note will be in addition to the Stated Interest that accrues on such Note and, subject to the proviso of the immediately preceding sentence, in addition to any Additional Interest that accrues on such
Note. 

(C) Notice of Election. To make the election set forth in Section 7.03(A), the
Company must send to the Holders, the Trustee and the Paying Agent, before the date on which each Reporting Event of Default first occurs, a notice that (i) briefly describes the report(s) that the Company failed to file with the SEC;
(ii) states that the Company is electing that the sole remedy for such Reporting Event of Default consist of the accrual of Special Interest; and (iii) briefly describes the periods during which and rate at which Special Interest will
accrue and the circumstances under which the Notes will be subject to acceleration on account of such Reporting Event of Default. 

(D) Notice to Trustee and Paying Agent; Trustees Disclaimer. If Special Interest accrues on any Note, then, no
later than five (5) Business Days before each date on which such Special Interest is to be paid, the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee and the Paying Agent stating (i) that the Company is obligated to pay
Special Interest on such Note on such date of payment; and (ii) the amount of such Special Interest that is payable on such date of payment. The Trustee will have no duty to determine whether any Special Interest is payable or the amount
thereof. 

- 68 - 

(E) No Effect on Other Events of Default. No election pursuant to
this Section 7.03 with respect to a Reporting Event of Default will affect the rights of any Holder with respect to any other Event of Default, including with respect to any other Reporting Event of Default. 

Section 7.04. OTHER REMEDIES. 

(A) Trustee May Pursue All Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee may pursue any
available remedy to collect the payment of any amounts due with respect to the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of this Indenture or the Notes. 

(B) Procedural Matters. The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not
produce any of them in such proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in exercising any right or remedy following an Event of Default will not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of, or acquiescence in, such Event of
Default. All remedies will be cumulative to the extent permitted by law. 

Section 7.05. WAIVEROF
PAST DEFAULTS. 

An Event of Default pursuant to clause(i), (ii),
(iv) or (vi) of Section 7.01(A) (that, in the case of clause (vi) only, results from a Default under any covenant that cannot be amended without the consent of each affected Holder), and a
Default that could lead to such an Event of Default, can be waived only with the consent of each affected Holder. Each other Default or Event of Default may be waived, on behalf of all Holders, by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the Notes then outstanding. If an Event of Default is so waived, then it will cease to exist. If a Default is so waived, then it will be deemed to be cured and any Event of Default arising therefrom will be deemed not to occur. However, no
such waiver will extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right arising therefrom. Each such waiver of a Default or Event of Default will have the effect set forth in Section 8.04(D). 

Section 7.06. CUREOF DEFAULTS; ABILITYTO CUREOR WAIVE BEFORE EVENTOF DEFAULT OCCURS. 

For the avoidance of doubt, and without limiting the manner in which any Default can be cured, (A) a Default consisting of
a failure to send a notice in accordance with this Indenture will be cured upon the sending of such notice; (B) a Default in making any payment on (or delivering any other consideration in respect of) any Note will be cured upon the delivery,
in accordance with this Indenture, of such payment (or other consideration) together, if applicable, with Default Interest thereon; and (C) a Default that is (or, after notice, passage of time or both, would be) a Reporting Event of Default
will be cured upon the filing of the relevant report(s) giving rise to such Reporting Event of Default. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, if a Default that is not an Event of Default is cured or waived before such Default would have
constituted an Event of Default, then no Event of Default will result from such Default. 

Section 7.07. CONTROLBY
MAJORITY. 

Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may direct
the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy 

- 69 - 

available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on it. However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law, this Indenture or the Notes, or that,
subject to Section 10.01, the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders or may involve the Trustee in liability, unless the Trustee is offered (and, if requested, provided with) security
and indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense to the Trustee that may result from the Trustees following such direction. 

Section 7.08. LIMITATIONON SUITS. 

No Holder may pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes (except to enforce (x) its rights to receive
the principal of, or the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price for, or any interest on, any Notes; or (y) the Companys obligations to Convert any Notes pursuant to Article 5), unless: 

(A) such Holder has previously delivered to the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default is continuing; 

(B) Holders of at least twenty-five percent (25%) in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding deliver a
request to the Trustee to pursue such remedy; 

(C) such Holder or Holders offer and, if requested, provide to the Trustee
security and indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense to the Trustee that may result from the Trustees following such request; 

(D) the Trustee does not comply with such request within sixty (60) calendar days after its receipt of such request and
such offer of security or indemnity; and 

(E) during such sixty (60) calendar day period, Holders of a majority in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding do not deliver to the Trustee a direction that is inconsistent with such request. 

A Holder of a Note may not use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Holder or to obtain a preference or priority
over another Holder. The Trustee will have no duty to determine whether any Holders use of this Indenture complies with the preceding sentence. 

Section 7.09. ABSOLUTE RIGHTOF HOLDERSTO INSTITUTE
SUITFORTHE ENFORCEMENTOFTHE RIGHTTO RECEIVE PAYMENTAND
CONVERSION CONSIDERATION. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or
the Notes (but without limiting Section 8.01), the right of each Holder of a Note to bring suit for the enforcement of any payment or delivery, as applicable, of the principal of, or the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price
or Redemption Price for, or any interest on, or the Conversion Consideration due pursuant to Article 5 upon Conversion of, such Note on or after the respective due dates therefor provided in this Indenture and the Notes, will not be impaired
or affected without the consent of such Holder. 

Section 7.10. COLLECTION SUITBY
TRUSTEE. 

The Trustee will have the right, upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default

- 70 - 

pursuant to clause(i), (ii) or (iv) of Section 7.01(A), to recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against
the Company for the total unpaid or undelivered principal of, or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price for, or any interest on, or Conversion Consideration due pursuant to Article 5 upon Conversion of, the Notes, as
applicable, and, to the extent lawful, any Default Interest on any Defaulted Amounts, and such further amounts sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including compensation provided for in Section 10.06.

Section 7.11. TRUSTEE MAY FILE PROOFSOF CLAIM.

The Trustee has the right to (A) file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or
advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Company (or any other obligor upon the Notes) or its creditors or property and (B) collect, receive and distribute any
money or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims. Each Holder authorizes any custodian in such proceeding to make such payments to the Trustee, and, if the Trustee consents to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to
pay to the Trustee any amount due to the Trustee for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts payable to the Trustee pursuant to
Section 10.06. To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements, advances and other amounts out of the estate in such proceeding, is denied for any reason, payment of the same will be secured
by a lien (senior to the rights of Holders) on, and will be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding (whether in liquidation or under any
plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise). Nothing in this Indenture will be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize, consent to, accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or
composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. 

Section 7.12. PRIORITIES. 

The Trustee will pay or deliver in the following order any money or other property that it collects pursuant to this Article
7: 

First: to the Trustee and its agents and attorneys for amounts due under
Section 10.06, including payment of all fees and compensation of, and all expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by, the Trustee (in each of its capacities under this Indenture, including as Note Agent)
and the costs and expenses of collection; 

Second: to Holders for unpaid amounts or other property
due on the Notes, including the principal of, or the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price for, or any interest on, or any Conversion Consideration due upon Conversion of, the Notes, ratably, and without preference or priority of
any kind, according to such amounts or other property due and payable on all of the Notes; and 

Third: to the Company or such other Person as a court of competent jurisdiction directs. 

- 71 - 

The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any payment or
delivery to the Holders pursuant to this Section 7.12, in which case the Trustee will instruct the Company to, and the Company will, deliver, at least fifteen (15) calendar days before such record date, to each Holder
and the Trustee a notice stating such record date, such payment date and the amount of such payment or nature of such delivery, as applicable. 

Section 7.13. UNDERTAKINGFOR COSTS. 

In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or the Notes or in any suit against the Trustee for
any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, a court, in its discretion, may (A) require the filing by any litigant party in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit; and (B) assess reasonable costs (including reasonable
attorneys fees) against any litigant party in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such litigant party; provided, however, that this Section 7.13
does not apply to any suit by the Trustee, any suit by a Holder pursuant to Section 7.09 or any suit by one or more Holders of more than ten percent (10%) in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 

Article 8. AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTS AND WAIVERS 

Section 8.01. WITHOUTTHE CONSENTOF HOLDERS. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 8.02, the Company and the Trustee may amend or
supplement this Indenture or the Notes without the consent of any Holder to: 

(A) cure any ambiguity or correct any
omission, defect or inconsistency in this Indenture or the Notes; 

(B) add guarantees with respect to the Companys
obligations under this Indenture or the Notes; 

(C) secure the Notes; 

(D) add to the Companys covenants or Events of Default for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power
conferred on the Company; 

(E) provide for the assumption of the Companys obligations under this Indenture and the
Notes pursuant to, and in compliance with, Article 6; 

(F) enter into supplemental indentures pursuant to, and in
accordance with, Section 5.09 in connection with a Common Stock Change Event; 

(G) irrevocably
elect or eliminate any Settlement Method or Specified Dollar Amount; provided, however, that (i) no such election or elimination will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any
Note pursuant to Section 5.03(A); and (ii) such irrevocable election or elimination can in no event result in a Specified Dollar Amount of less than $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes applying to the
Conversion of any Note; 

- 72 - 

(H) evidence or provide for the acceptance of the appointment, under this
Indenture, of a successor Trustee; 

(I) conform the provisions of this Indenture and the Notes to the Description of
Notes section of the Companys preliminary offering memorandum, dated March 12, 2025, as supplemented by the related pricing term sheet, dated March 12, 2025; 

(J) provide for or confirm the issuance of additional Notes pursuant to Section 2.03(B); 

(K) comply with any requirement of the SEC in connection with any qualification of this Indenture, or any related supplemental
indenture, under the Trust Indenture Act, as then in effect; 

(L) comply with the rules of any applicable securities
depositary for the Notes, including the Depository Trust Company, so long as such amendment does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder; or 

(M) make any other change to this Indenture or the Notes that does not, individually or in the aggregate with all other such
changes, adversely affect the rights of the Holders, as such, in any material respect, as determined by the Company in good faith. 

At the written request of any Holder of a Note or owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Note, the Company will provide a
copy of the Description of Notes section and pricing term sheet referred to in Section 8.01(I). 

Section 8.02. WITHTHE CONSENTOF HOLDERS. 

(A) Generally. Subject to Sections 8.01, 7.05 and 7.09 and the immediately following sentence, the
Company and the Trustee may, with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, amend or supplement this Indenture or the Notes or waive compliance with any provision of this Indenture or the
Notes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing sentence, but subject to Section 8.01, without the consent of each affected Holder, no amendment or supplement to this Indenture or the Notes, or waiver of
any provision of this Indenture or the Notes, may: 

(i) reduce the principal, or extend the stated
maturity, of any Note; 

(ii) reduce the Redemption Price or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for any
Note or change the times at which, or the circumstances under which, the Notes may or will be redeemed or repurchased by the Company; 

(iii) reduce the rate, or extend the time for the payment, of interest on any Note; 

(iv) make any change that adversely affects the Conversion rights of any Note other than as expressly required
by this Indenture; 

(v) impair the rights of any Holder set forth in Section 7.09
(as such Section is in effect on the Issue Date); 

- 73 - 

(vi) change the ranking of the Notes; 

(vii) make any Note payable in money, or at a place of payment, other than that stated in this Indenture or the
Note; 

(viii) reduce the amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to any amendment, supplement, waiver or
other modification; or 

(ix) make any direct or indirect change to any amendment, supplement, waiver or
modification provision of this Indenture or the Notes that requires the consent of each affected Holder. 

For the
avoidance of doubt, pursuant to clauses(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this Section 8.02(A), no amendment or supplement to this Indenture or the Notes, or waiver of any provision of
this Indenture or the Notes, may (except as expressly provided otherwise in this Indenture or the Notes) change the type or reduce the amount of consideration due on any Note (whether on an Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date or the Maturity Date or upon Conversion, or otherwise), or the date(s) or time(s) such consideration is payable or deliverable, as applicable, without the consent of each affected Holder. 

(B) Holders Need Not Approve the Particular Form of any Amendment. A consent of any Holder pursuant to this
Section 8.02 need approve only the substance, and not necessarily the particular form, of the proposed amendment, supplement or waiver. 

Section 8.03. NOTICEOF AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTSAND WAIVERS.

As soon as reasonably practicable after any amendment, supplement or waiver pursuant to
Section 8.01 or 8.02 becomes effective, the Company will send to the Holders and the Trustee notice that (A) describes the substance of such amendment, supplement or waiver in reasonable detail and (B) states the
effective date thereof; provided, however, that the Company will not be required to provide such notice to the Holders if such amendment, supplement or waiver is included in a periodic report filed by the Company with the SEC within
four (4) Business Days of its effectiveness. The failure to send, or the existence of any defect in, such notice will not impair or affect the validity of such amendment, supplement or waiver. 

Section 8.04. REVOCATION, EFFECTAND SOLICITATIONOF
CONSENTS; SPECIAL RECORD DATES; ETC. 

(A)
Revocation and Effect of Consents. The consent of a Holder of a Note to an amendment, supplement or waiver will bind (and constitute the consent of) each subsequent Holder of any Note to the extent the same evidences any portion of the same
indebtedness as the consenting Holders Note, subject to the right of any Holder of a Note to revoke (if not prohibited pursuant to Section 8.04(B)) any such consent with respect to such Note by delivering notice of
revocation to the Trustee before the time such amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective. 

(B) Special Record
Dates. The Company may, but is not required to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to consent or take any other action in 

- 74 - 

connection with any amendment, supplement or waiver pursuant to this Article 8. If a record date is fixed, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
Section 8.04(A), only Persons who are Holders as of such record date (or their duly designated proxies) will be entitled to give such consent, to revoke any consent previously given or to take any such action, regardless of
whether such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date; provided, however, that no such consent will be valid or effective for more than one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after such record date. 

(C) Solicitation of Consents. For the avoidance of doubt, each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to the consent
of a Holder will be deemed to include any such consent obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, any Notes. 

(D) Effectiveness and Binding Effect. Each amendment or supplement to this Indenture or the Notes, or waiver of any
Default, Event of Default or compliance with any provision of this Indenture or the Notes, will become effective in accordance with its terms and, when it becomes effective with respect to any Note (or any portion thereof), will thereafter bind
every Holder of such Note (or such portion). 

Section 8.05. NOTATIONSAND EXCHANGES. 

If any amendment, supplement or waiver changes the terms of a Note, then the Trustee or the Company may, in its discretion,
require the Holder of such Note to deliver such Note to the Trustee so that the Trustee may place an appropriate notation prepared by the Company on such Note and return such Note to such Holder. Alternatively, at its discretion, the Company may, in
exchange for such Note, issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, a new Note that reflects the changed terms. The failure to make any appropriate notation
or issue a new Note pursuant to this Section 8.05 will not impair or affect the validity of such amendment, supplement or waiver. 

Section 8.06. TRUSTEETO EXECUTE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES. 

The Trustee will execute and deliver any amendment or supplemental indenture authorized pursuant to this Article 8;
provided, however, that the Trustee need not (but may, in its sole and absolute discretion) execute or deliver any such amendment or supplemental indenture that the Trustee concludes adversely affects the Trustees rights, duties,
liabilities or immunities. In executing any amendment or supplemental indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to receive, and (subject to Sections10.01 and 10.02) will be fully protected in relying on, an Officers
Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that (A) the execution and delivery of such amendment or supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture; and (B) in the case of the Opinion of Counsel, such amendment or
supplemental indenture is valid, binding and enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms. 

- 75 - 

Article 9. SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 

Section 9.01. TERMINATIONOF COMPANYS OBLIGATIONS. 

The Notes and this Indenture will be discharged, and will cease to be of further effect as to all Notes issued under this
Indenture, when: 

(A) all Notes then outstanding (other than Notes replaced pursuant to
Section 2.13) have (i) been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or (ii) become due and payable (whether on a Redemption Date, a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Maturity Date, upon Conversion or
otherwise) for an amount of cash or Conversion Consideration, as applicable, that has been fixed; 

(B) the Company has
caused there to be irrevocably deposited with the Trustee, or with the Paying Agent (or, with respect to Conversion Consideration, the Conversion Agent), in each case for the benefit of the Holders, or has otherwise caused there to be delivered to
the Holders, cash (or, with respect to Notes to be Converted, Conversion Consideration) sufficient to satisfy all amounts or other property due on all Notes then outstanding (other than Notes replaced pursuant to
Section 2.13); 

(C) the Company has paid all other amounts payable by it under this Indenture;
and 

(D) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating
that the conditions precedent to the discharge of this Indenture have been satisfied; 

provided, however, that Article
10 and Section 11.01 will survive such discharge and, until no Notes remain outstanding, Section 2.15 and the obligations of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent with respect
to money or other property deposited with them will survive such discharge. 

At the Companys request, the Trustee
will acknowledge the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture. 

Section 9.02. REPAYMENTTO
COMPANY. 

Subject to applicable unclaimed property law, the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion
Agent will promptly notify the Company if there exists (and, at the Companys request, promptly deliver to the Company) any cash, Conversion Consideration or other property held by any of them for payment or delivery on the Notes that remain
unclaimed two (2) years after the date on which such payment or delivery was due. After such delivery to the Company, the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent will have no further liability to any Holder with respect to such cash,
Conversion Consideration or other property, and Holders entitled to the payment or delivery of such cash, Conversion Consideration or other property must look to the Company for payment as a general creditor of the Company. 

- 76 - 

Section 9.03. REINSTATEMENT. 

If the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Conversion Agent is unable to apply any cash or other property deposited with it
pursuant to Section 9.01 because of any legal proceeding or any order or judgment of any court or other governmental authority that enjoins, restrains or otherwise prohibits such application, then the discharge of this
Indenture pursuant to Section 9.01 will be rescinded; provided, however, that if the Company thereafter pays or delivers any cash or other property due on the Notes to the Holders thereof, then the Company
will be subrogated to the rights of such Holders to receive such cash or other property from the cash or other property, if any, held by the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Conversion Agent, as applicable. 

Article 10. TRUSTEE 

Section 10.01. DUTIESOFTHE TRUSTEE. 

(A) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has written notice or
actual knowledge of the same, then, without limiting the generality of Section 10.02(F), the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in
its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs. 

(B) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default: 

(i) the duties of the Trustee will be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the
Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations will be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

(ii) in the absence of bad faith or willful misconduct on its part, the Trustee may, without investigation,
conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon Officers Certificates or Opinions of Counsel that are provided to the Trustee and conform to the requirements of this Indenture;
provided, however, that the Trustee will examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture. 

(C) The Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its negligence or willful misconduct, except that: 

(i) this paragraph will not limit the effect of Section 10.01(B); 

(ii) the Trustee will not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer,
unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and 

(iii) the
Trustee will not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it pursuant to Section 7.07. 

(D) No provision of this Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk its own

- 77 - 

funds or incur any liability. 

(E) The Trustee will not be liable
for interest on any money received by it, except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds, except to the extent required by law. 

(F) The Trustee will not be liable in its individual capacity for the obligations evidenced by the Notes. 

(G) Each provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee (including any provision that affects the
liability of, or affords protection to, the Trustee) is subject to this Section 10.01, regardless of whether such provision so expressly provides. 

Section 10.02. RIGHTSOFTHE TRUSTEE. 

(A) The Trustee may conclusively rely on any document that it believes to be genuine and signed or presented by the proper
Person, and the Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in such document. 

(B) Before the Trustee acts or
refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of
Counsel. The Trustee may consult with counsel; and the written advice of such counsel, or any Opinion of Counsel, will constitute full and complete authorization of the Trustee to take or omit to take any action in good faith in reliance thereon
without liability. 

(C) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be responsible for the
misconduct or negligence of any such agent appointed with due care. 

(D) The Trustee will not be liable for any action it
takes or omits to take in good faith and that it believes to be authorized or within the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture. 

(E) Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Company will
be sufficient if signed by an Officer of the Company. 

(F) The Trustee need not exercise any rights or powers vested in it
by this Indenture at the request or direction of any Holder unless such Holder has offered (and, if requested, provided) the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense that it may incur in
complying with such request or direction. 

(G) The Trustee will not be responsible or liable for any punitive, special,
indirect or consequential loss or damage (including lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(H) The permissive rights of the Trustee set forth in this Indenture will not be construed as duties imposed on the Trustee.

(I) The Trustee will not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the

- 78 - 

execution or performance of this Indenture or otherwise. 

(J) Unless
a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has received notice from the Company that Additional Interest or Special Interest is owing or accruing, on the Notes, the Trustee may assume that no Additional Interest or Special Interest, as applicable, is
payable or accruing. 

(K) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including its
right to be indemnified, are extended to, and will be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities under this Indenture, including as Note Agent. 

(L) The Trustee will not be charged with knowledge of any document or agreement other than this Indenture and the Notes. 

(M) Neither the Trustee nor any Note Agent will have any responsibility or liability to any person for any action taken or not
taken by, or any records or any other aspect of the operations of, the Depositary (including the delivery of notices, or the making of payments, through the facilities of the Depositary) and may conclusively rely, without investigation, on any
information provided by the Depositary. 

Section 10.03. INDIVIDUAL RIGHTSOFTHE
TRUSTEE. 

The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of any
Note and may otherwise deal with the Company or any of its Affiliates with the same rights that it would have if it were not Trustee; provided, however, that if the Trustee acquires a conflicting interest (within the
meaning of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act), then it must eliminate such conflict within ninety (90) days or resign as Trustee. Each Note Agent will have the same rights and duties as the Trustee under this
Section 10.03. 

Section 10.04. TRUSTEES DISCLAIMER. 

The Trustee will not be (A) responsible for, and makes no representation as to, the validity or adequacy of this Indenture
or the Notes; (B) accountable for the Companys use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Company or upon the Companys direction under any provision of this Indenture; (C) responsible for the use or application
of any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee; and (D) responsible for any statement or recital in this Indenture, the Notes or any other document relating to the sale of the Notes or this Indenture, other than the
Trustees certificate of authentication. 

Section 10.05. NOTICEOF DEFAULTS. 

If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing and is actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, then
the Trustee will send Holders a notice of such Default or Event of Default within ninety (90) days after it occurs or, if it is not actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at such time, promptly (and in any event within ten
(10) Business Days) after it becomes actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee; provided, however, that, except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, or interest on, any
Note, or Default in the payment or delivery of the consideration due upon Conversion, the Trustee may withhold such notice if and for so long as it in good faith determines 

- 79 - 

that withholding such notice is in the interests of the Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee will not be required to deliver such notice at any time after such Default or Event of
Default is cured or waived. The Trustee will not be deemed to have notice or be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless (A) written notice thereof has been received by a Responsible Officer; and (B) such notice
references the Notes and this Indenture and states on its face that a Default or Event of Default has occurred. 

Section 10.06.
COMPENSATIONAND INDEMNITY. 

(A) The Company will, from time to time, pay
the Trustee reasonable compensation for its acceptance of this Indenture and services under this Indenture as separately agreed to by the Company and the Trustee. The Trustees compensation will not be limited by any law on compensation of a
trustee of an express trust. In addition to the compensation for the Trustees services, the Company will reimburse the Trustee promptly upon request for all reasonable disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it under this
Indenture, including the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustees agents and counsel. 

(B) The Company will indemnify the Trustee (in each of its capacities under this Indenture) and its directors, officers,
employees and agents, in their capacities as such, against any and all losses, liabilities or expenses incurred by it arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties under this Indenture, including the costs and
expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Company (including this Section 10.06) and defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Company, any Holder or any other Person) or liability in connection
with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties under this Indenture, except to the extent any such loss, liability or expense is attributable (as determined by a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction) to its negligence
or willful misconduct. The Trustee will promptly notify the Company of any claim for which it may seek indemnity, but the Trustees failure to so notify the Company will not relieve the Company of its obligations under this
Section 10.06(B), except to the extent the Company is materially prejudiced by such failure. The Company will defend such claim, and the Trustee will cooperate in such defense. If the Trustee is advised by counsel that it
may have defenses available to it that are in conflict with the defenses available to the Company, or that there is an actual or potential conflict of interest, then the Trustee may retain separate counsel, and the Company will pay the reasonable
fees and expenses of such counsel (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Trustee incurred in evaluating whether such a conflict exists). The Company need not pay for any settlement of any such claim made without its consent,
which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

(C) The obligations of the Company under this
Section 10.06 will survive the resignation or removal of the Trustee and the discharge of this Indenture. 

(D) To secure the Companys payment obligations in this Section 10.06, the Trustee will have a
lien prior to the Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal of, or interest on, particular Notes, which lien will survive the discharge of this Indenture. 

(E) If the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default pursuant to clause(ix) or
(x) of Section 7.01(A) occurs, then such expenses and the compensation for such 

- 80 - 

services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law. 

Section 10.07. REPLACEMENTOFTHE TRUSTEE. 

(A) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.07, a resignation or removal of the
Trustee, and the appointment of a successor Trustee, will become effective only upon such successor Trustees acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 10.07. 

(B) The Trustee may resign at any time and be discharged from the trust created by this Indenture by so notifying the Company.
The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Company in writing. The Company may remove the Trustee if: 

(i) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 10.09; 

(ii) the Trustee is adjudged to be bankrupt or insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the
Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law; 

(iii) a custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its
property; or 

(iv) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting. 

(C) If the Trustee resigns or is removed, or if a vacancy exists in the office of the Trustee for any reason, then
(i) the Company will promptly appoint a successor Trustee; and (ii) at any time within one (1) year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may
appoint a successor Trustee to replace such successor Trustee appointed by the Company. 

(D) If a successor Trustee does
not take office within sixty (60) days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, then the retiring Trustee, the Company or the Holders of at least ten percent (10%) in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may
petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

(E) If the Trustee, after
written request by a Holder of at least six (6) months, fails to comply with Section 10.09, then such Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a
successor Trustee. 

(F) A successor Trustee will deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee
and to the Company, upon which notice the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee will become effective and the successor Trustee will have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Trustee will send
notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring Trustee will, upon payment of all amounts due to it under this Indenture, promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee, which property will, for the avoidance of
doubt, be subject to the lien provided for in Section 10.06(D). 

- 81 - 

Section 10.08. SUCCESSOR TRUSTEEBY
MERGER, ETC. 

Any entity into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which
it may be consolidated, or any entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee is a party, or any entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee, will (without the
execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this Indenture) be the successor of the Trustee under this Indenture, provided that such entity is otherwise qualified and eligible to act as such under
this Article 10. 

Section 10.09. ELIGIBILITY; DISQUALIFICATION. 

There will at all times be a Trustee under this Indenture that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of
the United States of America or of any state thereof, that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus
of at least $100.0 million as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. 

Article 11. MISCELLANEOUS

Section 11.01. NOTICES. 

Any notice or communication by the Company or the Trustee to the other will be deemed to have been duly given if in writing and
delivered in person or by first class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), facsimile transmission, electronic transmission or other similar means of unsecured electronic communication or overnight air courier guaranteeing next
day delivery, or to the others address, which initially is as follows: 

If to the Company: 

A10 Networks, Inc. 

2300 Orchard Parkway 

San Jose, California 95131 

Attention: General Counsel 

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP 

2550 Hanover Street 

Palo Alto, CA 94304-1115 

Attention: James J. Masetti 

If to the Trustee: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

West Side Flats St Paul 

60 Livingston Ave. 

Saint Paul, MN 55107 | EP-MN-S3MC

Attention: B. Bonfig (A10 Networks, Inc. Administrator) 

- 82 - 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding paragraph, notices
to the Trustee (other than a notice pursuant to Section 2.12) or any Note Agent must be in writing and will be deemed to have been given upon actual receipt by the Trustee or such Note Agent, as applicable. 

The Company or the Trustee, by notice to the other, may designate additional or different addresses (including facsimile
numbers and electronic addresses) for subsequent notices or communications. 

The Trustee will not have any duty to confirm
that the person sending any notice, instruction or other communication by electronic transmission (including by e-mail, facsimile transmission, web portal or other electronic methods) is, in fact, a person
authorized to do so. Electronic signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or
any other digital signature provider acceptable to the Trustee) will be deemed original signatures for all purposes. Any person that uses electronic signatures or electronic methods to send communications to the Trustee assumes all risks arising out
of such use, including the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized communication and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph, the Trustee may, in any instance and in its
sole discretion, require that an original document bearing a manual signature be delivered to the Trustee in lieu of, or in addition to, any such electronic communication. 

All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders) will be deemed to have been duly given: (A) at the time
delivered by hand, if personally delivered; (B) five (5) Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; (C) when receipt us acknowledged, if transmitted by facsimile, electronic transmission or other similar
means of unsecured electronic communication; and (D) the next Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery. 

All notices or communications required to be made to a Holder pursuant to this Indenture must be made in writing and will be
deemed to be duly sent or given in writing if mailed by first class mail, certified or registered, return receipt requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to its address shown on the Register; provided,
however, that a notice or communication to a Holder of a Global Note may, but need not, instead be sent pursuant to the Depositary Procedures (in which case, such notice will be deemed to be duly sent or given in writing). The failure to send
a notice or communication to a Holder, or any defect in such notice or communication, will not affect its sufficiency with respect to any other Holder. 

If the Trustee is then acting as the Depositarys custodian for the Notes, then, at the reasonable request of the Company
to the Trustee, the Trustee will cause any notice prepared by the Company to be sent to any Holder(s) pursuant to the Depositary Procedures, provided such request is evidenced in a Company Order delivered, together with the text of such
notice, to the Trustee at least two (2) Business Days before the date such notice is to be so sent. For the avoidance of doubt, such Company Order need not be accompanied by an Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee will
not have any liability relating to the contents of any notice that it sends 

- 83 - 

to any Holder pursuant to any such Company Order. 

If a notice or
communication is mailed or sent in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, it will be deemed to have been duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, (A) whenever any provision of this Indenture
requires a party to send notice to another party, no such notice need be sent if the sending party and the recipient are the same Person acting in different capacities (and, for purposes of the interpretation of this Indenture, such notice will be
deemed to have been duly sent at the time otherwise required by this Indenture); and (B) whenever any provision of this Indenture requires a party to send notice to more than one receiving party, and each receiving party is the same Person
acting in different capacities, then only one such notice need be sent to such Person. 

Section 11.02. DELIVERYOF
OFFICERS CERTIFICATEAND OPINIONOF COUNSELASTO CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.

Upon any request or application by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture (other than the
initial authentication of Notes under this Indenture), the Company will furnish to the Trustee: 

(A) an Officers
Certificate that complies with Section 11.03 and states that, in the opinion of the signatory thereto, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to such action have been
satisfied; and 

(B) an Opinion of Counsel that complies with Section 11.03 and states that, in
the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent and covenants, if any, have been satisfied. 

Section 11.03. STATEMENTS
REQUIREDIN OFFICERS CERTIFICATEAND OPINIONOF COUNSEL. 

Each Officers Certificate (other than an Officers Certificate pursuant to Section 3.05)
or Opinion of Counsel with respect to compliance with a covenant or condition provided for in this Indenture will include: 

(A) a statement that the signatory thereto has read such covenant or condition; 

(B) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions
contained therein are based; 

(C) a statement that, in the opinion of such signatory, he, she or it has made such
examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him, her or it to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been satisfied; and 

(D) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of such signatory, such covenant or condition has been satisfied. 

- 84 - 

Section 11.04. RULESBYTHE TRUSTEE,
THE REGISTRAR, THE PAYING AGENTANDTHE CONVERSION AGENT. 

The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. Each of the Registrar, the Paying Agent and the
Conversion Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions. 

Section 11.05. NO
PERSONAL LIABILITYOF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEESAND STOCKHOLDERS. 

No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company, as such, will have any
liability for any obligations of the Company under this Indenture or the Notes or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting any Note, each Holder waives and releases all such liability.
Such waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes. 

Section 11.06. GOVERNING LAW;
WAIVEROF JURY TRIAL. 

THIS INDENTURE AND THE NOTES, AND
ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE OR THE NOTES, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS INDENTURE OR THE NOTES. 

Section 11.07. SUBMISSIONTO JURISDICTION. 

Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Indenture or the transactions contemplated by this
Indenture may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America or the courts of the State of New York, in each case, located in the City of New York (collectively, the Specified Courts), and each party
irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the extent allowed under any
applicable statute or rule of court) to such partys address set forth in Section 11.01 will be effective service of process for any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court. Each of the Company, the
Trustee and each Holder (by its acceptance of any Note) irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees
not to plead or claim any such suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

Section 11.08. NO
ADVERSE INTERPRETATIONOF OTHER AGREEMENTS. 

Neither this Indenture nor the Notes may be used to interpret any other indenture, note, loan or debt agreement of the Company
or its Subsidiaries or of any other Person, and no such indenture, note, loan or debt agreement may be used to interpret this Indenture or the Notes. 

- 85 - 

Section 11.09. SUCCESSORS. 

All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and the Notes will bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this
Indenture will bind its successors. 

Section 11.10. FORCE MAJEURE. 

The Trustee and each Note Agent will not incur any liability for not performing any act or fulfilling any duty, obligation or
responsibility under this Indenture or the Notes by reason of any occurrence beyond its control (including any act or provision of any present or future law or regulation or governmental authority, act of God or war, civil unrest, local or national
disturbance or disaster, act of terrorism or unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or facsimile or other wire or communication facility). 

Section 11.11. U.S.A. PATRIOT ACT. 

The Company acknowledges that, in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial
institutions, in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the
Trustee. The Company agrees to provide the Trustee with such information as it may request to enable the Trustee to comply with the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act. 

Section 11.12. CALCULATIONS. 

Except as otherwise provided in this Indenture, the Company will be responsible for making all calculations called for under
this Indenture or the Notes, including determinations of the Last Reported Sale Price, the Daily Conversion Value, the Daily Cash Amount, the Daily Share Amount, the Trading Price of the Notes if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent for
purposes of determining whether the Notes are convertible pursuant to Section 5.01(C)(i)(2), the Daily VWAP, the Trading Price, accrued interest on the Notes, the Redemption Price, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price
and the Conversion Rate. 

The Company will make all calculations in good faith, and, absent manifest error, its
calculations will be final and binding on all Holders. The Company will provide a schedule of its calculations to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent, and each of the Trustee and the Conversion Agent may rely conclusively on the accuracy of the
Companys calculations without independent verification. The Trustee will promptly forward a copy of each such schedule to a Holder upon its written request therefor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee will not be obligated to make or
confirm any calculations or other amounts called for under this Indenture or the Notes. 

Section 11.13. SEVERABILITY. 

If any provision of this Indenture or the Notes is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Indenture or the Notes will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

- 86 - 

Section 11.14. COUNTERPARTS. 

The parties may sign any number of copies of this Indenture. Each signed copy will be an original, and all of them together
represent the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Indenture by facsimile, electronically in portable document format or in any other format will be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart. 

Section 11.15. TABLEOF CONTENTS, HEADINGS, ETC. 

The table of contents and the headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of
reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Indenture and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions of this Indenture. 

Section 11.16. WITHHOLDING TAXES. 

Each Holder of a Note agrees, and each beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note, by its acquisition of such interest,
is deemed to agree, that if the Company or other applicable withholding agent (including the Trustee) pays withholding taxes (including backup withholding) on behalf of such Holder or beneficial owner as a result of an adjustment or the non-occurrence of an adjustment to the Conversion Rate, then the Company or such withholding agent, as applicable, may, at its option, withhold such taxes from or set off such taxes against interest on the Notes and
payments or deliveries upon Conversion, repurchase, Redemption or maturity of the Notes (or, in some circumstances, any payments on shares of Common Stock) or sales proceeds received by, or other funds or assets of, such Holder or beneficial owner.

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows] 

- 87 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Indenture have caused this
Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 

A10 NETWORKS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Brian Becker

Name: Brian Becker

Title: Chief Financial Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Brandon Bonfig

Name: Brandon Bonfig

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[Insert
Global Note Legend, if applicable] 

[Insert Restricted Note Legend, if applicable] 

[Insert Non-Affiliate Legend] 

A10 NETWORKS, INC. 

2.75% Convertible Senior Note due 2030 

CUSIP No.: 

[ ][Insert for a restricted CUSIP number: *] 

Certificate No. [ ]

ISIN No.: 

[ ][Insert for a restricted ISIN number: *] 

A10 Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for value received, promises to pay to
[Cede & Co.], or its registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] dollars ($[ ]) [(as revised by the attached Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note)] on April 1, 2030 and to pay interest thereon, as provided in the Indenture referred to below, until the principal and all accrued and unpaid interest are paid or duly provided for. 

Interest Payment Dates: 

April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on [date].

Regular Record Dates: 

March 15 and September 15.

Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the other side of this Note. 

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows] 

* 

This Note will be deemed to be identified by CUSIP No. [ ] and ISIN No. [
] from and after such time when the Company delivers, pursuant to Section 2.12 of the within-mentioned Indenture, written notice to the Trustee of the deemed removal of the Restricted Note Legend affixed to this Note.

A-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, A10 Networks, Inc. has caused this instrument to
be duly executed as of the date set forth below. 

A10 NETWORKS, INC.

Date: 

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned
Indenture. 

Date: 

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-3 

A10 NETWORKS, INC. 

2.75% Convertible Senior Note due 2030 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of notes of A10 Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), designated as its 2.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), all issued or to be issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of March 17, 2025 (as the same may be amended from time to
time, the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Capitalized terms used in this Note without definition have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. 

The Indenture sets forth the rights and obligations of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders and the terms of the Notes.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note, to the extent that any provision of this Note conflicts with the provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture will control. 

1. Interest. This Note will accrue interest at a rate and in the manner set forth in Section 2.05 of the
Indenture. Stated Interest on this Note will begin to accrue from, and including, [date]. 

2. Maturity. This
Note will mature on April 1, 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or Converted. 

3. Method of Payment.
Cash amounts due on this Note will be paid in the manner set forth in Section 2.04 of the Indenture. 

4. Persons
Deemed Owners. The Holder of this Note will be treated as the owner of this Note for all purposes. 

5.
Denominations; Transfers and Exchanges. All Notes will be in registered form, without coupons, in principal amounts equal to any Authorized Denominations. Subject to the terms of the Indenture, the Holder of this Note may transfer or exchange
this Note by presenting it to the Registrar and delivering any required documentation or other materials. 

6. Right of
Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes Upon a Fundamental Change. If a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change) occurs, then each Holder will have the right to require the Company to repurchase such
Holders Notes (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) for cash in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 4.02 of the Indenture. 

7. Right of the Company to Redeem the Notes. The Company will have the right to redeem the Notes for cash in the
manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 4.03 of the Indenture. 

8. Conversion. The Holder of
this Note may Convert this Note into Conversion Consideration in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Article 5 of the Indenture. 

A-4 

9. When the Company May Merge, Etc. Article 6 of the Indenture places
limited restrictions on the Companys ability to be a party to a Business Combination Event. 

10. Defaults and
Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding may (and, in certain circumstances, will automatically) become due and payable in the manner, and
subject to the terms, set forth in Article 7 of the Indenture. 

11. Amendments, Supplements and Waivers. The
Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture or the Notes or waive compliance with any provision of the Indenture or the Notes in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 7.05 and Article 8 of the Indenture.

12. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. No past, present or future director,
officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Indenture or the Notes or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their
creation. By accepting any Note, each Holder waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes. 

13. Authentication. No Note will be valid until it is authenticated by the Trustee. A Note will be deemed to be duly
authenticated only when an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent) manually signs the certificate of authentication of such Note. 

14. Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or its assignee, such as TEN COM
(tenants in common), TEN ENT (tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (custodian), and U/G/M/A (Uniform Gift to Minors Act). 

15. Governing Law. THIS NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE, WILL BE
GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

* * * 

To request a copy of the Indenture, which the Company will provide to any Holder at no charge, please send a written request
to the following address: 

A10 Networks, Inc. 

2300 Orchard Parkway 

San Jose,
California 95131 

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

A-5 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE*

INITIAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE: $[ ] 

The following exchanges, transfers or cancellations of this Global Note have been made: 

Date 

Amount of Increase (Decrease)

in Principal Amount of

this
Global Note 

Principal Amount of this Global

Note After Such Increase

(Decrease) 

Signature of Authorized

Signatory of Trustee

* 

Insert for Global Notes only. 

A-6 

CONVERSION NOTICE 

A10 NETWORKS, INC. 

2.75%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, by executing and delivering this Conversion Notice, the
undersigned Holder of the Note identified below directs the Company to Convert (check one): 

the entire principal amount of 

$* aggregate principal amount of 

the Note identified by CUSIP No. and Certificate No. . 

The undersigned acknowledges that if the Conversion Date of a Note to be Converted is after a Regular
Record Date and before the next Interest Payment Date, then such Note, when surrendered for Conversion, must, in certain circumstances, be accompanied with an amount of cash equal to the interest that would have accrued on such Note to, but
excluding, such Interest Payment Date. 

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* 

Must be an Authorized Denomination. 

A-7 

FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE 

A10 NETWORKS, INC. 

2.75%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, by executing and delivering this Fundamental Change Repurchase
Notice, the undersigned Holder of the Note identified below is exercising its Fundamental Change Repurchase Right with respect to (check one): 

the entire principal amount of 

$* aggregate
principal amount of 

the Note identified by CUSIP No. and
Certificate No. . 

The undersigned acknowledges that this Note, duly endorsed for
transfer, must be delivered to the Paying Agent before the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price will be paid. 

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* 

Must be an Authorized Denomination. 

A-8 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

A10 NETWORKS, INC. 

2.75%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, the undersigned Holder of the Note identified below assigns
(check one): 

the entire principal amount of 

$* aggregate
principal amount of 

the Note identified by CUSIP No. and
Certificate No. , and all rights thereunder, to: 

Name: 

Address: 

Social security or tax id. #: 

and irrevocably appoints: 

as agent to transfer the within Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for
him/her. 

Date: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* 

Must be an Authorized Denomination. 

A-9 

TRANSFEROR ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

If the within Note bears a Restricted Note Legend, the undersigned further certifies that (check one): 

1. 

Such Transfer is being made to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

2. 

Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, a registration statement that is effective under the
Securities Act at the time of the Transfer.

3. 

Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and, accordingly, the
undersigned further certifies that the within Note is being transferred to a Person that the undersigned reasonably believes is purchasing the within Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which such Person exercises
sole investment discretion, and such Person and each such account is a Person reasonably believed to be a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act in a transaction meeting the requirements of
Rule 144A. If this item is checked, then the transferee must complete and execute the acknowledgment contained on the next page.

4. 

Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, any other available exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act (including, if available, the exemption provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act).

Dated: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

(Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program)

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-10 

TRANSFEREE ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

The undersigned represents that it is purchasing the within Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which the
undersigned exercises sole investment discretion, and that and the undersigned and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The undersigned acknowledges that the
transferor is relying, in transferring the within Note, on the exemption from the registration and prospectus-delivery requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Rule 144A and that the undersigned has received such
information regarding the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A. 

Dated: 

(Name of Transferee)

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-11 

EXHIBIT B-1

FORM OF RESTRICTED NOTE LEGEND 

THE OFFER AND SALE OF THIS NOTE AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN,
THE ACQUIRER: 

(1) 

REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER
(WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT; AND 

(2) 

AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE COMPANY THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE OR ANY
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, EXCEPT ONLY: 

(A) 

TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF; 

(B) 

PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; 

(C) 

TO A PERSON REASONABLY BELIEVED TO BE A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT; 

(D) 

PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; OR 

(E) 

PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE SECURITIES ACT. 

BEFORE THE REGISTRATION OF ANY SALE OR TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH (2)(C), (D) OR (E) ABOVE,
THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND THE REGISTRAR RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH CERTIFICATES OR OTHER DOCUMENTATION OR EVIDENCE AS THEY MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED SALE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN
COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.*

* 

This paragraph and the immediately preceding paragraph will be deemed to be removed from the face of this
Note at such time when the Company delivers written notice to the Trustee of such deemed removal pursuant to Section 2.12 of the within-mentioned Indenture. 

B1-1 

EXHIBIT B-2

FORM OF GLOBAL NOTE LEGEND 

THIS IS A GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE
OF THE DEPOSITARY, WHICH MAY BE TREATED BY THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF AS THE OWNER AND HOLDER OF THIS NOTE FOR ALL PURPOSES. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS
AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO
CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE &
CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE WILL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC, OR
TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE, AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE WILL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 2 OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO. 

B2-1 

EXHIBIT B-3

FORM OF NON-AFFILIATE LEGEND 

NO AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED) OF THE COMPANY MAY PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRE THIS NOTE
OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

B3-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d828154dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

A10 Networks, Inc. Announces Pricing of Offering of $200 Million of Convertible Senior Notes 

San Jose, Calif. March 13, 2025A10 Networks, Inc. (NYSE: ATEN) (the Company) today announced the pricing on
March 12, 2025 of its offering of $200,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 2.75% convertible senior notes due 2030 (the notes) in a private offering (the offering) that is exempt from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The issuance and sale of the notes are scheduled to settle
on March 17, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. In connection with the offering, the Company also granted the initial purchasers of the notes an option to purchase, for settlement within a period of 13 days from, and including, the
date the notes are first issued, up to an additional $25,000,000 aggregate principal amount of notes. 

When issued, the notes will be
senior, unsecured obligations of the Company and will accrue interest at a rate of 2.75% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October 1, 2025. The notes will mature on
April 1, 2030, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 1, 2029, the notes will become convertible only under certain circumstances and during
specified periods. From and after December 1, 2029, noteholders may convert their notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle
conversions of the notes by paying cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be converted and paying or delivering, as the case may be, cash, shares of its common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at the
Companys election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of the Companys conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the notes being converted. The initial conversion rate is 42.6257 shares of common stock per
$1,000 principal amount of notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $23.46 per share of common stock. The initial conversion price represents a premium of approximately 20.0% over the last reported sale price of $19.55
per share of the Companys common stock on March 12, 2025. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. 

Prior to April 5, 2028, the notes will not be redeemable. The notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to certain
limitations), for cash at the Companys option at any time, and from time to time, on or after April 5, 2028 and on or before the 60th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if (i) the notes are
freely tradable (as defined in the indenture for the notes) as of the date the Company sends the related redemption notice and all accrued and unpaid additional interest, if any, has been paid in full as of the first interest payment
date occurring on or before the date the Company sends such notice; and (ii) the last reported sale price per share of the Companys common stock is at least 130% of the conversion price on (1) each of at least 20 trading days,
whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such redemption notice; and (2) the trading day immediately before the date the Company
sends such notice. The redemption price will be equal to the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

- 1 - 

If certain corporate events that constitute a fundamental change occur, then,
subject to a limited exception, noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their notes for cash. The repurchase price will be equal to the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
excluding, the applicable repurchase date. 

The Company estimates that the net proceeds from the offering will be approximately
$193.8 million (or approximately $218.1 million if the initial purchasers fully exercise their option to purchase additional notes), after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and the Companys estimated
offering expenses. The Company expects to use approximately $44.2 million of the net proceeds to repurchase shares of its common stock (the share repurchases) concurrently with the offering in privately negotiated transactions
effected through one of the initial purchasers of the notes or its affiliate, as the Companys agent, at a purchase price per share equal to $19.55, the closing price of the Companys common stock on The New York Stock Exchange on the date
of pricing of the notes. The Company intends to use the remainder of the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The Company may also use the net proceeds from the offering to fund future acquisitions
of, or investments in, businesses, assets or technologies that the Company believes is complementary to its own, although the Company has no present commitments or agreements to do so. The Company will retain broad discretion over the use of the
proceeds. Pending application of the net proceeds as described above, the Company intends to invest the net proceeds in short- and intermediate-term, interest-bearing obligations, investment-grade instruments, certificates of deposit or direct or
guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government. The concurrent repurchases of shares of the Companys common stock described above, and any other repurchases of the Companys common stock, could increase, or reduce the size of any decrease
in, the market price of the Companys common stock. The Company cannot predict the magnitude of such market activity or the overall effect it will have on the price of the notes or its common stock. 

In addition, any share repurchases following the offering could affect the market price of the notes and, if conducted during an observation
period for the conversion of any notes, could affect the amount and value of the consideration that is due upon such conversion. The share repurchases will be effected as part of the Companys share repurchase program authorized by its board of
directors in 2024. Accordingly, the share repurchases will reduce the approximately $44.2 million remaining amount authorized and available under such share repurchase program as of the date hereof. 

This press release is not an offer to repurchase the Companys common stock and the offering of the notes is not contingent upon the
share repurchases. 

The offer and sale of the notes and any shares of common stock of the Company issuable upon conversion of the notes
have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any other securities laws, and the notes and any such shares cannot be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration
requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any
jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. The notes and the shares of the Companys common stock issuable upon conversion of the notes, if any, have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws
of any other jurisdiction and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from such registration requirements. 

- 2 - 

About A10 Networks, Inc. 

A10 Networks provides security and infrastructure solutions for on-premises, hybrid cloud, and
edge-cloud environments. Our 7000+ customers span global large enterprises and communications, cloud and web service providers who must provide business-critical applications and networks that are secure, available, and efficient. Founded in 2004,
A10 Networks is based in San Jose, Calif. and serves customers globally. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including
statements regarding the expected closing date of the offering, the intended use of net proceeds from the offering, the expected terms of the offering and the extent and potential effects of the share repurchases. These forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including risks related to whether A10 Networks, Inc. will be able to satisfy the conditions required to close the sale of the notes, the fact that A10
Networks, Inc.s management will have broad discretion in the use of the proceeds from any sale of the notes, whether the share repurchases will become effective, and other risks detailed from time to time in A10 Networks, Inc.s filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information
available to A10 Networks, Inc. as of the date hereof, and A10 Networks, Inc. does not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were
made except as otherwise required by law. 

Contacts 

Rob Fink 

Managing Partner at FNK IR 

investors@a10networks.com 

- 3 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>aten-20250313.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>aten-20250313_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Description 
Amendment Description
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>aten-20250313_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g828154dsp5.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g828154dsp61.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g828154dsp62.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g828154dsp63.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g828154dsp64.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g828154dsp66.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g828154g0315125353152.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag true

Entity Central Index Key 0001580808

Document Type 8-K/A

Document Period End Date Mar. 13, 2025

Entity Registrant Name A10 NETWORKS, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-36343

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-1446869

Entity Address, Address Line One 2300 Orchard Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95131

City Area Code (408)

Local Phone Number 325-8668

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.00001 par value

Trading Symbol ATEN

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Description This Amendment No.1 on Form 8-K to the Current Report on Form 8-K of A10 Networks, Inc. (the Company) originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2025 (the Original 8-K) amends the Original 8-K solely to correct the disclosures under Item 1.01 to clarify that (a) the net proceeds from the sale of Notes were approximately $193.8 million (rather than the $218.1 million listed in the Original 8-K), after deducting the initial purchasers discount and the estimated offering expenses payable by the Company and (b) the Company used approximately $43.6 million (rather than the $44.2 million listed in the Original 8-K) of the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes to repurchase shares of its common stock from purchasers of the Notes in privately negotiated transactions effected with or through one of the initial purchasers of the Notes or its affiliate, as the Companys agent. No other changes have been made to Item 1.01 of the Original 8-K, and this Amendment No. 1 does not amend, modify, or otherwise update any other information in the Original 8-K. 

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.a10networks.com//20250313/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aten-20250313.xsd 
aten-20250313_lab.xml 
aten-20250313_pre.xml 
d828154d8ka.htm 

g828154g0315125353152.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-058093-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>d828154d8ka_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001580808 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

true 
0001580808 
8-K/A 
2025-03-13 
A10 NETWORKS, INC. 
DE 
001-36343 
20-1446869 
2300 Orchard Parkway 
San Jose 
CA 
95131 
(408) 
325-8668 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.00001 par value 
ATEN 
NYSE 
false 
This Amendment No.1 on Form 8-K to the Current Report on Form 8-K of A10 Networks, Inc. (the Company) originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2025 (the Original 8-K) amends the Original 8-K solely to correct the disclosures under Item 1.01 to clarify that (a) the net proceeds from the sale of Notes were approximately $193.8 million (rather than the $218.1 million listed in the Original 8-K), after deducting the initial purchasers discount and the estimated offering expenses payable by the Company and (b) the Company used approximately $43.6 million (rather than the $44.2 million listed in the Original 8-K) of the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes to repurchase shares of its common stock from purchasers of the Notes in privately negotiated transactions effected with or through one of the initial purchasers of the Notes or its affiliate, as the Companys agent. No other changes have been made to Item 1.01 of the Original 8-K, and this Amendment No. 1 does not amend, modify, or otherwise update any other information in the Original 8-K.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>